<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231006_10-K_edgar_data_1913838_0001558370-23-016274.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14969133</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>212068</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1586558</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6219323</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1984804</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4440803</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-016274.hdr.sgml : 20231006
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231006122317
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-016274
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231006
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231006

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VWF Bancorp, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001913838
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTIONS, NOT FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6036]
		IRS NUMBER:				881256373
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56459
		FILM NUMBER:		231313372

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		976 SOUTH SHANNON STREET
		CITY:			VAN WERT
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45891
		BUSINESS PHONE:		419-238-9662

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		976 SOUTH SHANNON STREET
		CITY:			VAN WERT
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45891

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-016274.txt : 20231006

10-K
 1
 vwfb-20230630x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 2023 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____________ to _______________ Commission File Number: (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) Registrant s telephone n umber , including area c ode : Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant computed by reference to the price at which the common stock was last sold as of December 31, 2022, was approximately million. Registrant has no non-voting shares. For purposes of this calculation, shares of common stock held by directors, officers and 5 stockholders known to the registrant have been deemed to be owned by affiliates, but this should not be construed as an admission that any such person possesses the power, direct or indirect, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the registrant or that such person is controlled by or under common control with the registrant. As of October 6, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. PART I ITEM 1. Business 1 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 26 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 26 ITEM 2. Properties 26 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 27 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 27 PART II ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 27 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 27 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 27 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 40 ITEM 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 40 ITEM 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 75 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 75 ITEM 9B. Other Information 76 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 76 PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 76 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 76 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 77 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 77 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 77 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 78 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 78 SIGNATURES 79 

Table of Contents 
 EXPLANATORY NOTE Effective July 13, 2022, VWF Bancorp, Inc. (the Company, we or us became the savings and loan holding company for Van Wert Federal Savings Bank Van Wert Federal or the Bank in connection with the Bank s conversion from the mutual form of organization to the stock form of organization. As of June 30, 2022, the conversion transaction had not been completed and the Company had no assets or liabilities and had not conducted any business activities other than organizational activities. Accordingly, financial and other information contained in this Annual Report as of, and for the year ended June 30, 2022 relates primarily to the Bank. 

Table of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. Business Forward Looking Statements This annual report contains forward-looking statements, which can be identified by the use of words such as such estimate, project, believe, intend, anticipate, plan, seek, expect, will, would, should, could or may, and words of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: statements of our goals, intentions and expectations; statements regarding our business plans, prospects, growth and operating strategies; statements regarding the quality of our loan and investment portfolios; and estimates of our risks and future costs and benefits. 
 These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and expectations of our management and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control. In addition, these forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions with respect to future business strategies and decisions that are subject to change. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on such statements. We are under no duty to and do not take any obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this annual report. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements: conditions relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, including the severity and duration of the associated economic slowdown either nationally or in our market areas, that are worse than expected; general economic conditions, either nationally or in our market areas, that are worse than expected; changes in the level and direction of loan delinquencies and write-offs and changes in estimates of the adequacy of the allowance for loan and lease losses; our ability to access cost-effective funding; fluctuations in real estate values and in the conditions of the residential real estate, commercial real estate, and agricultural real estate markets; demand for loans and deposits in our market area; our ability to implement and change our business strategies; competition among depository and other financial institutions; inflation and changes in the interest rate environment that reduce our margins and yields, the fair value of our financial instruments, or our level of loan originations, or increase the level of defaults, losses and prepayments within our loan portfolio; adverse changes in the securities markets; 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 changes in laws or government regulations or policies affecting financial institutions, including changes in regulatory fees, capital requirements and insurance premiums; changes in the quality or composition of our loan or investment portfolios; technological changes that may be more difficult or expensive than expected; the inability of third-party providers to perform as expected; a failure or breach of our operational or information security systems or infrastructure, including cyberattacks; our ability to manage market risk, credit risk and operational risk; our ability to enter new markets successfully and capitalize on growth opportunities; changes in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits; changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the bank regulatory agencies, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission or the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; our ability to retain key employees; material weakness or significant deficiency in our internal controls over financial reporting; and changes in the financial condition, results of operations or future prospects of issuers of securities that we own. 
 Because of these and a wide variety of other uncertainties, our actual future results may be materially different from the results indicated by these forward-looking statements. VWF Bancorp, Inc. VWF Bancorp, Inc. VWF Bancorp, the Company or we was incorporated in February 2022 to become the holding company for Van Wert Federal Savings Bank Van Wert Federal or the Bank upon the conversion of Van Wert Federal from the mutual form of organization to the stock form of organization (the Conversion ). The Conversion was completed on July 13, 2022. In connection with the Conversion, the Company sold 1,922,924 shares of common stock at a price of 10.00 per share. The Company is a registered savings and loan holding company subject to comprehensive regulation and examination by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal Reserve Board ). The Company conducts its operations primarily through its wholly owned subsidiary, Van Wert Federal Savings Bank, a federally-chartered savings bank. The Company s principal office is located at 976 South Shannon Street, Van Wert, Ohio 45891, and our telephone number at that address is (419) 238-9662. Our website address is www.vanwertfederal.com . Information on our website is not and should not be considered a part of this annual report. Van Wert Federal Savings Bank Van Wert Federal is a federally-chartered savings bank headquartered in Van Wert, Ohio. Our business consists primarily of taking deposits from the general public and investing those deposits, together with funds generated from operations, in one- to four-family residential mortgage loans secured by properties located in our primary market area. To a significantly lesser extent, we also originate commercial real estate loans, agricultural real estate loans, construction 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 and land loans, commercial and industrial loans, home equity lines of credit, and consumer loans. In recent years, we have increased, at a managed pace and consistent with what we believe to be conservative underwriting standards, our originations of higher yielding commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loans. Our primary revenue source is interest income earned on loans and investments. Noninterest income is not a significant revenue source. Van Wert Federal is subject to comprehensive regulation and examination by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (the OCC and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC and is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank system. New President and Chief Executive Officer As previously reported, the Company announced that Michael D. Cahill, CPA, became a consultant to the Bank effective October 1, 2022. He served as a consultant for the remainder of the calendar year and the Company and Bank appointed him to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2023. He was also appointed as a director of the Company and Bank effective January 1, 2023. New Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer As previously reported, on March 8, 2023, the Company and Bank appointed Richard W. Brackin, CPA, to serve as Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer effective April 17, 2023. Market Area We consider Van Wert County, located in northwest Ohio, to be our primary market area for originating loans and gathering deposits. Our sole office is located in Van Wert, which is the county seat. Van Wert is located approximately 35 miles east of Ft. Wayne, Indiana, and approximately 35 miles west of Lima, Ohio. Van Wert County is primarily rural, but it has a mix of manufacturing and agriculture. Major manufacturers include Tenneco, Inc. and Danfoss, which are major employers. Other major employers are Braun Industries, Central Mutual Insurance Company, Cooper Farms, Van Wert County Hospital, and local school districts. Agricultural production is primarily focused on corn, soybeans and wheat. Competition We face strong competition within our primary market area of Van Wert County both in making loans and attracting retail deposits. Our market area includes large money center and regional banks, community banks and savings institutions, and credit unions. We also face competition for loans from mortgage banking firms, consumer finance companies, credit unions, and fintech companies and, with respect to deposits, from money market funds, brokerage firms, mutual funds and insurance companies. At June 30, 2023 (the most recent date for which FDIC data is publicly available), we were ranked 1 st among the eight FDIC-insured financial institutions with offices in Van Wert County, with a market share of deposits of 19.14 . Lending Activities General. Our loan portfolio consists primarily of residential mortgage loans. To a substantially lesser extent, we also originate commercial real estate loans, agricultural real estate loans, construction and land loans, commercial and industrial loans, home equity lines of credit, and consumer loans. We originate loans for retention in our portfolio and generally do not sell loans. In recent years, we have increased our focus on originating higher yielding commercial real estate loans and commercial and industrial loans, and we intend to continue that focus after the conversion and stock offering. We offer both adjustable-rate and fixed-rate residential mortgage loans. However, historically a significant majority of the residential real estate loans which we have originated are long-term, fixed-rate loans that generally conform to secondary market guidelines. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Commercial real estate loans and commercial and industrial loans have not historically comprised a significant portion of our total loan portfolio. While we expect that one- to four-family residential real estate lending will continue to be an emphasis of our lending operations, we intend to increase our emphasis on commercial real estate loans and commercial and industrial loans in an effort to increase the yield on our loan portfolio and diversify our loan portfolio. Loan Portfolio Composition. The following table sets forth the composition of our loan portfolio by type of loan at the dates indicated. There were no loans held-for-sale at any date indicated. 

At June 30, 2023 2022 Amount Percent Amount Percent (Dollars in thousands) Real estate loans: Commercial real estate 6,010 6.7 5,136 6.2 Residential real estate 65,857 73.4 65,638 79.8 Multifamily 688 0.8 719 0.9 Agricultural real estate 4,045 4.5 3,451 4.2 Construction and land 8,567 9.5 6,007 7.3 Home equity line of credit 355 0.4 264 0.3 Commercial and industrial 3,399 3.8 339 0.4 Consumer 801 0.9 713 0.9 Total loans 89,722 100.00 82,267 100.00 Less: Undisbursed loans in process 8,203 4,324 Net deferred loan costs, premium and discounts 48 10 Allowance for loan losses 263 223 Total loans receivable, net 81,208 77,710 Contractual Maturities. The following table sets forth the contractual maturities of our total loan portfolio at June 30, 2023. Demand loans, loans having no stated repayment schedule or maturity, and overdraft loans are reported as being due in one year or less. Because the tables present contractual maturities and do not reflect repricing or the effect of prepayments, actual maturities may differ. 

Home Commercial Equity Commercial Residential Multifamily Agricultural Construction and Lines of Real Estate Real Estate Real Estate Real Estate and Land Industrial Credit Consumer Total (In thousands) Due During the Years Ending June 30, 2024 29 7 38 2,400 2 2,476 2025 862 81 2,200 35 3,178 2026 225 4,500 605 88 5,418 2027 to 2028 420 882 193 28 380 1,903 2029 to 2033 1,926 8,080 394 296 10,696 2034 to 2038 955 16,364 572 726 112 18,729 2039 and beyond 1,818 40,218 688 3,280 1,075 243 47,322 Total 6,010 65,857 688 4,045 8,567 3,399 355 801 89,722 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth our fixed and adjustable-rate loans at June 30, 2023 that are contractually due after June 30, 2024. 

Due After June 30, 2024 Fixed Adjustable Total (In thousands) Real estate loans: Commercial real estate 2,488 3,522 6,010 Residential real estate 55,705 10,152 65,857 Multifamily 688 688 Agricultural real estate 3,391 654 4,045 Construction and land 3,709 4,858 8,567 Home equity lines of credit (HELOC) 355 355 Commercial and industrial loans 2,529 870 3,399 Consumer loans 801 801 Total loans 69,666 20,056 89,722 Residential Mortgage Lending . At June 30, 2023 we had 65.8 million of loans secured by residential real estate, or 73.4 of total loans. The significant majority of our one- to four-family residential real estate loans are secured by properties located in our primary market area. At June 30, 2023, 2.4 million, or 3.6 of residential mortgage loans, were secured by non-owner occupied properties. Approximately one-quarter of that amount represent loans secured by properties occupied by a family member of the borrower. Our one- to four-family residential real estate loans are generally underwritten to secondary market guidelines. We offer both fixed-rate and adjustable rate residential mortgage loans for terms up to 30 years. Adjustable rate loans are tied to the National Average Contract Mortgage Rate published by the Federal Housing Finance Agency. For adjustable rate loans, the interest rate is fixed for the initial terms of five, seven or 10 years, and then adjusts yearly thereafter with an annual rate cap of 2 and a lifetime rate cap of 6 . We generally limit the loan-to-value ratios of our residential mortgage loans to 80 (90 for borrowers with a FICO credit score of 720 or higher and 95 with private mortgage insurance) of the purchase price or appraised value, whichever is lower. We do not offer interest only residential mortgage loans, where the borrower pays interest for an initial period, after which the loan converts to a fully amortizing loan. We also do not offer loans that provide for negative amortization of principal, such as Option ARM loans, where the borrower can pay less than the interest owed on the loan, resulting in an increased principal balance during the life of the loan. We do not currently offer subprime loans on one- to four-family residential real estate loans i.e. , generally loans to borrowers with credit scores less than 620). At June 30, 2023, multi-family residential mortgage loans was an immaterial portion of our loan portfolio. Commercial Real Estate Loans . At June 30, 2023, we had 6.0 million in commercial real estate loans, or 6.7 of total loans. Our commercial real estate loans are generally secured primarily by owner-occupied properties including warehouses and offices. We generally do not originate commercial loans secured by strip shopping malls or restaurants. Substantially all of our commercial real estate loans are adjustable rate loans with the interest rate tied to the National Average Contract Mortgage Rate. The interest rate is fixed for the initial term of five years, and then adjusts yearly thereafter. Commercial real estate loans generally have terms up to 20 years. We generally limit the loan-to-value ratios of our commercial mortgage loans to 80 (75 for non-owner occupied properties) of the purchase price or appraised value, whichever is lower. At June 30, 2023, our largest commercial real estate loan was for 849,000, none of which had been disbursed. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 We consider a number of factors in originating commercial real estate loans. We evaluate the qualifications and financial condition of the borrower, including credit history, profitability and expertise, as well as the value and condition of the property securing the loan. When evaluating the qualifications of the borrower, we consider the financial resources of the borrower, the borrower s experience in owning or managing similar property and the borrower s payment history with us and other financial institutions. In evaluating the property securing the loan, the factors we consider include the net operating income of the mortgaged property before debt service and depreciation, the ratio of the loan amount to the appraised value of the mortgaged property, and the debt service coverage ratio (the ratio of net operating income to debt service). Generally, we require that the debt service coverage ratio be at least 1.15x. The significant majority of our commercial real estate loans are appraised by outside independent appraisers approved by the board of directors. Personal guarantees are generally obtained from the principals of commercial real estate borrowers. Agricultural Real Estate Loans . At June 30, 2023, we had 4.0 million in agricultural real estate loans, or 4.5 of total loans. These loans are secured by agricultural land. The interest rate is fixed for the initial term of five or seven years, and then adjusts yearly thereafter. Agricultural real estate loans generally have terms up to 25 years. We generally limit the loan-to-value ratios of our agricultural real estate loans to 75 of the purchase price or appraised value, whichever is lower. At June 30, 2023, our largest agricultural real estate loan had an outstanding balance of 760,000. At June 30, 2023, this loan was performing according to its original terms. We consider a number of factors in originating agricultural real estate loans. We evaluate the qualifications and financial condition of the borrower, including credit history, profitability and expertise, as well as the value and condition of the property securing the loan. When evaluating the qualifications of the borrower, we consider the financial resources of the borrower, the borrower s experience in agriculture and the borrower s payment history with us and other financial institutions. In evaluating the property securing the loan, the factors we consider include the net operating income of the mortgaged property before debt service and depreciation, the ratio of the loan amount to the appraised value of the mortgaged property, and the debt service coverage ratio (the ratio of net operating income to debt service). Generally, we require that the debt service coverage ratio be at least 1.15x. The significant majority of our agricultural real estate loans are appraised by outside independent appraisers approved by the board of directors. Personal guarantees are generally obtained from the principals of agricultural real estate borrowers. Construction and Land Loans. At June 30, 2023, we had 8.6 million in construction and land loans, or 9.5 of total loans. We make residential construction loans, primarily to individuals for the construction of their primary residences and to contractors and builders of single-family homes. We generally work with a limited number of builders with whom we have had a successful track record. We do not make speculative residential construction loans, which are construction loans to a builder where there is not a contract in place for the purchase of the home at the time the construction loan is originated. Our residential construction loans are structured as construction/permanent loans where after a one year construction period the loan converts to a permanent residential mortgage loan. Our residential construction loans are underwritten to the same guidelines for permanent residential mortgage loans. At June 30, 2023, our largest residential construction loan was for 576,000, of which 308,000 has been disbursed. We make commercial construction loans, which are structured as construction/permanent loans where after a one year construction period the loan converts to a permanent commercial mortgage loan. Our commercial construction loans are underwritten to the same guidelines for commercial mortgage loans. At June 30, 2023, our largest commercial construction loan was for 4.5 million (representing a 16 participation interest), none of which had been dispersed. Construction loans generally can be made with a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 90 (residential properties) and 75 (commercial properties) of the estimated appraised market value upon completion of the project. Before making a commitment to fund a construction loan, we require an appraisal of the property by an independent licensed appraiser. We also generally require inspections of the property before disbursements of funds during the term of the construction loan. Commercial and Industrial Loans. At June 30, 2023, commercial and industrial loans amounted to 3.3 million, or 3.8 of total loans. Commercial and industrial loans include both term loans and lines of credit. Term loans 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 are generally fixed rate, five year balloon loans with generally 15-year amortization schedules. Lines of credit are based on the prime rate and with terms of 18 to 24 months. These loans are generally secured by business assets, such as equipment and accounts receivable. Depending on the collateral used to secure the loans, commercial loans are made in amounts of up to 90 of the value of the collateral securing the loan. When making commercial loans, we consider the financial statements of the borrower, our lending history with the borrower, the debt service capabilities and global cash flows of the borrower and other guarantors, the projected cash flows of the business and the value of the collateral, accounts receivable, inventory and equipment. At June 30, 2023, our largest commercial and industrial loan totaled 2.0 million and is secured by a UCC filing on all business assets. At June 30, 2023, this loan was performing according to its original terms. Home Equity Lines of Credit. At June 30, 2023, the outstanding balance of home equity lines of credit was 355,000, or 0.4 of total loans. The interest rate for home equity lines of credit are based on the prime rate. There is a 10 year draw period followed by a 10 year repayment period. The loan to value ratio is generally up to 80 , taking into account any superior mortgage on the collateral property. Generally, all applicants for a home equity line of credit are required to have a FICO credit score of at least 720. Consumer Loans . At June 30, 2023, consumer loans were 801,000, or 0.9 of total loans. Our consumer loan portfolio generally consists of loans secured predominately by automobiles and trucks (new and used), trailers, and other consumer assets. Consumer loans have fixed interest rates and terms up to five years, with loan to value ratios up to 90 . Loan Underwriting Risks Commercial Real Estate Loans and Agricultural Real Estate Loans. Loans secured by commercial real estate or agricultural real estate generally have larger balances and involve a greater degree of risk than one- to four-family residential real estate loans. The primary concern in commercial real estate lending and agricultural real estate lending is the borrower s creditworthiness and the feasibility and cash flow potential of the underlying business. Payments on loans secured by income producing properties often depend on successful operation and management of the properties. As a result, repayment of such loans may be subject, to a greater extent than residential real estate loans, to adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy. To monitor cash flows on income properties, we require borrowers and loan guarantors to provide quarterly, semi-annual or annual financial statements, depending on the size of the loan, on commercial real estate loans. In reaching a decision on whether to make a commercial real estate loan, we consider and review a global cash flow analysis of the borrower and consider the net operating income of the property, the borrower s expertise, credit history and profitability and the value of the underlying property. We have generally required that the properties securing these real estate loans have an aggregate debt service ratio, including the guarantor s cash flows and the borrower s other projects, of at least 1.15x. An environmental phase one report is obtained when the possibility exists that hazardous materials may have existed on the site, or the site may have been impacted by adjoining properties that handled hazardous materials. If we foreclose on a commercial real estate loan or an agricultural real estate loan, the marketing and liquidation period to convert the real estate asset to cash can be lengthy with substantial holding costs. In addition, vacancies, deferred maintenance, repairs and market stigma can result in prospective buyers expecting sale price concessions to offset their real or perceived economic losses for the time it takes them to return the property to profitability. Depending on the individual circumstances, initial charge-offs and subsequent losses on commercial real estate loans can be unpredictable and substantial. Commercial and Industrial Loans. Unlike residential real estate loans, which generally are made on the basis of the borrower s ability to make repayment from his or her employment or other income, and which are secured by real property whose value tends to be more easily ascertainable, commercial and industrial loans are of higher risk and typically are made on the basis of the borrower s ability to make repayment from the cash flows of the borrower s business, and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. Our commercial and industrial loans are originated primarily based on the identified cash flows of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 provided by the borrower. Collateral for commercial and industrial loans typically consists of equipment, accounts receivable, or inventory. Credit support provided by the borrower for most of these loans is based on the liquidation of the pledged collateral and enforcement of a personal guarantee, if any. Further, any collateral securing such loans may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise and may fluctuate in value. As a result, the availability of funds for the repayment of commercial and industrial loans may depend substantially on the success of the business itself. Construction and Land Loans. Our construction loans are based upon estimates of costs and values associated with the completed project. Underwriting is focused on the borrowers financial strength, credit history and demonstrated ability to produce a quality product and effectively market and manage their operations. Construction lending involves additional risks when compared with permanent lending because funds are advanced upon the security of the project, which is of uncertain value before its completion. Because of the uncertainties inherent in estimating construction costs, as well as the market value of the completed project and the effects of governmental regulation of real property, it is relatively difficult to evaluate accurately the total funds required to complete a project and the related loan-to-value ratio. In addition, generally during the term of a construction loan, interest may be funded by the borrower or disbursed from an interest reserve set aside from the construction loan budget. These loans often involve the disbursement of substantial funds with repayment substantially dependent on the success of the ultimate project and the ability of the borrower to sell or lease the property or obtain permanent take-out financing, rather than the ability of the borrower or guarantor to repay principal and interest. If the appraised value of a completed project proves to be overstated, we may have inadequate security for the repayment of the loan upon completion of construction of the project and may incur a loss. Land loans have substantially similar risks. Balloon Loans. Although balloon mortgage loans may reduce to an extent our vulnerability to changes in market interest rates because they reprice at the end of the term, the ability of the borrower to renew or repay the loan and the marketability of the underlying collateral may be adversely affected if the value of the real estate or other collateral decline before the expiration of the term of the loan or if there is a rising interest rate environment. Consumer Loans. Consumer loans may entail greater risk than residential real estate loans, particularly in the case of consumer loans that are unsecured or secured by assets that depreciate rapidly. Repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment for the outstanding loan and a small remaining deficiency often does not warrant further substantial collection efforts against the borrower. Consumer loan collections depend on the borrower s continuing financial stability, and therefore are likely to be adversely affected by various factors, including job loss, divorce, illness or personal bankruptcy. Furthermore, the application of various federal and state laws, including federal and state bankruptcy and insolvency laws, may limit the amount that can be recovered on such loans. Loan Originations, Purchases and Sales We originate loans through employee marketing and advertising efforts, our existing customer base, walk-in customers and referrals from customers. We generally do not sell the loans we originate, but retain them in our loan portfolio. At June 30, 2023, our largest purchased participation interest had an outstanding balance of 4.5 million, representing a 16 participation interest in a 28.0 million commercial construction loan to construct a 240-unit market rate apartment complex in West Lafayette, Indiana, none of which had been dispersed at June 30, 2023. Loan Approval Procedures and Authority Our lending is subject to written, non-discriminatory underwriting standards and origination procedures. Decisions on loan applications are made on the basis of detailed applications submitted by the prospective borrower and property valuations. Our policies require that for all real estate loans that we originate, property valuations must be performed by outside independent state-licensed appraisers approved by our board of directors. The loan applications are 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 designed primarily to determine the borrower s ability to repay the requested loan, and the more significant items on the application are verified through use of credit reports, financial statements and tax returns. By law, the aggregate amount of loans that we are permitted to make to any one borrower or a group of related borrowers is generally limited to 15 of Van Wert Federal s unimpaired capital and surplus (25 if the amount in excess of 15 is secured by readily marketable collateral or 30 for certain residential development loans). At June 30, 2023, our largest credit relationship to one borrower had an outstanding balance of 3.0 million and is secured by commercial and residential real estate. At June 30, 2023, this loan was performing according to its original terms. We have a Management Loan Committee for consumer loans, which consists of our Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, Senior Lending Officer, and various lending staff. The Management Loan Committee may approve all loans up to 350,000. All loans that exceed this limit are reviewed by the Management Loan Committee and, if approved following the review, are submitted to the Board of Directors for final approval. Generally, we require property and extended coverage casualty insurance in amounts at least equal to the principal amount of the loan or the value of improvements on the property, depending on the type of loan. In addition, we require an escrow for flood insurance (where appropriate) and generally require an escrow for required property taxes and insurance. On occasion, we allow borrowers to pay their own taxes and property and casualty insurance as long as proof of payment is provided. We have a separate policy for commercial loans wherein loans up to 500,000 are approved by the Senior Lending Officer and Chief Risk Officer. Loans over 500,000 up to 1,000,000 are approved by the Commercial Loan Committee consisting of the President and CEO and two outside loan committee members with over a combined 60 years of commercial lending experience. All commercial loans over 1.0 million are approved by the full board. Delinquencies, Classified Assets and Nonperforming Assets Delinquency Procedures. When a borrower fails to make a required monthly payment on a loan, we mail a notice to the borrower and attempt to contact the borrower by phone. All delinquent loans are reported to the board of directors each month. After 90 days delinquent the loan is transferred to the appropriate collections personnel. Our policies provide that a late notice be sent each month that the loan is past due. Once the loan is considered in default, generally at 90 days past due, a letter is generally sent to the borrower explaining that the entire balance of the loan is due and payable, the loan is placed on non-accrual status, and additional efforts are made to contact the borrower. If the borrower does not respond, we generally initiate foreclosure proceedings when the loan is 120 days past due. If the loan is reinstated, foreclosure proceedings will be discontinued and the borrower will be permitted to continue to make payments. In certain instances, we may modify the loan or grant a limited exemption from loan payments to allow the borrower to reorganize his or her financial affairs. When we acquire real estate as a result of foreclosure or by deed in lieu of foreclosure, the real estate is classified as other real estate owned until it is sold. The real estate is recorded at estimated fair value at the date of acquisition, less estimated costs to sell, and any write-down resulting from the acquisition is charged to the allowance for loan losses. Subsequent decreases in the value of the property are charged to operations. After acquisition, all costs in maintaining the property are expensed as incurred. Costs relating to the development and improvement of the property, however, are capitalized to the extent of estimated fair value less estimated costs to sell. At June 30, 2023, we had no real estate acquired as a result of foreclosure or by deed in lieu of foreclosure. Troubled Debt Restructurings. We occasionally modify loans to extend the term or make other concessions to help a borrower stay current on his or her loan and to avoid foreclosure. We consider modifications only after analyzing the borrower s current repayment capacity, evaluating the strength of any guarantors based on documented current financial information, and assessing the current value of any collateral pledged. We generally do not forgive principal or interest on loans, but may do so if it is in our best interest and increases the likelihood that we can collect the remaining principal balance. We may modify the terms of loans to lower interest rates (which may be at below market rates), to provide for fixed interest rates on loans where fixed rates are otherwise not available, to provide for longer amortization schedules, or to provide for interest-only terms. These modifications are made only when a workout plan has been 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 agreed to by the borrower that we believe is reasonable and attainable and in our best interests. At June 30, 2023, we had a commercial real estate loan which was classified as a troubled debt restructuring, with an outstanding balance of 38,000. Delinquent Loans . The following table sets forth our loan delinquencies, including non-accrual loans, by type and amount at the dates indicated. 

At June 30, 2023 2022 30-59 60-89 90 Days 30-59 60-89 90 Days Days Days or More Days Days or More Past Due Past Due Past Due Past Due Past Due Past Due (In thousands) Real estate loans: Commercial real estate Residential real estate 616 117 90 217 Multifamily Agricultural real estate Construction and land Home equity lines of credit (HELOC) Commercial and industrial loans Consumer loans Total 616 117 90 217 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Non-Performing Assets. The following table sets forth information regarding our non-performing assets at the dates indicated. Non-accrual loans, including non-accruing troubled debt restructurings, totaled 304,000 and 226,000 at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. 

At June 30, 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Non-accrual loans: Real estate loans: Commercial Residential 304 226 Agricultural Construction and land Commercial and industrial loans Home equity lines of credit (HELOC) Consumer Total non-accrual loans 304 226 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more: Real estate loans: Commercial Residential 134 Agricultural Construction and land Commercial and industrial loans Home equity line of credit (HELOC) Consumer Total accruing loans past due 90 days or more 134 Total nonperforming loans 304 360 Real estate owned Other nonperforming assets Total non-performing assets 304 360 Troubled debt restructurings: Commercial Residential Agricultural Construction and land 38 40 Commercial and industrial loans Home equity lines of credit (HELOC) Consumer Total troubled debt restructurings 38 40 Total non-performing loans to total loans 0.34 0.44 Total non-performing loans to total assets 0.18 0.24 Total non-performing assets to total assets 0.18 0.24 Total non-performing loans and troubled debt restructurings to total loans 0.38 0.49 Total non-performing loans and troubled debt restructurings to total assets 0.21 0.27 Classified Assets . Federal regulations provide that loans and other assets of lesser quality should be classified as substandard, doubtful or loss. An asset is considered substandard if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Substandard assets include those 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 characterized by the distinct possibility that the insured institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. Assets classified as doubtful have all of the weaknesses inherent in those classified substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses present make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. Assets classified as loss are those considered uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as assets without the establishment of a specific allowance for loan losses is not warranted. Assets that do not currently expose the insured institution to sufficient risk to warrant classification in one of the aforementioned categories but possess weaknesses are designated as special mention. When an insured institution classifies problem assets as either substandard or doubtful, it may establish general allowances in an amount deemed prudent by management to cover losses that were both probable and reasonable to estimate. General allowances represent allowances which have been established to cover accrued losses associated with lending activities that were both probable and reasonable to estimate, but which, unlike specific allowances, have not been allocated to particular problem assets. When an insured institution classifies problem assets as loss, it is required either to establish a specific allowance for losses equal to 100 of that portion of the asset so classified or to charge-off such amount. An institution s determination as to the classification of its assets and the amount of its valuation allowances is subject to review by the regulatory authorities, which may require the establishment of additional general or specific allowances. In connection with the filing of our periodic regulatory reports and according to our classification of assets policy, we regularly review the problem loans in our portfolio to determine whether any loans require classification according to applicable regulations. If a problem loan deteriorates in asset quality, the classification is changed to substandard, doubtful or loss depending on the circumstances and the evaluation. Generally, loans 90 days or more past due are placed on nonaccrual status and classified substandard. Our classified and special mention assets at the dates indicated were as follows: 

At June 30, 2023 2022 (In thousands) Classified Assets: Substandard 38 123 Doubtful 29 Loss Total 67 123 Special mention 38 63 Other Loans of Concern. At June 30, 2023, except for loans included in the above table, there were no other loans of concern for which we had information about possible credit problems of borrowers that caused us to have serious doubts about the ability of the borrowers to comply with present loan repayment terms and that may result in disclosure of such loans in the future. Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level which, in management s judgment, is adequate to absorb probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio. The amount of the allowance is based on management s evaluation of the collectability of the loan portfolio, including the nature of the portfolio, credit concentrations, trends in historical loss experience, specific impaired loans, and economic conditions. Allowances for impaired loans are generally determined based on collateral values or the present value of estimated cash flows. Because of uncertainties associated with regional economic conditions, collateral values, and future cash flows on impaired loans, it is reasonably possible that management s estimate of probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio and the related allowance may change materially in the near-term. The allowance is increased by a provision for loan losses, which is charged to expense and reduced by full and partial charge-offs, net of recoveries. Changes in the allowance relating to impaired loans are charged or credited to the provision for loan losses. Management s periodic evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 is based on various factors, including, but not limited to, management s ongoing review and grading of loans, facts and issues related to specific loans, historical loan loss and delinquency experience, trends in past due and non-accrual loans, existing risk characteristics of specific loans or loan pools, the fair value of underlying collateral, current economic conditions and other qualitative and quantitative factors which could affect potential credit losses. The Company has decided to increase its allowance for loan and lease losses for commercial loans due to the increased focus on this type of lending. Historic measures of the Bank do not reflect this risk, so regional data on banks is used in determining this allowance amount. This will lead to higher provision costs in the next several years as this allowance for loan losses is built. As an integral part of their examination process, the OCC will periodically review our allowance for loan and losses, and as a result of such reviews, we may determine to adjust our allowance for loan losses. However, the OCC is not directly involved in the process for establishing the allowance for loan losses as the process is our responsibility and any increase or decrease in the allowance is the responsibility of management. The following table sets forth activity in our allowance for loan and lease losses for the periods indicated. 

At or For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 (Dollars in thousands) Allowance for loan and lease losses at beginning of year 223 223 Provision for loan losses 40 Charge-offs: Real estate loans: Commercial Residential Agricultural Construction and land Commercial and industrial loans Home equity lines of credit (HELOC) Consumer loans Total charge-offs Recoveries: Real estate loans: Commercial Residential Agricultural Construction and land Commercial and industrial loans Home equity lines of credit (HELOC) Consumer loans Total recoveries Net (charge-offs) recoveries Allowance for loan losses at end of year 263 223 Allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans at end of year 86.62 62.04 Allowance for loan losses to total loans outstanding at end of year 0.29 0.27 Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans outstanding during the year 0.00 0.00 Allocation of Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses. The following tables set forth the allowance for loan losses allocated by loan category and the percent of the allowance in each category to the total allocated allowance at the 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 dates indicated. The allowance for loan losses allocated to each category is not necessarily indicative of future losses in any particular category and does not restrict the use of the allowance to absorb losses in other categories. 

At June 30, 2023 2022 Percent of Percent of Percent of Percent of Allowance to Loans in Allowance to Loans in Total Category to Total Category to Amount Allowance Total Loans Amount Allowance Total Loans (Dollars in thousands) Real estate loans: Commercial 27 10.4 6.7 21 9.3 6.2 Residential 168 63.7 73.4 178 79.8 79.8 Multifamily 2 0.7 0.8 2 0.9 0.9 Agricultural 17 6.5 4.5 14 6.2 4.2 Construction and land 12 4.7 9.5 5 2.5 7.3 Home equity lines of credit (HELOC) 35 13.2 0.4 1 0.6 0.3 Commercial and industrial loans 1 0.3 3.8 1 0.3 0 Consumer 1 0.5 0.9 1 0.5 0.9 Total allocated allowance 263 100 100 223 100 100 Unallocated allowance Total allowance for loan losses 263 223 Although we believe that we use the best information available to establish the allowance for loan losses, future adjustments to the allowance for loan losses may be necessary and results of operations could be adversely affected if circumstances differ substantially from the assumptions used in making the determinations. Because future events affecting borrowers and collateral cannot be predicted with certainty, the existing allowance for loan losses may not be adequate and management may determine that increases in the allowance are necessary if the quality of any portion of our loan portfolio deteriorates as a result. Furthermore, as an integral part of its examination process, the OCC will periodically review our allowance for loan losses. The OCC may have judgments different than those of management, and we may determine to increase our allowance as a result of these regulatory reviews. Any material increase in the allowance for loan losses may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Investment Activities General . The goals of our investment policy is to maximize portfolio yield over the long term in a manner that is consistent with minimizing risk, meeting liquidity needs, meeting pledging requirements, and meeting asset/liability management and interest rate risk strategies. Subject to loan demand and our interest rate risk analysis, we expect to increase the balance of our investment securities portfolio when we have excess liquidity. Our investment policy was adopted by the board of directors and is reviewed annually by the board of directors. All investment decisions are made by our Asset/Liability Committee according to board-approved policies. An investment schedule detailing the investment portfolio is reviewed at least monthly by the board of directors. Our current investment policy permits, with certain limitations, investments in: U.S. Treasury securities; securities issued by the U.S. government and its agencies or government sponsored enterprises including mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations issued by Fannie Mae, Ginnie Mae, and Freddie Mac; corporate and municipal bonds; asset-backed securities; certificates of deposit in other financial institutions; federal funds and money market funds, among other investments. At June 30, 2023, our investment portfolio consisted of securities and obligations issued by U.S. government-sponsored enterprises as well as state and municipal securities. At June 30, 2023, we also owned 397,000 of Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati stock. As a member of Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, we are required to purchase stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, which is carried at cost and classified as a restricted investment. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 At June 30, 2023, all of our investment securities are carried at fair value through accumulated other comprehensive income. For additional information regarding our investment securities portfolio, see Note 3 to the notes to financial statements. Sources of Funds General. Deposits have traditionally been our primary source of funds for use in lending and investment activities. We may also use borrowings to supplement cash flow needs, lengthen the maturities of liabilities for interest rate risk purposes and to manage the cost of funds. In addition, we receive funds from scheduled loan payments, investment maturities, loan prepayments, retained earnings and income on earning assets. While scheduled loan payments and income on earning assets are relatively stable sources of funds, deposit inflows and outflows can vary widely and are influenced by prevailing interest rates, market conditions and levels of competition. Deposits. Our deposits are generated primarily from our primary market area. We offer a selection of deposit accounts, including savings accounts, checking accounts, certificates of deposit and individual retirement accounts. Deposit account terms vary, with the principal differences being the minimum balance required, the amount of time the funds must remain on deposit and the interest rate. Interest rates paid, maturity terms, service fees and withdrawal penalties are established on a periodic basis. Deposit rates and terms are based primarily on current operating strategies and market rates, liquidity requirements, rates paid by competitors and growth goals. We rely upon personalized customer service, long-standing relationships with customers, and our favorable reputation in the community to attract and retain local deposits. We also seek to obtain deposits from our commercial loan customers. The flow of deposits is influenced significantly by general economic conditions, changes in money market and other prevailing interest rates and competition. The variety of deposit accounts offered allows us to be competitive in obtaining funds and responding to changes in consumer demand. Based on experience, we believe that our deposits are relatively stable. However, the ability to attract and maintain deposits and the rates paid on these deposits, has been and will continue to be significantly affected by market conditions. The Company chose to utilize brokered deposits in March of 2023 to ensure appropriate liquidity during an uncertain banking environment. While the Company did slightly increase deposits during this period, given uncertainty of liquidity in the banking industry and to manage interest rate risk, these deposits will continue to be utilized. These totaled 10.1 million at June 30, 2023. The following table sets forth the distribution of total deposits, by account type, at the dates indicated. 

At June 30, 2023 2022 Average Average Amount Percent Rate Amount Percent Rate (Dollars in thousands) Noninterest-bearing demand deposits 3,247 2.7 2,554 2.3 Interest-bearing demand deposits 23,304 19.4 0.99 23,483 21.4 0.01 Savings deposits 42,020 35.0 0.51 48,736 44.3 0.02 Certificates of deposit 51,420 42.9 1.74 35,217 32.0 0.75 Total 119,991 100.0 1.08 109,990 100.0 0.25 At June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the aggregate amount of all uninsured deposits (deposits in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance limit of 250,000 per account) was 23.0 million and 21.9 million, respectively. At June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the aggregate amount of all uninsured certificates of deposit was 5.7 million and 3.1 million, 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 respectively. At June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, we had no deposits that were uninsured for any reason other than being in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limit. The following table sets forth the maturity of our uninsured certificates of deposit at June 30, 2023. 

At June 30, 2023 (In thousands) Maturity Period: Three months or less Over three months through six months 937 Over six months through 12 months 1,068 Over 12 months 3,711 Total 5,716 Borrowings . We may obtain advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati upon the security of our capital stock in it and our one- to four-family residential real estate portfolio. We may utilize these advances for asset/liability management purposes and for additional funding for our operations. Such advances may be made under several different credit programs, each of which has its own interest rate and range of maturities. At June 30, 2022, we had outstanding advances of 6.2 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati. At June 30, 2023, based on available collateral and our ownership of Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati common stock, we had access to up to an additional 38.9 million of advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati. We also enrolled to participate in the Bank Term funding Program created on March 12, 2023 by the Federal Reserve. Any amounts drawn can be refinanced at any time with a term of one year from the date of the initial draw or one year from the latest date of refinancing, whichever is later. The program is set to end on March 11, 2024. Thus, the longest term available would be through March 10, 2025. At June 30, 2023 we had not pledged any collateral to the program but eligible collateral available to pledge was approximately 27.1 million, creating an additional ability to draw of the same amount. Personnel As of June 30, 2023, we had 26 full-time employees and 1 part-time employee. Our employees are not represented by any collective bargaining group. Management believes that we have good working relations with our employees. Subsidiary Activities Van Wert Federal is the wholly-owned subsidiary of VWF Bancorp. Van Wert Federal has no subsidiaries. Regulation and Supervision General As a federal savings association (the term savings association includes a federal savings bank), Van Wert Federal is subject to examination and regulation by the OCC, and is also subject to examination by the FDIC. This regulation and supervision establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which an institution may engage and is intended primarily for the protection of the FDIC s deposit insurance fund and depositors, and not for the protection of security holders. Van Wert Federal also is a member of and owns stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, which is one of the 11 regional banks in the Federal Home Loan Bank System. Under this system of regulation, the regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory, enforcement, rulemaking and examination activities and policies, including rules or policies that: establish minimum capital levels; restrict the timing and amount of dividend payments; govern the classification of assets; 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 determine the adequacy of loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes; and establish the timing and amounts of assessments and fees. Moreover, as part of their examination authority, the banking regulators assign numerical ratings to banks and savings institutions relating to capital, asset quality, management, liquidity, earnings and other factors. The receipt of a less than satisfactory rating in one or more categories may result in enforcement action by the banking regulators against a financial institution. A less than satisfactory rating may also prevent a financial institution, such as Van Wert Federal or its holding company, from obtaining necessary regulatory approvals to access the capital markets, pay dividends, acquire other financial institutions or establish new branches. In addition, we must comply with significant anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws and regulations, Community Reinvestment Act laws and regulations, and fair lending laws and regulations. Government agencies have the authority to impose monetary penalties and other sanctions on institutions that fail to comply with these laws and regulations, which could significantly affect our business activities, including our ability to acquire other financial institutions or expand our branch network. VWF Bancorp is a savings and loan holding company subject to the rules and regulations of the Federal Reserve Board. It is required to file certain reports with the Federal Reserve Board and is subject to examination by the enforcement authority of the Federal Reserve Board. VWF Bancorp is also subject to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the federal securities laws. Effective June 23, 2023, the Bank elected to operate as a covered savings association (CSA). A CSA has the same rights and privileges as a national bank that has its main office situated in the same location as the home office of the CSA and is subject to the same duties, restrictions, penalties, liabilities, conditions, and limitations that would apply to such a national bank. Any change in applicable laws or regulations, whether by the OCC, the FDIC, the Federal Reserve Board or Congress, could have a material adverse impact on the operations and financial performance of VWF Bancorp and Van Wert Federal. Set forth below is a brief description of material regulatory requirements that are applicable to Van Wert Federal and VWF Bancorp. The description is limited to certain material aspects of the statutes and regulations addressed, and is not intended to be a complete description of such statutes and regulations and their effects on Van Wert Federal and VWF Bancorp. Federal Banking Regulation Business Activities. A federal association derives its lending and investment powers from the Home Owners Loan Act, as amended, and applicable federal regulations. Under these laws and regulations, Van Wert Federal may invest in mortgage loans secured by residential and commercial real estate, commercial business and consumer loans, certain types of debt securities and certain other assets, subject to applicable limits. Van Wert Federal may also establish subsidiaries that may engage in certain activities not otherwise permissible for Van Wert Federal to engage in directly, including real estate investment and securities and insurance brokerage. Capital Requirements . Federal regulations require federally insured depository institutions to meet several minimum capital standards: a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 6.0 , a total capital to risk-weighted assets of 8.0 , and a 4.0 Tier 1 capital to adjusted average total assets leverage ratio. Common equity Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common stockholders equity and retained earnings. Tier 1 capital is generally defined as common equity Tier 1 and additional Tier 1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital includes certain noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. Total capital includes Tier 1 capital (common equity Tier 1 capital plus additional Tier 1 capital) and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital is comprised of capital instruments and related surplus, meeting specified requirements, and may include cumulative preferred stock and long-term perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities, intermediate preferred stock and subordinated debt. Also included in Tier 2 capital is the allowance for loan losses limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets and, for institutions that have exercised an opt-out election regarding the treatment of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income AOCI ), up to 45 of net 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 unrealized gains on available-for-sale equity securities with readily determinable fair market values. Institutions that have not exercised the AOCI opt-out have AOCI incorporated into common equity Tier 1 capital (including unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale-securities). Van Wert Federal exercised its AOCI opt-out election. Calculation of all types of regulatory capital is subject to deductions and adjustments specified in the regulations. In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets for purposes of calculating risk-based capital ratios, all assets, including certain off-balance sheet assets e.g. , recourse obligations, direct credit substitutes, residual interests) are multiplied by a risk weight factor assigned by the regulations based on the risks believed inherent in the type of asset. Higher levels of capital are required for asset categories believed to present greater risk. For example, a risk weight of 0 is assigned to cash and U.S. government securities, a risk weight of 50 is generally assigned to prudently underwritten first lien one- to four-family residential real estate loans, a risk weight of 100 is assigned to commercial and consumer loans, a risk weight of 150 is assigned to certain past due loans and a risk weight of between 0 to 600 is assigned to permissible equity interests, depending on certain specified factors. In addition to establishing the minimum regulatory capital requirements, the regulations limit capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to management if the institution does not hold a capital conservation buffer consisting of 2.5 of common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets above the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital requirements. The capital conservation buffer requirement was phased in beginning January 1, 2016 at 0.625 of risk-weighted assets and increasing each year until fully implemented at 2.5 of risk-weighted assets on January 1, 2019. The federal banking agencies have developed a Community Bank Leverage Ratio (CBLR) (the ratio of Tier 1 capital to average total consolidated assets) for financial institutions with assets of less than 10 billion that meet certain qualifying criteria. A qualifying community bank that exceeds this ratio will be deemed compliant with all other capital requirements, including the capital requirements to be considered well capitalized under Prompt Corrective Action statutes. The federal banking agencies may consider a financial institution s risk profile when evaluating whether it qualifies as a community bank for purposes of the capital ratio requirement. The federal banking agencies must set the minimum Community Bank Leverage Ratio at not less than 8 and not more than 10 , and as of January 1, 2023, it is set at 9 . Van Wert Federal has elected to be subject to the CBLR framework. At June 30, 2023, Van Wert Federal s CBLR was 20.57 . Loans-to-One Borrower. Generally, a federal savings association may not make a loan or extend credit to a single or related group of borrowers in excess of 15 of unimpaired capital and surplus. An additional amount may be loaned, equal to 10 of unimpaired capital and surplus, if the loan is secured by readily marketable collateral, which generally does not include real estate. At June 30, 2023, Van Wert Federal complied with the loans-to-one borrower limitations. Qualified Thrift Lender Test. Prior to its CSA election, Van Wert Federal had to satisfy the qualified thrift lender, or QTL, test. Under the QTL test, it must maintain at least 65 of its portfolio assets in qualified thrift investments (primarily residential mortgages and related investments, including mortgage-backed securities) in at least nine months of the most recent 12-month period. Portfolio assets generally means total assets of a savings association, less the sum of specified liquid assets up to 20 of total assets, goodwill and other intangible assets, and the value of property used in the conduct of the savings association s business. Van Wert Federal also may satisfy the QTL test by qualifying as a domestic building and loan association as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. This test generally requires a savings association to have at least 75 of its deposits held by the public and earn at least 25 of its income from loans and U.S. government obligations. Alternatively, a savings association can satisfy this test by maintaining at least 60 of its assets in cash, real estate loans and U.S. Government or state obligations. A savings association that fails the qualified thrift lender test must operate under specified restrictions set forth in the Home Owners Loan Act. The Dodd-Frank Act made noncompliance with the QTL test subject to agency enforcement action for a violation of law. At June 30, 2023, Van Wert Federal complied with the qualified thrift lender 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 test, with a percentage of qualified thrift investments to total assets of approximately 80.0 . Beginning on June 23, 2023, Van Wert Federal no longer had to follow the qualified thrift lender test. Capital Distributions. Federal regulations govern capital distributions by a federal savings association, which include cash dividends, stock repurchases and other transactions charged to its capital account. A federal savings association must file an application with the OCC for approval of a capital distribution if: the total capital distributions for the applicable calendar year exceed the sum of the savings association s net income for that year to date plus its retained net income for the preceding two years; the savings association would not be at least adequately capitalized following the distribution; the distribution would violate any applicable statute, regulation, agreement or regulatory condition; or the savings association is not eligible for expedited treatment of its filings, generally due to an unsatisfactory CAMELS rating or being subject to a cease and desist order or formal written agreement that requires action to improve the institution s financial condition. 
 Even if an application is not otherwise required, every savings association that is a subsidiary of a savings and loan holding company, such as Van Wert Federal, must still file a notice with the Federal Reserve Board at least 30 days before the board of directors declares a dividend or approves a capital distribution. A notice or application related to a capital distribution may be disapproved if: the savings association would be undercapitalized following the distribution; the proposed capital distribution raises safety and soundness concerns; or the capital distribution would violate a prohibition contained in any statute, regulation or agreement. 
 In addition, an insured depository institution may not make any capital distribution if, after making such distribution, the institution would fail to meet any applicable regulatory capital requirement. A federal savings association also may not make a capital distribution that would reduce its regulatory capital below the amount required for the liquidation account established in connection with its conversion to stock form. Community Reinvestment Act and Fair Lending Laws. All federal savings associations have a responsibility under the Community Reinvestment Act and related regulations to help meet the credit needs of their communities, including low- and moderate-income borrowers. In connection with its examination of a federal savings association, the OCC is required to assess the federal savings association s record of compliance with the Community Reinvestment Act. A savings association s failure to comply with the provisions of the Community Reinvestment Act could, at a minimum, result in denial of certain corporate applications such as branches or mergers, or in restrictions on its activities. In addition, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act prohibit lenders from discriminating in their lending practices on the basis of characteristics specified in those statutes. The failure to comply with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act could result in enforcement actions by the OCC, as well as other federal regulatory agencies and the Department of Justice. The Community Reinvestment Act requires all institutions insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to publicly disclose their rating. Van Wert Federal received a satisfactory Community Reinvestment Act rating in its most recent federal examination. Transactions with Related Parties. A federal savings association s authority to engage in transactions with its affiliates is limited by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and federal regulations. An affiliate is generally a company that controls, or is under common control with, an insured depository institution such as Van Wert Federal. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 VWF Bancorp is an affiliate of Van Wert Federal because of its control of Van Wert Federal. In general, transactions between an insured depository institution and its affiliates are subject to certain quantitative limits and collateral requirements. In addition, federal regulations prohibit a savings association from lending to any of its affiliates that are engaged in activities that are not permissible for bank holding companies and from purchasing the securities of any affiliate, other than a subsidiary. Finally, transactions with affiliates must be consistent with safe and sound banking practices, not involve the purchase of low-quality assets and be on terms that are as favorable to the institution as comparable transactions with non-affiliates. Van Wert Federal s authority to extend credit to its directors, executive officers and 10 stockholders, as well as to entities controlled by such persons, is currently governed by the requirements of Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation O of the Federal Reserve Board. Among other things, these provisions generally require that extensions of credit to insiders: be made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than, those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons and that do not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features; and not exceed certain limitations on the amount of credit extended to such persons, individually and in the aggregate, which limits are based, in part, on the amount of Van Wert Federal s capital. 
 In addition, extensions of credit in excess of certain limits must be approved by Van Wert Federal s board of directors. Extensions of credit to executive officers are subject to additional limits based on the type of extension involved. Enforcement. The OCC has primary enforcement responsibility over federal savings associations and has authority to bring enforcement action against all institution-affiliated parties, including directors, officers, stockholders, attorneys, appraisers and accountants who knowingly or recklessly participate in wrongful action likely to have an adverse effect on a federal savings association. Formal enforcement action by the OCC may range from the issuance of a capital directive or cease and desist order to removal of officers and/or directors of the institution and the appointment of a receiver or conservator. Civil penalties cover a wide range of violations and actions, and range up to 25,000 per day, unless a finding of reckless disregard is made, in which case penalties may be as high as 1 million per day. The FDIC also has the authority to terminate deposit insurance or recommend to the OCC that enforcement action be taken with respect to a particular savings association. If such action is not taken, the FDIC has authority to take the action under specified circumstances. Standards for Safety and Soundness. Federal law requires each federal banking agency to prescribe certain standards for all insured depository institutions. These standards relate to, among other things, internal controls, information systems and audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate risk exposure, asset growth, compensation and other operational and managerial standards as the agency deems appropriate. Interagency guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. If the appropriate federal banking agency determines that an institution fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the agency may require the institution to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. If an institution fails to meet these standards, the appropriate federal banking agency may require the institution to implement an acceptable compliance plan. Failure to implement such a plan can result in further enforcement action, including the issuance of a cease and desist order or the imposition of civil money penalties. Interstate Banking and Branching. Federal law permits well capitalized and well managed holding companies to acquire banks in any state, subject to Federal Reserve Board approval, certain concentration limits and other specified conditions. Interstate mergers of banks are also authorized, subject to regulatory approval and other specified conditions. In addition, among other things, amendments made by the Dodd-Frank Act permit banks to establish de novo branches on an interstate basis provided that branching is authorized by the law of the host state for the banks chartered by that state. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Prompt Corrective Action. Federal law requires, among other things, that federal bank regulators take prompt corrective action with respect to institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. For this purpose, the law establishes five capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. Under the regulations, as amended effective January 1, 2015 to incorporate the previously mentioned amendments to the regulatory capital requirements, an institution is deemed to be well capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 5.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5 or greater. An institution is adequately capitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 or greater, a leverage ratio of 4.0 or greater and a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 4.5 or greater. An institution is undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 8.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 4.0 or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 4.5 . An institution is deemed to be significantly undercapitalized if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0 , a leverage ratio of less than 3.0 or a common equity Tier 1 ratio of less than 3.0 . An institution is considered to be critically undercapitalized if it has a ratio of tangible equity (as defined in the regulations) to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 . Federal law and regulations also specify circumstances under which a federal banking agency may reclassify a well-capitalized institution as adequately capitalized and may require an institution classified as less than well capitalized to comply with supervisory actions as if it were in the next lower category. The OCC may order savings associations that have insufficient capital to take corrective actions. For example, a savings association that is categorized as undercapitalized is subject to growth limitations and is required to submit a capital restoration plan, and a holding company that controls such a savings association is required to guarantee that the savings association complies with the restoration plan. A significantly undercapitalized savings association may be subject to additional restrictions. Savings associations deemed by the OCC to be critically undercapitalized would be subject to the appointment of a receiver or conservator. At June 30, 2023, Van Wert Federal met the criteria for being considered well capitalized. In addition, as set forth above, a qualifying community bank, such as Van Wert Federal, that exceeds the Community Bank Leverage Ratio is considered well capitalized under the Prompt Corrective Action statutes. Van Wert Federal has elected to be subject to the Community Bank Leverage Ratio framework. At June 30, 2023, Van Wert Federal exceeded the required Community Bank Leverage Ratio. Insurance of Deposit Accounts. Van Wert Federal is a member of the Deposit Insurance Fund, which is administered by the FDIC. Its deposit accounts are insured by the FDIC, generally up to a maximum of 250,000 per depositor. The FDIC imposes deposit insurance assessments against all insured depository institutions. An institution s assessment rate depends upon the perceived risk of the institution to the Deposit Insurance Fund, with institutions deemed less risky paying lower rates. Currently, assessments for institutions of less than 10 billion of total assets are based on financial measures and supervisory ratings derived from statistical models estimating the probability of failure within three years. That system was effective July 1, 2016 and replaced a system under which each institution was assigned to a risk category. Assessment rates (inclusive of possible adjustments) currently range from 1.5 to 30 basis points of each institution s total assets less tangible capital. The current scale, also effective July 1, 2016, is a reduction from the previous range of 2.5 to 45 basis points. The FDIC may increase or decrease the range of assessments uniformly, except that no adjustment can deviate more than two basis points from the base assessment rate without notice and comment rulemaking. The existing system represents a change, required by the Dodd-Frank Act, from the FDIC s prior practice of basing the assessment on an institution s aggregate deposits. The FDIC has the authority to increase insurance assessments. A significant increase in insurance premiums would have an adverse effect on the operating expenses and results of operations of Van Wert Federal. We cannot predict what deposit insurance assessment rates will be in the future. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that an institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. We do not know of any practice, condition or violation that might lead to termination of deposit insurance for Van Wert Federal. Privacy Regulations. Federal regulations generally require that Van Wert Federal disclose its privacy policy, including identifying with whom it shares a customer s non-public personal information, to customers at the time of establishing the customer relationship and annually thereafter. In addition, Van Wert Federal is required to provide its customers with the ability to opt-out of having their personal information shared with unaffiliated third parties and not to disclose account numbers or access codes to non-affiliated third parties for marketing purposes. Van Wert Federal has a privacy protection policy in place and believes that such policy is in compliance with the regulations. USA Patriot Act. Van Wert Federal is subject to the USA PATRIOT Act, which gives federal agencies additional powers to address terrorist threats through enhanced domestic security measures, expanded surveillance powers, increased information sharing, and broadened anti-money laundering requirements. The USA PATRIOT Act contains provisions intended to encourage information sharing among bank regulatory agencies and law enforcement bodies and imposes affirmative obligations on financial institutions, such as enhanced recordkeeping and customer identification requirements. Prohibitions Against Tying Arrangements . Federal savings associations are prohibited, subject to some exceptions, from extending credit to or offering any other service, or fixing or varying the consideration for such extension of credit or service, on the condition that the customer obtain some additional service from the institution or its affiliates or not obtain services of a competitor of the institution. Other Regulations Interest and other charges collected or contracted for by Van Wert Federal are subject to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates. Loan operations are also subject to state and federal laws applicable to credit transactions, such as the: Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in extending credit; Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1978, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies; and Rules and regulations of the various federal and state agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal and state laws. 
 The deposit operations of Van Wert Federal also are subject to, among others, the: Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act (also known as Check 21 ), which gives substitute checks, such as digital check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check; and 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank System Van Wert Federal is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, which is one of 11 regional Federal Home Loan Banks in the Federal Home Loan Bank System. The Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati provides a central credit facility primarily for its member institutions. Members of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati are required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati. Van Wert Federal complied with this requirement at June 30, 2023. Based on redemption provisions of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, the stock has no quoted market value and is carried at cost. Van Wert Federal reviews for impairment, based on the ultimate recoverability, the cost basis of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati stock. At June 30, 2023, no impairment has been recognized. Holding Company Regulation VWF Bancorp is a unitary savings and loan holding company subject to regulation and supervision by the Federal Reserve Board. The Federal Reserve Board has enforcement authority over VWF Bancorp and its non-savings institution subsidiaries. Among other things, this authority permits the Federal Reserve Board to restrict or prohibit activities that are determined to be a risk to Van Wert Federal. As a savings and loan holding company, VWF Bancorp s activities are limited to those activities permissible by law for financial holding companies (if VWF Bancorp makes an election to be treated as a financial holding company and meets the other requirements to be a financial holding company) or multiple savings and loan holding companies. VWF Bancorp does not intend to make an election to be treated as a financial holding company. A financial holding company may engage in activities that are financial in nature, incidental to financial activities or complementary to a financial activity. Such activities include lending and other activities permitted for bank holding companies under Section 4(c)(8) of the Bank Holding Company Act, insurance and underwriting equity securities. Multiple savings and loan holding companies are authorized to engage in activities specified by federal regulation, including activities permitted for bank holding companies under Section 4(c)(8) of the Bank Holding Company Act. Federal law prohibits a savings and loan holding company, directly or indirectly, or through one or more subsidiaries, from acquiring more than 5 of another savings institution or savings and loan holding company without prior written approval of the Federal Reserve Board, and from acquiring or retaining control of any depository institution not insured by the FDIC. In evaluating applications by holding companies to acquire savings institutions, the Federal Reserve Board must consider such things as the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the company and institution involved, the effect of the acquisition on and the risk to the federal deposit insurance fund, the convenience and needs of the community and competitive factors. A savings and loan holding company may not acquire a savings institution in another state and hold the target institution as a separate subsidiary unless it is a supervisory acquisition under Section 13(k) of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act or the law of the state in which the target is located authorizes such acquisitions by out-of-state companies. Savings and loan holding companies historically have not been subject to consolidated regulatory capital requirements. The Dodd-Frank Act requires the Federal Reserve Board to establish minimum consolidated capital requirements for all depository institution holding companies that are as stringent as those required for the insured depository subsidiaries. However, legislation was enacted in May 2018 that required the Federal Reserve Board to amend its Small Bank Holding Company exemption from consolidated holding company capital requirements to generally extend its applicability to bank and savings and loan holding companies of up to 3.0 billion in assets. Regulations implementing this amendment were effective in August 2018. Consequently, savings and loan holding companies of under 3.0 billion in consolidated assets remain exempt from consolidated regulatory capital requirements, unless the Federal Reserve determines otherwise in particular cases. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 The Dodd-Frank Act extended the source of strength doctrine to savings and loan holding companies. The Federal Reserve Board has promulgated regulations implementing the source of strength policy that require holding companies to act as a source of strength to their subsidiary depository institutions by providing capital, liquidity and other support in times of financial stress. The Federal Reserve Board has issued a policy statement regarding the payment of dividends and the repurchase of shares of common stock by bank holding companies and savings and loan holding companies. In general, the policy provides that dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the holding company appears consistent with the organization s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. Regulatory guidance provides for prior regulatory consultation with respect to capital distributions in certain circumstances such as where the company s net income for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid over that period, is insufficient to fully fund the dividend or the company s overall rate of earnings retention is inconsistent with the company s capital needs and overall financial condition. The ability of a holding company to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized. The policy statement also states that a holding company should inform the Federal Reserve Board supervisory staff before redeeming or repurchasing common stock or perpetual preferred stock if the holding company is experiencing financial weaknesses or if the repurchase or redemption would result in a net reduction, at the end of a quarter, in the amount of such equity instruments outstanding compared with the beginning of the quarter in which the redemption or repurchase occurred. These regulatory policies may affect the ability of VWF Bancorp to pay dividends, repurchase shares of common stock or otherwise engage in capital distributions. Prior to its CSA election, in order for VWF Bancorp to be regulated as savings and loan holding company by the Federal Reserve Board, rather than as a bank holding company, Van Wert Federal had to qualify as a qualified thrift lender under federal regulations or satisfy the domestic building and loan association test under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Under the qualified thrift lender test, a savings institution is required to maintain at least 65 of its portfolio assets (total assets less: (i) specified liquid assets up to 20 of total assets; (ii) intangible assets, including goodwill; and (iii) the value of property used to conduct business) in certain qualified thrift investments (primarily residential mortgages and related investments, including certain mortgage-backed and related securities) in at least nine out of each 12 month period. Beginning June 23, 2023, Van Wert Federal no longer had to follow the qualified thrift lender test. Federal Securities Laws VWF Bancorp common stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission. VWF Bancorp is subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading restrictions and other requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Shares of common stock purchased by persons who are not affiliates of VWF Bancorp may be resold without registration under the Securities Act of 1933. Shares purchased by an affiliate of VWF Bancorp are subject to the resale restrictions of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933. If VWF Bancorp meets the current public information requirements of Rule 144 under the Securities Act of 1933, each affiliate of VWF Bancorp that complies with the other conditions of Rule 144, including those that require the affiliate s sale to be aggregated with those of other persons, would be able to sell in the public market, without registration, a number of shares not to exceed, in any three-month period, the greater of 1 of the outstanding shares of VWF Bancorp, or the average weekly volume of trading in the shares during the preceding four calendar weeks. Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is intended to improve corporate responsibility, to provide for enhanced penalties for accounting and auditing improprieties at publicly traded companies and to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures required under the federal securities laws. We have policies, procedures and systems designed to comply with these regulations, and we review and document such policies, procedures and systems to ensure continued compliance with these regulations. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Change in Control Regulations Under the Change in Bank Control Act, a federal statute, no person may acquire control of a savings and loan holding company such as VWF Bancorp unless the Federal Reserve Board has been given 60 days prior written notice and has not issued a notice disapproving the proposed acquisition, taking into consideration certain factors, including the financial and managerial resources of the acquirer and the competitive effects of the acquisition. Control, as defined under federal law, means ownership, control of or holding irrevocable proxies representing more than 25 of any class of voting stock, control in any manner of the election of a majority of the institution s directors, or a determination by the regulator that the acquiror has the power, directly or indirectly, to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of the institution. Acquisition of more than 10 of any class of a savings and loan holding company s voting stock constitutes a rebuttable determination of control under the regulations under certain circumstances including where, as is the case with VWF Bancorp, the issuer has registered securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In addition, federal regulations provide that no company may acquire control of a savings and loan holding company without the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board. Any company that acquires such control becomes a savings and loan holding company subject to registration, examination and regulation by the Federal Reserve Board. Emerging Growth Company Status VWF Bancorp is an emerging growth company. For as long as it qualifies as an emerging growth company, it may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation. As an emerging growth company, VWF Bancorp is not subject to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which would require that our independent auditors audit our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, as an emerging growth company, we have elected to take advantage of the extended transition periods for adopting new or revised financial accounting standards until the date they are required to be adopted by private companies (however, if any new or revised financial accounting standards would not apply to private companies, we would not be able to delay their adoption). Accordingly, our financial statements may not be comparable to those of public companies that adopt new or revised financial accounting standards as of an earlier date. Investors may find our common stock less attractive since we have chosen to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the price of our common stock may be more volatile. VWF Bancorp will cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: (i) the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the conversion and offering; (ii) the first fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are 1.07 billion (adjusted for inflation) or more; (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; or (iv) the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded 700 million at the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year. We expect to lose our status as an emerging growth company effective June 30, 2027, which is the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion date of the Conversion. Taxation Federal Taxation General. VWF Bancorp and Van Wert Federal are subject to federal income taxation in the same general manner as other corporations, with some exceptions discussed below. The following discussion of federal taxation is intended only to summarize material federal income tax matters and is not a comprehensive description of the tax rules applicable to VWF Bancorp and Van Wert Federal. Method of Accounting. For federal income tax purposes, Van Wert Federal currently reports its income and expenses on the accrual method of accounting and uses a tax year ending December 31 for filing its federal income tax 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 returns. The Small Business Protection Act of 1996 eliminated the use of the reserve method of accounting for bad debt reserves by savings institutions, effective for taxable years beginning after 1995. Minimum Tax. The alternative minimum tax AMT for corporations has been repealed for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017. Any unused minimum tax credit of a corporation may be used to offset regular tax liability for any tax year. In addition, a portion of unused minimum tax credit was refundable in 2018 through 2021. The refundable portion is 100 for the tax years beginning after December 31, 2018 of the excess of the minimum tax credit for the year over any credit allowable against regular tax for that year. At June 30, 2023, Van Wert Federal had no minimum tax credit carryforward. Net Operating Loss Carryovers. Generally, a corporation may carry forward net operating losses generated in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 indefinitely and can offset up to 80 of taxable income. However, net operating losses generated in tax years beginning in 2018, 2019 and 2020 can be carried back five years and are 100 deductible for tax years ending in 2018, 2019 and 2020. At June 30, 2023, Van Wert Federal generated an NOL that will be carried forward. Capital Loss Carryovers. Generally, a corporation may carry back capital losses to the preceding three taxable years and forward to the succeeding five taxable years. Any capital loss carryback or carryover is treated as a short-term capital loss for the year to which it is carried. As such, it is grouped with any other capital losses for the year to which carried and is used to offset any capital gains. Any undeducted loss remaining after the five-year carryover period is not deductible. At June 30, 2023, Van Wert Federal had no capital loss carryovers. Corporate Dividends. VWF Bancorp may generally exclude from our income 100 of dividends received from Van Wert Federal as a member of the same affiliated group of corporations. Audit of Tax Returns. Van Wert Federal s federal income tax returns have not been audited in the most recent five-year period. State Taxation Van Wert Federal is subject to Ohio taxation in the same general manner as other financial institutions. In particular, Van Wert Federal files a consolidated Ohio Financial Institutions Tax FIT return. The FIT is based upon the net worth of the consolidated group. For Ohio FIT purposes, savings institutions are currently taxed at a rate equal to 0.8 of taxable net worth, capped at 14 of the institution s total assets. As a Maryland business corporation, VWF Bancorp is required to file an annual report with and pay personal property taxes to the State of Maryland. ITEM 1A. Risk Factors Not applicable, as VWF Bancorp is a smaller reporting company. ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. ITEM 2. Properties At June 30, 2023, the net book value of our properties (including furniture, fixtures and equipment) was 1.4 million. We operate from our sole office located at 976 South Shannon Street , Van Wert, Ohio, which we own. We believe that our current facility is adequate to meet our present and foreseeable needs in Van Wert. We also own vacant land in Van Wert which may be used for future expansion. We currently do not have any plans or understandings to expand our office network. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 The bank has entered into a lease at 202 West Berry Street, Suite 100, Fort Wayne, Indiana with the lease expected to commence when occupancy takes place. This is currently estimated as January 1, 2024. The lease is for 4,198 square feet that will contain a small branch and the commercial banking operations of the Company. The lease has an initial term of 10 years with two 5-year options, plus a right of first refusal on space within the same building. The bank is leasing temporary space at the Electric Works complex at 1690 Broadway Building 19, Fort Wayne, Indiana. This was a 3-month lease and ends on September 30, 2023. It is expected that the Company will enter into a short-term extension on this space or another space in the vicinity to bridge the gap until the permanent space is ready for occupancy. ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings Periodically, we are involved in claims and lawsuits, such as claims to enforce liens, condemnation proceedings on properties in which we hold security interests, claims involving the making and servicing of real property loans and other issues incident to our business. At June 30, 2023, we were not a party to any pending legal proceedings that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. PART II ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities VWF Bancorp s common stock had been quoted on the OTCQB Market operated by OTC Markets Group under the symbol VWFB since July 14, 2022. Effective June 30, 2023, VWF Bancorp s common stock is quoted on the OTCQX Market operated by OTC Markets Group under the symbol VWFB. As of June 30, 2023, we had 282 stockholders of record (excluding the number of persons or entities holding stock in street name through various brokerage firms), and 1,922,924 shares of common stock outstanding. There is currently limited trading volume for VWF Bancorp s common stock. VWF Bancorp has not paid any cash dividends to our stockholders. The payment and amount of any dividend payments is subject to statutory and regulatory limitations, and depends upon a number of factors, including the following: regulatory capital requirements; our financial condition and results of operations; tax considerations; and general economic conditions. There were no sales of unregistered securities or repurchases of shares of common stock during the year ended June 30, 2023. ITEM 6. [ Reserved] ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations This discussion and analysis reflects our consolidated financial statements and other relevant statistical data, and is intended to enhance your understanding of our financial condition and results of operations. The information in this section has been derived from the consolidated financial statements, which appear elsewhere in this annual report. You should read the information in this section in conjunction with the other business and financial information provided in this annual report. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Overview Our business consists primarily of taking deposits from the general public and investing those deposits, together with funds generated from operations, in residential real estate loans and, to a lesser extent, commercial real estate loans, agricultural mortgage loans, construction loans, commercial and industrial loans, home equity lines of credit, and consumer loans. We also invest in securities, which have historically consisted primarily of mortgage-backed securities and obligations issued by U.S. government sponsored enterprises, state and municipal securities. We offer a variety of deposit accounts including checking accounts, savings accounts and certificate of deposit accounts. Van Wert Federal is subject to comprehensive regulation and examination by the OCC. Our results of operations depend primarily on our net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between the interest income we earn on our interest-earning assets and the interest we pay on our interest-bearing liabilities. Our results of operations also are affected by our provisions for loan losses, non-interest income and non-interest expense. Non-interest income currently consists primarily of service charges on deposit accounts, other service charges and fees, and income from bank owned life insurance. Non-interest expense currently consists primarily of expenses related to salaries and employee benefits, occupancy and equipment, data processing, contract services, director fees, and other expenses. We invest in bank owned life insurance to provide us with a funding source to offset some costs of our benefit plan obligations. Bank owned life insurance provides us with non-interest income that is nontaxable. Federal regulations generally limit our investment in bank owned life insurance to 25 of our Tier 1 capital plus our allowance for loan losses. At June 30, 2023, our investment in bank owned life insurance was 5.2 million, which was within this investment limit. Our results of operations also may be affected significantly by general and local economic and competitive conditions, changes in market interest rates, governmental policies and actions of regulatory authorities. Business Strategy Our principal objective is to build long-term value for our stockholders by operating a profitable community-oriented financial institution dedicated to meeting the banking needs of our customers by emphasizing personalized and efficient customer service. Highlights of our current business strategy include: Continue to focus on originating residential mortgage loans for retention in our portfolio. We are primarily a residential mortgage loan lender for borrowers in our primary market area. At June 30, 2023, 65.8 million, or 73.4 of our total loan portfolio, consisted of residential mortgage loans. We expect that residential mortgage lending will remain our primary lending activity. Grow and diversify our loan portfolio prudently by increasing originations of commercial real estate loans and commercial and industrial loans . Although we intend to continue our historical focus on the origination of residential mortgage loans, we intend to prudently increase our originations of commercial real estate loans and commercial and industrial loans in order to diversify our loan portfolio and increase yield. At June 30, 2023, commercial real estate loans amounted to 6.0 million, or 6.7 of total loans, and commercial and industrial loans amounted to 3.4 million, or 3.8 of total loans. 
 Commercial real estate loans and commercial and industrial loans have higher credit risk than one- to four-family residential mortgage loans. Maintain our strong asset quality through conservative loan underwriting. We intend to maintain strong asset quality through what we believe are our conservative underwriting standards and credit monitoring processes. At June 30, 2023, our nonperforming assets and troubled debt restructurings totaled 342,000, or 0.38 of total loans. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Continue to grow low-cost core deposits. We consider our core deposits to include statement savings accounts, money market accounts, other savings deposits and checking accounts. We will continue our efforts to increase our core deposits to provide a stable source of funds to support loan growth at costs consistent with improving our interest rate spread and net interest margin. Core deposits totaled 68.6 million, or 57.1 of total deposits, at June 30, 2023. Remain a community-oriented institution and relying on high quality service to maintain and build a loyal local customer base . We were established in 1889 and have been operating continuously in Van Wert since that time. Through the goodwill we have developed over years of providing timely, efficient banking services, we believe that we have been able to attract a loyal base of local retail customers on which we hope to continue to build our banking business. Grow organically and through opportunistic acquisitions or branching. We intend to grow our balance sheet organically on a managed basis. In addition to organic growth, we may also consider expansion opportunities in our market area or in contiguous markets that we believe would enhance both our franchise value and stockholder returns. These opportunities may include acquiring other financial institutions and/or establishing loan production offices, establishing new, or de novo, branch offices and/or acquiring branch offices. We have no current plans or intentions regarding any such expansion activities. 
 We intend to continue to pursue these business strategies, subject to changes necessitated by future market conditions, regulatory restrictions and other factors. Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Critical Accounting Estimates The discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations are based on our financial statements, which are prepared in conformity with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions affecting the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and the reported amounts of income and expenses. We consider the accounting policies discussed below to be critical accounting policies. The estimates and assumptions that we use are based on historical experience and various other factors and are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions, resulting in a change that could have a material impact on the carrying value of our assets and liabilities and our results of operations. The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 contains provisions that, among other things, reduce certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. As an emerging growth company we may delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Accordingly, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. The following represent our critical accounting policies: Allowance for Loan Losses. The allowance for loan losses is the estimated amount considered necessary to cover inherent, but unconfirmed, credit losses in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. The allowance is established through the provision for losses on loans which is charged against income. In determining the allowance for loan losses, management makes significant estimates and has identified this policy as one of our most critical accounting policies. Management performs a quarterly evaluation of the allowance for loan losses. Consideration is given to a variety of factors in establishing this estimate including, but not limited to, current economic conditions, delinquency statistics, geographic and industry concentrations, the adequacy of the underlying collateral, the financial strength of the borrower, results of internal loan reviews and other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates that may be susceptible to significant change. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 The analysis has two components, specific and general allowances. The specific percentage allowance is for unconfirmed losses related to loans that are determined to be impaired. Impairment is measured by determining the present value of expected future cash flows or, for collateral-dependent loans, the fair value of the collateral adjusted for market conditions and selling expenses. If the fair value of the loan is less than the loan s carrying value, a charge is recorded for the difference. The general allowance, which is for loans reviewed collectively, is determined by segregating the remaining loans by type of loan, risk weighting (if applicable) and payment history. We also analyze historical loss experience, delinquency trends, general economic conditions and geographic and industry concentrations. This analysis establishes historical loss percentages and qualitative factors that are applied to the loan groups to determine the amount of the allowance for loan losses necessary for loans that are reviewed collectively. The qualitative component is critical in determining the allowance for loan losses as certain trends may indicate the need for changes to the allowance for loan losses based on factors beyond the historical loss history. Not incorporating a qualitative component could misstate the allowance for loan losses. Actual loan losses may be significantly more than the allowances we have established which could result in a material negative effect on our financial results. As the Company continues to focus on increasing commercial real estate loans and commercial and industrial loans, and without much historical data for which to rely upon, the Company has elected to reserve 1.25 of all outstanding balances on new commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loans until such time that the Company has sufficient historical data to rely upon. The 1.25 was derived from FDIC call report data of peer banks within the geographical market. Deferred Tax Assets. We use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. We exercise significant judgment in evaluating the amount and timing of recognition of the resulting tax liabilities and assets. These judgments require us to make projections of future taxable income. The judgments and estimates we make in determining our deferred tax assets, which are inherently subjective, are reviewed on a continual basis as regulatory and business factors change. Determining the proper valuation allowance for deferred taxes is critical in properly valuing the deferred tax asset and the related recognition of income tax expense or benefit. Any reduction in estimated future taxable income may require us to record a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. Fair Value Measurements . The fair value of a financial instrument is defined as the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. We estimate the fair value of a financial instrument and any related asset impairment using a variety of valuation methods. Where financial instruments are actively traded and have quoted market prices, quoted market prices are used for fair value. When the financial instruments are not actively traded, other observable market inputs, such as quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics, may be used, if available, to determine fair value. When observable market prices do not exist, we estimate fair value. These estimates are subjective in nature and imprecision in estimating these factors can impact the amount of gain or loss recorded. For a detailed description of the fair values measured at each level of the fair value hierarchy and the methodology we utilize, see note 13 of the notes to financial statements. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Selected Financial Data The following selected consolidated financial data sets forth certain financial highlights of the Company and should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

At June 30, 2023 2022 (In thousands) Selected Financial Condition Data: Total assets 165,969 149,563 Cash and due from banks 5,516 36,712 Interest-bearing time deposits 1,470 Available-for-sale securities 70,585 24,494 Loans, net 81,208 77,710 Premises and equipment, net 1,409 1,372 Federal Home Loan Bank stock 397 1,013 Bank owned life insurance 5,223 5,112 Total deposits 119,992 109,990 Total borrowings 6,200 Total equity 38,498 23,367 

For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 (In thousands) Selected Operating Data: Interest income 5,054 3,200 Interest expense 780 325 Net interest income 4,274 2,875 Provision for loan losses 41 Net interest income after provision for loan losses 4,233 2,875 Non-interest income 208 217 Non-interest expense 5,170 3,132 Loss before income taxes (729) (40) Provision for income taxes (benefit) (183) (31) Net loss (546) (9) 
 31 

Table of Contents 

At or For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Performance Ratios: Return on average assets (0.36) (0.01) Return on average equity (1.52) (0.04) Interest rate spread (1) 2.74 2.14 Net interest margin (2) 2.93 2.19 Non-interest expense to average assets 3.42 2.27 Efficiency ratio (3) 115.35 101.29 Average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 134.44 124.42 Capital Ratios: Average equity to average assets 23.71 17.95 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets (4) 24.91 17.51 Asset Quality Ratios: Allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of total loans 0.29 0.27 Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of non-performing loans 86.62 61.91 Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of non-accrual loans 86.62 98.62 Non-accrual loans as a percentage of total loans 0.34 0.27 Net (charge-offs) recoveries as a percentage of average outstanding loans during the year 0.00 0.00 Non-performing loans as a percentage of total loans 0.34 0.44 Non-performing loans as a percentage of total assets 0.18 0.24 Total non-performing assets as a percentage of total assets 0.18 0.24 Other Data: Number of offices 1 1 Number of full-time employees 26 18 Number of part-time employees 1 1 

 (1) Represents the difference between the weighted average yield on interest-earning assets and the weighted average cost of interest-bearing liabilities. (2) Represents net interest income as a percentage of average interest-earning assets. (3) Represents noninterest expenses divided by the sum of net interest income and noninterest income. (4) Van Wert Federal has adopted the community bank leverage ratio (CBLR) framework for measuring regulatory capital adequacy, which became effective January 1, 2020. The CBLR is the ratio of Tier 1 capital to average assets. To be considered well capitalized under the CBLR framework, Van Wert Federal was required to have a CBLR ratio of at least 9.0 at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 Comparison of Financial Condition at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 Total Assets. Total assets were 166.0 million at June 30, 2023, an increase of 16.4 million, or 11.0 , over the 149.6 million at June 30, 2022. The increase is part of the Company s growth plans and was largely concentrated to growth in available-for-sale debt securities, a year over year increase of 46.0 million, that were funded primarily with cash on hand, a year over year decrease of 31.1 million. The source of the cash was the public offering during the mutual conversion that closed on July 13, 2022. Cash and Due from Banks. Cash and due from banks decreased by 31.1 million, or -85.0 , to 5.5 million at June 30, 2023 from 36.7 million at June 30, 2022. The decrease was due primarily to funding purchases of available-for-sale debt securities and loan growth. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Interest Bearing Time Deposits. Interest-bearing time deposits were 0 at June 30, 2023, a decrease of 100.0 , or 1.5 million, from June 30, 2022. Certificates of deposit maturing during the year were not renewed as management invested the proceeds from these securities into higher yielding investments. Investment Securities. Investment securities increased 46.0 million, or 188.2 , to 70.6 million at June 30, 2023 from 24.5 million at June 30, 2022. Aggregate securities purchases of 51.7 million during the year ended June 30, 2023, were funded through cash on hand, calls, maturities and repayments of 4.6 million, FHLB borrowings of 6.2 million, and brokered deposits of 10.1 million. The increase in investment securities is part of a forward-looking investment strategy to increase the number of variable rate investments financed by fixed rate deposit instruments, which will ultimately provide a more balanced interest rate risk profile. The 1.0 million decline in the fair value of the investment securities was primarily attributable to the increases in interest rates in the economy. As the interest rates increased, the fair value of the securities declined. The unrealized losses are recorded to equity, net of tax, as management has determined that there are no credit quality concerns with the issuers of the securities and there is no intent to sell the securities and, as a result, the fair value is expected to recover as the securities approach their maturity dates. The yield on our investment securities increased to 3.22 for the year ended June 30, 2023 from 1.29 for the year ended June 30, 2022. Net Loans. Net loans increased by 3.5 million, or 4.5 , to 81.2 million at June 30, 2023 from 77.7 million at June 30, 2022. During the year ended June 30, 2023, loan originations totaled 21.6 million, comprised of 6.7 million of loans secured by one- to four-family residential real estate, 2.3 million secured by commercial real estate, 3.4 million of commercial and industrial loans, 7.5 million of construction and land loans, 1.2 secured by agricultural real estate and 444,000 of consumer loans. During the year ended June 30, 2023, residential real estate loans increased 219,000, or 0.3 , to 65.9 million at June 30, 2023, construction loans increased 2.6 million, or 42.6 , to 8.6 million at June 30, 2023, commercial and industrial loans increased 3.0 million, or 902.5 , to 3.3 million at June 30, 2023, agricultural real estate loans increased 594,000, or 17.2 , to a total of 4.0 million at June 30, 2023, and commercial real estate loans increased 874,000, or 17.0 to 6.0 million at June 30, 2023. Increases in loan balances reflect our strategy to grow our loan portfolio, continuing to focus on owner-occupied one-to-four family residential real estate loans, while increasing our emphasis on commercial real estate loans and commercial and industrial loans. Management intends to continue to pursue growth in these loan segments in future periods. Such growth has been achieved amid strong competition for one- to four-family residential mortgage loans in our market area. Management intends to continue this activity in future periods. Deposits. Deposits increased by 10.0 million, or 9.1 , to 120.0 million at June 30, 2023 from 110.0 million at June 30, 2022. Core deposits (defined as all deposits other than certificates of deposit) decreased 6.2 million, or 8.3 , to 68.6 million at June 30, 2023 from 74.8 million at June 30, 2022. This is not unexpected in a rates up environment as historically, core deposits shift to time deposits in an effort to lock in higher rates for a fixed period of time. Certificates of deposit increased 16.2 million, or 46.0 , to 51.4 million at June 30, 2023 from 35.2 million at June 30, 2022. Of the 16.2 million increase, 10.1 million was from the addition of contractual intermediate callable deposits brokered deposits ). These deposits have a time period of 5 years with a callable feature after 6 months. The addition of these deposits was part of management s strategy to fund variable rate investments with fixed rate funding. The callable feature allows for interest rate risk protection in rates down environment. During the year ended June 30, 2023, management continued its strategy of pursuing growth in demand accounts and other lower cost core deposits, in part by enhancing products and services offered, including mobile banking. Management intends to continue its efforts to increase core deposits, with an emphasis on growth in consumer and business demand deposits. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 FHLB Borrowings. FHLB borrowings increased 6.2 million, or 100 , to 6.2 million at June 30, 2023. There were no borrowings at June 30, 2022. These borrowings were short-term in nature (less than one year maturity) and are being used as part of management s overall growth strategy. Total Equity. Total equity increased 15.1 million, or 64.8 , to 38.5 million at June 30, 2023 from 23.4 million at June 30, 2022. The increase resulted from 16.3 million net proceeds of the capital raised through the conversion, which was partially offset by a net loss of 545,000, and a 757,000 decrease in accumulated other comprehensive income comprised of the unrealized losses, net of tax, on the investment securities portfolio and the valuation gain on the defined benefit plan, net of tax. Average Balances and Yields . The following table sets forth average balance sheets, average yields and costs, and certain other information for the years indicated. No tax-equivalent yield adjustments have been made, as the effects are immaterial. Average balances are calculated using month-end actual balances, rather than daily average balances. We believe the use of month-end actual balances is representative of our operations. Non-accrual loans are included in average balances only. Average yields include the effect of deferred fees, discounts, and premiums that are amortized or accreted to interest income or interest expense. Deferred loan fees are immaterial. 

For the Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Average Average Outstanding Outstanding Balance Interest Yield/Rate Balance Interest Yield/Rate (Dollars in thousands) Interest-earning assets: Loans 79,393 2,872 3.62 80,751 2,733 3.38 Investment securities 46,107 1,484 3.22 26,725 346 1.29 Interest-bearing deposits and other 20,552 698 3.40 23,606 121 0.51 Total interest-earning assets. 146,052 5,054 3.46 131,082 3,200 2.44 Non-interest earning assets 5,275 6,967 Allowance for loan losses (229) (223) Total assets 151,098 137,826 Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing demand 24,645 101 0.41 21,736 2 0.01 Savings and money market accounts 45,921 65 0.14 46,522 10 0.02 Certificates of deposit 37,625 589 1.57 37,096 313 0.84 Total deposits 108,191 755 0.70 105,354 325 0.31 Borrowings 443 25 5.64 Total interest-bearing liabilities 108,634 780 0.72 105,354 325 0.31 Noninterest-bearing liabilities 6,634 7,731 Total liabilities 115,268 113,085 Equity 35,830 24,741 Total liabilities and equity 151,098 137,826 Net interest income 4,274 2,875 Net interest rate spread (1) 2.74 2.14 Net interest-earning assets (2) 37,418 25,728 Net interest margin (3) 2.93 2.19 Average interest-earning assets to interest-bearing liabilities . 134.44 124.42 

 (1) Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the weighted average yield on interest-earning assets and the weighted average rate of interest-bearing liabilities. (2) Net interest-earning assets represent total interest-earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities. (3) Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets. 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 Rate/Volume Analysis The following table presents the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income for the periods indicated. The rate column shows the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume column shows the effects attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate). The total column represents the sum of the prior columns. For purposes of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume, which cannot be segregated, have been allocated proportionately based on the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume. There were no out-of-period items or adjustments required to be excluded from the table below. 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 vs. 2022 Increase (Decrease) Due to Total Increase Volume Rate (Decrease) (In thousands) Interest-earning assets: Loans (46) 192 146 Investment securities 250 515 765 Other interest-earning assets (16) 682 666 Total interest-earning assets 188 1,389 1,577 Interest-bearing liabilities: Interest-bearing demand 87 87 Savings and money market accounts 57 57 Certificates of deposit 4 269 273 Total deposits 4 413 417 Borrowings Total interest-bearing liabilities 4 413 417 Change in net interest income 184 976 1,160 Comparison of Operating Results for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 General. Net loss for the year ended June 30, 2023, was 545,000, a decrease of 536,000, compared to net loss of 9,000 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase in net loss was primarily due to a 2.0 million increase in noninterest expenses, which included certain one-time expenses as noted in the noninterest expense section below, and was partially offset by a 1.4 million increase in net interest income. In the original prospectus related to the conversion and public offering, the Company estimated it would incur 3.1 million in expenses related to the termination of its defined benefit plan. These expenses were expected to be incurred in the 3 rd calendar quarter of 2022. Due to the timing involved in the termination of this plan, these expenses related to this termination have totaled 1.1 million this fiscal year. The final expenses will not be known until the expected final termination late in calendar year 2023. Interest Income. Interest income increased 1.9 million, or 58.0 , to 5.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2023, from 3.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. This increase was attributable to a 1.1 million, or 328.5 , increase in interest on investment securities, a 577,000, or 478.0 , increase in interest on interest-bearing deposits and other, and a 139,000, or 5.1 , increase in interest on loans.. The average balance of loans during the year ended June 30, 2023, decreased by 1.4 million, or 1.7 , from the balance for the year ended June 30, 2022, while the average yield on loans increased by 24 basis points to 3.62 for the year ended June 30, 2023 from 3.38 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The average balance of investment securities increased 19.4 million, or 72.5 , to 46.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 from 26.7 million for the year ended June 30, 2022, while the average yield on investment securities increased by 193 basis points to 3.22 for the year ended June 30, 2023 from 1.29 for the year ended 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 June 30, 2022. The increase in average yield on securities resulted from the effects of management s purchasing of higher yielding variable rate securities during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year. The average balance of other interest-bearing deposits, comprised primarily of certificates of deposit in other financial institutions, overnight deposits and stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank, decreased 3.0 million, or -12.9 , for the year ended June 30, 2023, while the average yield increased 289 basis points, to 3.40 for the year ended June 30, 2023 from 0.51 for the year ended June 30, 2022, reflecting the rise in the interest rate environment. Interest Expense. Total interest expense increased 456,000, or 140.4 , to 780,000 for the year ended June 30, 2023 from 325,000 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase was primarily due to an increase of 41 basis points in the average cost of deposits to 0.72 for the year ended June 30, 2023, from 0.31 for the year ended June 30, 2022, reflecting how management has had to increase the offered rates to be competitive in the current rising interest rate environment. Net Interest Income . Net interest income increased 1.3 million, or 47.2 , to 4.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to 2.9 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase reflected an increase in the interest rate spread to 2.74 for the year ended June 30, 2023, 2.14 for the year ended June 30, 2022. Our net interest margin increased to 2.93 for the year ended June 30, 2023, from 2.19 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The interest rate spread and net interest margin were impacted by the addition of variable rate securities that benefited from the rising interest rate environment throughout the year. Provision for Loan Losses. Based on an analysis of the factors described in Critical Accounting Policies Allowance for Loan Losses, management concluded that a provision for loan losses of 40,000 was required for the year ended June 30, 2023. No provision was required for the year ended June 30, 2022. The allowance for loan losses was 263,000 and 223,000 at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and represented 0.29 of total loans at June 30, 2023, and 0.27 of total loans at June 30, 2022. The determination over the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses was due primarily to the low balances of nonperforming loans, delinquent loans and no net charge-offs in both periods. Total nonperforming loans were 304,000 at June 30, 2023, compared to 360,000 at June 30, 2022. Classified loans totaled 67,000 at June 30, 2023, compared to 123,000 at June 30, 2022, and total loans past due greater than 30 days were 734,000 and 307,000 at those respective dates. As a percentage of nonperforming loans, the allowance for loan losses was 86.6 at June 30, 2023 compared to 62.0 at June 30, 2022. The allowance for loan losses reflects the estimate management believes to be appropriate to cover incurred probable losses which were inherent in the loan portfolio at June 30, 2023 and 2022. While management believes the estimates and assumptions used in the determination of the adequacy of the allowance are reasonable, such estimates and assumptions could be proven incorrect in the future, and the actual amount of future provisions may exceed the amount of past provisions, and the increase in future provisions that may be required may adversely impact the Company s financial condition and results of operations. In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review the allowance for loan losses and may require an increase in the provision for possible loan losses or the recognition of loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of management. Non-Interest Income . Non-interest income totaled 208,000 for the year ended June 30, 2023, a decrease of 9,000, or -3.8 , from 217,000 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease was primarily due to normal fluctuations in the volume of fees on loans and deposits. Noninterest Expense. Noninterest expense increased 2.0 million, or 65.1 , to 5.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to 3.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase reflects 651,000, or 43.8 , increase in salaries and employee benefits, primarily attributable to additional hiring to support the strategic growth plans of the Company and a one-time expense of 226,000 for a contract termination, a 309,000, or 146.4 , increase in professional services due primarily to increased costs of operating and the reporting requirements of a public stock company. There were also certain one-time expenses incurred during the year ended June 30, 2023 totaling 1.4 million. Those expenses consisted of 1.1 million for pension plan withdrawal expenses associated with withdrawing from the 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 multiemployer plan, 263,000 employee related expenses, which include the above-mentioned contract termination, 102,000 of IT and software related expenses, and 5,000 of marketing and branding expenses. Noninterest expense can be expected to increase because of costs associated with operating as a public company and increased compensation costs related to possible implementation of one or more stock-based benefit plans, if approved by our stockholders. Federal Income Taxes. Federal income taxes decreased by 152,000, or 483.2 , to a 183,000 benefit for the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to tax benefit of 31,000 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease in the federal income tax provision was due primarily to a 688,000, or 1699.0 increase in pretax loss. Management of Market Risk General . Our most significant form of market risk is interest rate risk because, as a financial institution, the majority of our assets and liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. Therefore, a principal part of our operations is to manage interest rate risk and limit the exposure of our financial condition and results of operations to changes in market interest rates. All directors participate in discussions during the regular board meetings evaluating the interest rate risk inherent in our assets and liabilities, and the level of risk that is appropriate. These discussions take into consideration our business strategy, operating environment, capital, liquidity and performance objectives consistent with the policy and guidelines approved by them. Our asset/liability management strategy attempts to manage the impact of changes in interest rates on net interest income, our primary source of earnings. Among the techniques we are using to manage interest rate risk are: maintaining capital levels that exceed the thresholds for well-capitalized status under federal regulations; maintaining a high level of liquidity; growing our volume of core deposit accounts; managing our investment securities portfolio so as to reduce the average maturity and effective life of the portfolio; and continuing to diversify our loan portfolio by adding more commercial-related loans, which typically have shorter maturities and/or balloon payments. 
 By following these strategies, we believe that we are better positioned to react to increases and decreases in market interest rates. We have not engaged in hedging activities, such as engaging in futures or options. We do not anticipate entering into similar transactions in the future. Economic Value of Equity . We also compute amounts by which the net present value of our assets and liabilities (economic value of equity or EVE would change in the event of a range of assumed changes in market interest rates. This model uses a discounted cash flow analysis and an option-based pricing approach to measure the interest rate sensitivity of net portfolio value. The model estimates the economic value of each type of asset, liability and off-balance sheet contract under the assumptions that the United States Treasury yield curve increases instantaneously by 100, 200, 300 and 400 basis point increments or decreases instantaneously by 100 or 200 basis point increments, with changes in interest rates representing immediate and permanent, parallel shifts in the yield curve. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 The following table sets forth, at June 30, 2023, the calculation of the estimated changes in our EVE that would result from the designated immediate changes in the United States Treasury yield curve. 

At June 30, 2023 Estimated Increase (Decrease) in EVE as a Percentage of Present EVE Value of Assets (3) Change in Interest Increase Rates (basis points) Estimated (Decrease) (1) EVE (2) Amount Percent EVE Ratio (4) (basis points) (Dollars in thousands) 400 24,770 (6,690) (21.26) 16.62 (255) 300 26,050 (5,410) (17.20) 17.09 (208) 200 27,452 (4,008) (12.74) 17.59 (158) 100 29,032 (2,428) (7.72) 18.15 (102) 31,460 19.17 (100) 32,213 753 2.39 19.14 (3) (200) 33,235 1,775 5.64 19.21 4 

 (1) Assumes an immediate uniform change in interest rates at all maturities. (2) EVE is the discounted present value of expected cash flows from assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet contracts. (3) Present value of assets represents the discounted present value of incoming cash flows on interest-earning assets. (4) EVE Ratio represents EVE divided by the present value of assets. 
 The table above indicates that at June 30, 2023, we would have experienced a 12.7 decrease in EVE in the event of an instantaneous parallel 200 basis point increase in market interest rates and a 5.6 increase in EVE in the event of an instantaneous 200 basis point decrease in market interest rates. Change in Net Interest Income. The following table sets forth, at June 30, 2023, the calculation of the estimated changes in our net interest income NII that would result from the designated immediate changes in the United States Treasury yield curve. 

At June 30, 2023 Change in Interest Rates (basis points) (1) NII Year 1 Forecast Year 1 Change from Level (Dollars in thousands) +400 4,558 4.28 +300 4,534 3.73 +200 4,433 1.42 +100 4,267 (2.38) Level 4,371 (100) 4,159 (4.85) (200) 3,922 (10.27) 

 (1) Assumes an immediate uniform change in interest rates at all maturities. 
 The table above indicates that at June 30, 2023, we would have experienced an 1.4 increase in NII in the event of an instantaneous parallel 200 basis point increase in market interest rates and a 10.3 decrease in NII in the event of an instantaneous 200 basis point decrease in market interest rates. Certain shortcomings are inherent in the methodologies used in the above interest rate risk measurement. Modeling changes in EVE and NII require making certain assumptions that may or may not reflect the manner in which actual yields and costs respond to changes in market interest rates. For instance, the EVE and NII tables presented above assume that the composition of our interest-sensitive assets and liabilities existing at the beginning of a period remains constant over the period being measured and assumes that a particular change in interest rates is reflected uniformly across the yield curve regardless of the duration or repricing of specific assets and liabilities. However, the shape of the yield curve changes constantly and the value and pricing of our assets and liabilities, including our deposits, may not 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 closely correlate with changes in market interest rates. Accordingly, although the EVE and NII tables may provide an indication of our interest rate risk exposure at a particular point in time and in the context of a particular yield curve, such measurements are not intended to and do not provide a precise forecast of the effect of changes in market interest rates on EVE and NII and will differ from actual results. EVE and net interest NII calculations also may not reflect the fair values of financial instruments. For example, decreases in market interest rates can increase the fair values of our loans, deposits and borrowings. Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity describes our ability to meet the financial obligations that arise in the ordinary course of business. Liquidity is primarily needed to meet the borrowing and deposit withdrawal requirements of our customers and to fund current and planned expenditures. Our primary sources of funds are deposits, principal and interest payments on loans and securities, and proceeds from maturities of securities. We also have the ability to borrow from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati. At June 30, 2023, we had outstanding borrowings of 6.2 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati. At June 30, 2023, we had the capacity to borrow an additional 38.8 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati. While maturities and scheduled amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions, and competition. Our most liquid assets are cash and short-term investments. The levels of these assets are dependent on our operating, financing, lending, and investing activities during any given period. Our cash flows are comprised of three primary classifications: cash flows from operating activities, cash flows from investing activities, and cash flows from financing activities. For further information, see the statements of cash flows contained in the financial statements appearing elsewhere in this annual report. We are committed to maintaining a strong liquidity position. We monitor our liquidity position on a daily basis. We anticipate that we will have sufficient funds to meet our current funding commitments. Based on our deposit retention experience and current pricing strategy, we anticipate that a significant portion of maturing time deposits will be retained. At June 30, 2023, Van Wert Federal s Tier 1 leverage capital was 41.3 million, or 24.9 of adjusted assets. Accordingly, it was categorized as well-capitalized at June 30, 2023 under the community bank leverage ratio framework. Management is not aware of any conditions or events since the most recent notification that would change our category. For further information, see note 9 to the notes to financial statements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements. At June 30, 2023, we had 11.0 million of outstanding commitments to originate loans. Certificates of deposit that are scheduled to mature in less than one year from June 30, 2023 totaled 24.8 million at June 30, 2023. Management expects that a substantial portion of the maturing certificates of deposit will be renewed. However, if a substantial portion of these deposits is not retained, we may utilize Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati advances or raise interest rates on deposits to attract new accounts, which may result in higher levels of interest expense. Recent Accounting Pronouncements For a discussion of the impact of recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 1 of the notes to financial statements appearing elsewhere in this annual report. Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices The financial statements and related data presented in this prospectus have been prepared according to GAAP which require the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without considering changes in the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The primary impact of 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 inflation on our operations is reflected in increased operating costs. Unlike most industrial companies, virtually all of the assets and liabilities of a financial institution are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates, generally, have a more significant impact on a financial institution s performance than does inflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or to the same extent as the prices of goods and services. ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk The information regarding this Item is contained in Item 7 under the heading Management of Market Risk. ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm and Financial Statements June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 V WF Bancorp, Inc. June 30, 2023 and 2022 Contents 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 42 Financial Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets 43 Consolidated Statements of Operations 44 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 45 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 46 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 47 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 48 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 0F To the Shareholders, Board of Directors, and Audit Committee VWF Bancorp, Inc. Van Wert, Ohio Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of VWF Bancorp, Inc. (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. PCAOB ID October 6, 2023 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 VWF Bancorp, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets June 30, 2023 and 2022 

June 30, 2023 2022 Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing time deposits Available-for-sale debt securities Loans, net of allowance for loan losses of at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 respectively Premises and equipment Federal Home Loan Bank stock Bank owned life insurance Accrued interest receivable Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Liabilities Deposits Demand Savings and money market Time Total deposits Advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank Advances from borrowers for taxes and insurance Stock subscription proceeds in escrow Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Shareholders Equity Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued Common stock, par value, shares authorized, issued at June 30, 2023 Additional paid-in capital Unearned ESOP ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity See Notes to Financial Statements 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 VWF Bancorp, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Operations Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Interest Income Loans Investment securities Interest-bearing deposits and other Total interest income Interest Expense Deposits Federal Home Loan Bank advances Total interest expense Net Interest Income Provision for Loan Losses Net Interest Income After Provision for Loan Losses Noninterest Income Bank owned life insurance Other income Total noninterest income Noninterest Expense Salaries and employee benefits Pension plan withdrawal Directors fees Occupancy and equipment Data processing fees Franchise taxes FDIC insurance premiums Professional services Loss on sale of investment securities Other Total noninterest expense Loss before income taxes ) ) Provision for income taxes (benefits) ) ) Net Loss ) ) Loss per share-basic and diluted ) N/A Weighted-average shares outstanding-basic and diluted N/A See Notes to Financial Statements 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 VWF Bancorp, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss: Net unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities ) ) Reclassification adjustment for realized loss on sale of securities Change in funded status of defined benefit plan Tax benefit Other comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) See Notes to Financial Statements 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 VWF Bancorp, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Accumulated Unearned Other Common Additional ESOP Retained Comprehensive Shareholders Stock Paid-in Capital Shares Earnings Loss Equity Balance at July 1, 2021 ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2022 ) Balance at July 1, 2022 ) Proceeds from issuance of shares ) ESOP shares committed to be released Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) See Notes to Financial Statements 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 VWF Bancorp, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended June 30, 2022 and 2021 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Operating Activities Net loss ) ) Items not requiring (providing) cash: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of premiums and discounts Deferred income taxes ) ) Provision for loan losses Loss on sale of investment securities Increase in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance ) ) ESOP compensation expense Changes in: Accrued interest receivable ) ) Other assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Investing Activities Net change in interest-bearing time deposits Purchases of available-for-sale securities ) ) Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities Proceeds from calls, maturities and paydowns of available-for-sale securities Net change in loans ) ) Purchase of premises and equipment ) ) Proceeds from redemption of FHLB stock Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Financing Activities Net increase in deposit accounts Proceeds from FHLB advances Net change in advances by borrowers for taxes and insurance Proceeds from stock subscriptions held in escrow Proceeds from issuance of common stock Net cash provided by financing activities (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Period Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information Cash paid during the period for: Interest on deposits Supplemental Disclosure of Noncash Financing Activities Transfers from stock subscriptions to common stock and additional paid-in capital See Notes to Financial Statements 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 ownership of the Bank and the Company offered and sold shares of its common stock at per share, for gross offering proceeds of . The cost of the conversion and issuance of common stock was approximately , which was deducted from the gross offering proceeds. The Bank s employee stock ownership plan purchased shares of the common stock sold by the Company, which was of the shares of common stock issued by the Company. The ESOP purchased the shares using a loan from the Company. The Company contributed of the net proceeds from the offering to the Bank, loaned of the net proceeds to the ESOP and retained approximately of the net proceeds. Following the Conversion, voting rights in the Company are held and exercised exclusively by the shareholders of the Company. Deposit account holders continue to be insured by the FDIC. The Bank may not pay a dividend on its capital stock if the effect thereof would cause retained earnings to be reduced below regulatory capital requirements. In addition, the Company is subject to certain regulations related to the payment of dividends and the repurchase of its capital stock. The Conversion was accounted for as a change in corporate form with the historic basis of the Bank s assets, liabilities and equity unchanged as a result. The Bank, which is the sole subsidiary of the Company, is a federally chartered mutual thrift engaged primarily in the business of making residential mortgage loans, commercial loans and accepting deposits. Its operations are conducted through its office located in Van Wert, Ohio. The Bank faces competition from other financial institutions and is subject to the regulation of certain federal and state agencies and undergoes periodic examinations by those regulatory authorities. Effective June 23, 2023, the Bank elected to operate as a covered savings association (CSA). A CSA has the same rights and privileges as a national bank that has its main officed situated in the same location as the home office of the CSA and is subject to the same duties, restrictions, penalties, liabilities, conditions, and limitations that would apply to such a national bank. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 other-than-temporary impairments on debt securities in 2023 or 2022. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 foreclosed residential real estate properties recorded as a result of obtaining physical possession of the property. At June 30, 2023, there were loans secured by residential real estate property for which formal foreclosure proceeds are in process. At June 30, 2022, the Company had loan of secured by residential real estate in process of foreclosure, subsequent to that date, the buyer brought the loan current and the foreclosure process has ceased. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 material uncertain income tax positions. dilutive or potentially dilutive securities during the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Mortgage-backed Government Sponsored Enterprises (GSEs) Collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs) Subordinated debt State and political subdivisions 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Mortgage-backed Government Sponsored Enterprises (GSEs) State and political subdivisions The amortized cost and fair value of available-for-sale securities at June 30, 2023, by contractual maturity, are shown below. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties: One to five years Five to ten years After ten years Mortgage-backed GSE s and CMO s Totals The carrying value of securities pledged as collateral, to secure public deposits and for other purposes, was and at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Proceeds from sales of securities totaled during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. Such sales resulted in realized losses of . There were sales of securities during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. Certain investments in debt securities are reported in the financial statements at an amount less than their historical cost. Total fair value of these investments at June 30, 2023 and 2022, was and , which is approximately percent and percent, respectively, of the fair value of the Company s total investment portfolio. These declines primarily resulted from changes in market interest rates. Based on evaluation of available evidence, including recent changes in market interest rates and information obtained from regulatory filings, management believes the declines in fair value for these securities are temporary. Should the impairment of any of these securities become other than temporary, the cost basis of the investment will be reduced and the resulting loss recognized in net income in the period the other-than-temporary impairment is identified. The following tables show the Company s investments gross unrealized losses and fair value of the Company s investments with unrealized losses that are not deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired, aggregated by investment 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Mortgage-backed Government Sponsored Enterprises (GSEs) Collateralized mortgage obligations Subordinated debt State and political subdivisions Total temporarily impaired securities 

June 30, 2022 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized Description of Securities Value Losses Value Losses Value Losses U.S. Government agencies Mortgage-backed Government Sponsored Enterprises (GSEs) State and political subdivisions Total temporarily impaired securities U.S. Government Agencies and State and Political Subdivisions and Subordinated Debt Unrealized losses on these securities have not been recognized into income because the issuers bonds are of high credit quality, values have only been impacted by changes in interest rates since the securities were purchased, and the Company has the intent and ability to hold the securities for the foreseeable future. The fair value is expected to recover as the bonds approach the maturity date. Because the decline in market value is attributable to changes in market interest rates, and not credit quality, and because the Company typically does not intend to sell the investments and it is not more likely than not the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be maturity, the Company does not consider those investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at June 30, 2023 Mortgage-backed GSE s, Collateralized Mortgage Obligations The unrealized losses on the Company s investment in residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations were caused by changes in interest rates and illiquidity. The Company expects to recover the amortized cost basis over the term of the securities. Because the decline in market value is attributable to changes in interest rates and illiquidity, and not credit quality, and because the Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is not more likely than not the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be maturity, the Company does not consider those investments to be other-than-temporarily impaired at June 30, 2023. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Residential Multifamily Agricultural Construction and land Home equity line of credit (HELOC) Commercial and industrial Consumer Total loans Less: Undisbursed loans in process Net deferred loan fees Allowance for loan losses Net loans Residential ) Multifamily ) Agricultural Construction and land Home equity line of credit (HELOC) Commercial and industrial Consumer Total loans 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 ) Residential Multifamily Agricultural Construction and land ) Home equity line of credit (HELOC) Commercial and industrial ) Consumer Total loans The following tables present the balance in the allowance for loan losses and the recorded investment in loans based on portfolio segment and impairment method as of June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Allowance for loan losses Loans Ending balance, evaluated for impairment Ending balance, evaluated for impairment Individually Collectively Individually Collectively June 30, 2023 Real estate loans: Commercial Residential Multifamily Agricultural Construction and land Home equity line of credit (HELOC) Commercial and industrial Consumer Total loans June 30, 2022 Real estate loans: Commercial Residential Multifamily Agricultural Construction and land Home equity line of credit (HELOC) Commercial and industrial Consumer Total loans 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Multifamily Agricultural Construction and land Commercial and industrial Consumer Total loans June 30, 2022 Real estate loans: Commercial Multifamily Agricultural Construction and land Commercial and industrial Consumer Total loans 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Home equity line of credit (HELOC) 

Performing Nonperforming Total June 30, 2022 Real estate loans: Residential Home equity line of credit (HELOC) The Company evaluates the loan risk grading system definitions and allowance for loan losses methodology on an ongoing basis. No significant changes were made to either during the past year. The following tables present the Company s loan portfolio aging analysis of the recorded investment in loans as of June 30, 2023 and 2022: Residential Multifamily Agricultural Construction and land HELOC Commercial and industrial Consumer Total 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Residential Multifamily Agricultural Construction and land HELOC Commercial and industrial Consumer Total A loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect the scheduled payments of principal or interest when due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Information on impaired loans as of and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 is as follows. Loans with a specific valuation allowance: Real estate Residential Totals 

As of and for the year ended June 30, 2022 Unpaid Average Balance of Interest Recorded Principal Specific Impaired Income Balance Balance Allowance Loans Recognized Loans without a specific valuation allowance: Real estate Residential Loans with a specific valuation allowance: Real estate Residential Totals 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Total nonaccrual There were significant loans modified in a troubled debt restructuring during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. There were troubled debt restructurings modified in the past 12 months that subsequently defaulted for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. Buildings and improvements Furniture and equipment IT equipment and improvements Less accumulated depreciation Net premises and equipment and at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. At June 30, 2023, the scheduled maturities of time deposits were as follows: 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter , at a variable rate of percent, as of June 30, 2023, which were scheduled to mature within one year. The Company had FHLB advances outstanding as of June 30, 2022. Based on collateral pledged, consisting of all shares of FHLB stock owned and a blanket pledge of approximately and of its qualifying mortgage loans as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, the Company was eligible to borrow up to an additional as of June 30, 2023. 
 63 

Table of Contents) Deferred income taxes ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) A reconciliation of the federal income tax expense (benefit) at the statutory rate to the Company s actual income tax expense (benefit) is shown below: ) ) Increase (decrease) resulting from: Bank-owned life insurance ) ) ESOP Nontaxable interest income on municipal securities ) ) Other ) Actual income tax benefit ) ) The composition of the Company s net deferred tax asset at June 30, 2023 and 2022, is as follows: Unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities Net operating loss carryforward Other Deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities Depreciation ) ) Federal Home Loan Bank stock dividends ) ) Defined benefit pension plan ) Deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset Retained earnings at both June 30, 2023 and 2022, includes approximately million for which no deferred federal income tax liability has been recognized. This amount represents an allocation of income to bad debt deductions for tax purposes only. Reduction of amounts so allocated for purposes other than tax bad debt losses or adjustments arising from carryback of net operating losses would create income for tax purposes only, which would be subject to the then-current corporate income tax rate. The deferred income tax liability on the preceding amount that would have been recorded if it was expected to reverse into taxable income in the foreseeable future was approximately at June 30, 2023 and 2022. The Company has approximately of net operating loss carryforwards at June 30, 2023 that do not expire. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 basis points below the then applicable threshold, and will not be required to calculate and report risk-based capital ratios. In April 2020, under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act), the 9 percent leverage ratio threshold was temporarily reduced to 8 percent in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The threshold increased to 8.5 percent in 2021 and returned to 9 percent in 2022. The Company elected to begin using the CBLR for the first quarter of 2020. The Company s CBLR was percent and percent as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Management believes, as of June 30, 2023, that the Company met all capital adequacy requirements to which it is subject. Loans disbursed Repayments ) ) Balance at end of year At June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and , of the related party loan balance was committed and undispersed. In management s opinion, such loans and other extensions of credit and deposits were made in the ordinary course of business and were made on substantially the same terms (including interest rates and collateral) as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with other persons. Further, in management s opinion, these loans did not involve more than normal risk of collectability or present other unfavorable features. Deposits from related parties held by the Company at June 30, 2023 and 2022, totaled approximately and , respectively. common shares outstanding during the year, less weighted-average shares in the Company s ESOP that are unallocated and not committed to be released. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 and the employer ID number is 13-5645888 . This benefit plan is a full service, multiple employer defined benefit pension plan operating under the Employee Retirement Income and Security Act of 1974 (ERISA). The most recent financial statements were issued as of June 30, 2021 and show net assets available for the payment of benefits as billion versus the present value of accumulated plan benefits of billion. Therefore, the Plan was underfunded by billion as of this date. Beginning in fiscal year 2008 the required annual participant contributions have been increased to fund the shortfall over a period of , although participating employers had the option to fund a portion of their shortfall over a period for the 2010-2012 plan years (not elected by Van Wert). There are no collective bargaining agreements in place that require contributions to the Company Plan. The Plan is a single plan under Internal Revenue Code Section 413(c) and, as a result, all of the assets stand behind all of the liabilities. Accordingly, under the Plan contributions made by a participating employer may be used to provide benefits to participants of other participating employers. The Plan had been maintained for all full-time employees who have been employed for a period longer than . In March 2016, the Company froze its participation in the Plan for new employees and curtailed future benefits for existing employees. Current costs are funded as incurred. The Company s contributions to the fund are based on covered employees ages and salaries. Pension expense was approximately for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. Management elected to withdraw from the Plan effective January 1, 2023. The Company incurred a charge in connection with the withdrawal. Pension expense was approximately and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, with the increase due to the withdrawal charge. Defined Benefit Pension Plan In connection with the withdrawal from the Pentegra Plan effective January 1, 2023, the Company established the Van Wert Federal Savings Bank Defined Benefit Plan (the DB Plan as a qualified successor plan. The Company contributed to the DB Plan and the DB Plan had benefit obligations of at inception. As permitted under the DB Plan, the Company elected to terminate the DB Plan effective July 1, 2023. Pursuant to the DB Plan termination, all obligations due to the DB Plan participants will be satisfied during the year ended June 30, 2024. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Benefit obligation upon transfer from Pentegra plan - projected Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain ) Benefits paid ) Administrative expenses ) Net periodic pension cost Change in plan assets: Beginning of the year Transfer from Pentegra plan Actual return on assets Administrative expenses ) Benefits paid ) End of the year Funded status at June 30, 2023 Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss not yet recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost consist of the following: Prior service cost Information for the pension plan with respect to benefit obligation and plan assets is as follows: Fair value of plan assets Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) Net periodic pension cost Recognition of underfunded pension benefit obligation at transition Expense recognized 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Weighted average assumptions used to determine benefit cost: Discount rate Expected return on plan assets 401(k) Plan The Company sponsors a 401(k) profit sharing plan covering substantially all employees. Employees are eligible to participate once they have reached age 21 and have completed of service. The Company will make matching contributions up to percent of an employee s compensation once the employee has completed of service. The Company s expense relative to the plan totaled approximately and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Salary Continuation Plan On August 1, 2016, the Company entered into a salary continuation plan with the Company s former President to provide additional retirement benefits for the life of the former President, with a guaranteed payout period of . The plan is intended to be an unfunded, non-qualified deferred compensation plan. The Company s expense (benefit) relative to the plan totaled approximately ) and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company s liability related to the plan totaled approximately and as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP) The Company established the ESOP in July 2022 in connection with the Conversion and the ESOP acquired shares. The ESOP borrowed from the Company to purchase the shares of the Company s common stock at per share. The Company will make annual contributions to the ESOP and the ESOP uses funds it receives to repay the loan. When loan payments are made, ESOP shares are allocated to participants based on relative compensation and expense is recorded. Information related to the ESOP as of and during the year ended June 30, 2023 is as follows: Shares allocated to participants Unreleased shares Total Fair value of unreleased shares The Company recognized expense related to the ESOP totaling approximately during the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Mortgage-backed GSEs Collateralized mortgage obligations Subordinated debt State and political subdivisions June 30, 2022 U.S. Government agencies Mortgage-backed GSEs State and political subdivisions Following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and recognized in the accompanying balance sheets, as well as the general classification of such assets pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. There are liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis. There have been no significant changes in the valuation techniques during the year ended June 30, 2023. Available-for-sale Securities Where quoted market prices are available in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. If quoted market prices are not available, then fair values are estimated by using quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or independent asset pricing services and pricing models, the inputs of which are market-based or independently sourced market parameters, including, but not limited to, yield curves, interest rates, volatilities, prepayments, defaults, cumulative loss projections and cash flows. Such securities are classified in Level 2 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Level 3 securities. Nonrecurring Measurements At June 30, 2023, the Company had loan measured at fair value with a carrying value of , which is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The fair value of the loan is estimated using third-party appraisals of the collateral, less estimated costs to sell. The Company had assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at June 30, 2022. The estimated fair values of the Company s financial instruments not carried at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets are as follows: Loans, net FHLB Stock Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities: Deposits Borrowings Accrued interest payable June 30, 2022 Financial assets: Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing time deposits Loans, net FHLB Stock Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities: Deposits Accrued interest payable Limitations: Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time, based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time the Company s entire holdings of a particular financial instrument. Fair value estimates may not be realizable in an immediate settlement of the instrument. In some instances, there are no quoted market prices for the Company s various financial instruments, in which case fair values may be based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques, or based on judgments regarding future expected loss experience, current economic conditions, risk characteristic of the financial instruments, or other factors. Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimate of future cash flows. Subsequent changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Undisbursed balance of loans closed Total Unrealized gains (losses) on available for sale securities ) Unrealized valuation gain on defined benefit obligation Tax benefit from unrealized gains (losses) Net current period other comprehensive loss ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss at June 30, 2023 ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss at June 30, 2021 ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassification ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net current period other comprehensive loss ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss at June 30, 2022 ) 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Tax effect ) Total security reclassifications for the period 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 Investment in Van Wert Federal Savings Bank Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Liabilities Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Shareholders Equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity General, Adminstrative and Other Expenses Salaries and employee benefits Professional services Total Loss before income tax benefit and equity in loss of subsidiary ) Income tax benefits ) Loss before equity in loss of subsidiary ) Equity in loss of Van Wert Federal Savings Bank ) Net Loss ) 
 73 

Table of Contents) Items not requiring (providing) cash: Equity in loss of subsidiary Shares allocated to ESOP Net change in other assets and liabilities Net cash used in operating activities ) Investing Activities Investment in subsidiary ) Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock Net change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures Disclosure Controls and Procedures An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of June 30, 2023. These disclosure controls and procedures are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, such as this report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding the required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, the Company s management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of June 30, 2023. Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The Company s management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over the Company s financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the Company s financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. As of June 30, 2023, the Company s management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth in the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on the assessment using those criteria, management identified material weaknesses related to the Company s internal control over financial reporting and, as such, concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of June 30, 2023. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weaknesses were identified in the Company s internal control over financial reporting: The Company s control environment failed to demonstrate a commitment to attract, develop, and retain competent individuals in the area of internal control over financial reporting. The material weakness did not result in a misstatement. The Company failed to design and maintain effective controls over segregation of duties with respect to the review, posting and approval of journal entries. The material weakness did not result in a misstatement. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 The Company failed to design and maintain effective controls over the timely preparation and review of account reconciliations. The material weakness did not result in a misstatement. The Company failed to fully evaluate ASU2016-13 and the quantitative impacts of the adoption of that standard. The standard was to be adopted as of July 1, 2023 and would not have impacted financial results as of June 30, 2023. As such, the material weakness did not result in a misstatement. 
 Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm This report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only the management s report in this report. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting During the quarter ended June 30, 2023, there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. The Company appointed a new President and Chief Executive Officer on January 1, 2023 and a new Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer on April 17, 2023 and the Company s management intends to continue to develop and implement its internal controls over financial reporting. Management is currently working on new and enhanced controls, however, the controls have not been designed and/or operated for a sufficient amount of time to conclude that the material weaknesses have been remediated. We will continue to monitor the effectiveness of these controls and will make any further changes management determines appropriate. ITEM 9B. Other Information None. ITEM 9C . D isclosure R egarding F oreign J urisdictions That P revent I nspections Not applicable. PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information relating to the directors and officers of the Company, information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and information regarding the audit committee and audit committee financial expert is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement under the captions Proposal 1 Election of Directors, Executive Officers, Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance, Nominating Committee Procedures Procedures to be Followed by Stockholders, Corporate Governance Committees of the Board of Directors and Audit Committee is incorporated herein by reference. The Company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to its principal executive officer, the principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. The Code of Ethics is posted on the Van Wert Federal s Internet Web site. ITEM 11. Executive Compensation The information regarding executive compensation, compensation committee interlocks and insider participation is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement under the captions Executive Officers Executive Compensation and Director Compensation. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters (a) Securities Authorized for issuance under Stock-Based Compensation Plans 
 None. (b) Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 
 Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Stock Ownership in the Proxy Statement. (c) Security Ownership of Management 
 Information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section captioned Stock Ownership in the Proxy Statement. (d) Changes in Control 
 Management of the Company knows of no arrangements, including any pledge by any person or securities of the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the registrant. ITEM 13. C ertain Relationships and R elated T ransactions , and D irector I ndependence The information relating to certain relationships and related transactions and director independence is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement under the captions Transactions with Related Persons and Proposal 1 Election of Directors. ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The information relating to the principal accounting fees and expenses is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement under the captions Proposal III Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Audit Fees and Pre-Approval of Services by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of VWF Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed March 11, 2022) 3.2 Bylaws of VWF Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed March 11, 2022) 4.1 Form of Common Stock Certificate of VWF Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed March 11, 2022) 4.2 Description of Securities of VWF Bancorp, Inc. Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed September 28, 2022) 10.1 Executive Agreement with Gary L. Clay (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 18, 2022) 10.2 Salary Continuation Agreement for Gary L. Clay (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed March 11, 2022) 10.3 Van Wert Federal Savings Bank Split Dollar Life Insurance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed March 11, 2022) 10.4 Form of Van Wert Federal Savings Bank Split Dollar Life Insurance Plan Participation Agreement for Certain Executive Officers and Directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed March 11, 2022) 10.5 Employment Agreement with Michael D. Cahill (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 3, 2022) 10.6 Employment Agreement with Richard W. Brackin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 21, 2023 10.7 Change in Control Agreement with Andrew D. Holy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 1, 2023) 21.1 Subsidiaries of VWF Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed March 11, 2022) 31.1 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101 The following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, formatted in XBRL: (i) Balance Sheets, (ii) Statements of Operations, (iii) Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) Changes in Stockholders Equity, (v) Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to the Financial Statements (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) Filed concurrently herewith Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement ITEM 16 . Form 10-K Summary None. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

VWF BANCORP, INC. Date: October 6, 2023 By: /s/ Michael D. Cahill Michael D. Cahill President and Chief Executive Officer (Duly Authorized Representative) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signatures Title Date /s/ Michael D. Cahill Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) October 6, 2023 Michael D. Cahill /s/ Richard W. Brackin Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) October 6, 2023 Richard W. Brackin /s/ Gary L. Clay Director (Chairman of the Board) October 6, 2023 Gary L. Clay /s/ Jon Bagley Director October 6, 2023 Jon Bagley /s/ Charles F. Koch Director October 6, 2023 Charles F. Koch /s/ Michael Keysor Director October 6, 2023 Michael Keysor /s/ Thomas Turnwald Director October 6, 2023 Thomas Turnwald 
 79 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 vwfb-20230630xex4d2.htm
 EX-4.2

Exhibit 4.2 Description of Securities of VWF Bancorp, Inc. Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Common Stock, 0.01 Par Value Per Share General VWF Bancorp is authorized to issue 14,000,000 shares of common stock, par value of 0.01 per share. Dividends VWF Bancorp can pay dividends on its common stock if, after giving effect to such distribution, (i) it would be able to pay its indebtedness as the indebtedness comes due in the usual course of business and (ii) its total assets exceed the sum of its liabilities and the amount needed, if it were to be dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of any holders of capital stock who have a preference in the event of dissolution. The holders of common stock of VWF Bancorp are entitled to receive and share equally in dividends as may be declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. If VWF Bancorp issues shares of preferred stock, the holders of preferred stock may have a priority over the holders of the common stock with respect to dividends. Voting Right s The holders of common stock of VWF Bancorp have exclusive voting rights in VWF Bancorp. They elect its board of directors and act on other matters as are required to be presented to them under Maryland law or as are otherwise presented to them by the board of directors. Generally, each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote per share and do not have any right to cumulate votes in the election of directors. Any person who beneficially owns more than 10 of the then-outstanding shares of VWF Bancorp s common stock, however, is not be entitled or permitted to vote any shares of common stock held in excess of the 10 limit. Amendments to the articles of incorporation generally require a two-thirds vote, and certain amendments require an 80 stockholder vote. Liquidation In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Van Wert Federal, VWF Bancorp, as the holder of all of Van Wert Federal s capital stock, would be entitled to receive all assets of Van Wert Federal available for distribution, after payment or provision for payment of all debts and liabilities of Van Wert Federal, including all deposit accounts and accrued interest thereon, and after distribution of the balance in the liquidation account established in connection with Van Wert Federal s conversion from the mutual form of organization to the stock form of organization . In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of VWF Bancorp, the holders of its common stock would be entitled to receive, after payment or provision for payment of all its debts and liabilities, all of the assets of VWF Bancorp available for distribution. Preemptive Rights; Redemption Holders of the common stock of VWF Bancorp are not be entitled to preemptive rights with respect to any shares that may be issued, unless such preemptive rights are approved by the board of directors. The common stock is not subject to redemption. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 vwfb-20230630xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31 .1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Michael D. Cahill, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of VWF Bancorp, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to me by others within the entity, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 6, 2023 /s/ Michael D. Cahill Michael D. Cahill President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 vwfb-20230630xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 3 1.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Richard W. Brackin, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of VWF Bancorp, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to me by others within the entity, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 6, 2023 /s/ Richard W. Brackin Richard W. Brackin Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 vwfb-20230630xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32 .1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Michael D. Cahill, President and Chief Executive Officer of VWF Bancorp, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify in my capacity as an executive officer of the Company that I have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (the Report and that, to the best of my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 6, 2023 /s/ Michael D. Cahill Michael D. Cahill President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 vwfb-20230630xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32 .2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Richard W. Brackin, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of VWF Bancorp, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify in my capacity as an executive officer of the Company that I have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 (the Report and that, to the best of my knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 6, 2023 /s/ Richard W. Brackin Richard W. Brackin Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 vwfb-20230630.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 vwfb-20230630_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 vwfb-20230630_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 vwfb-20230630_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 vwfb-20230630_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

