<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231114_10-K_edgar_data_1892316_0001213900-23-086498.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4470752</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>193488</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1049204</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>937918</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1110278</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1080703</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-086498.hdr.sgml : 20231114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231114101512
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-086498
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Longduoduo Co Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001892316
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HEALTH SERVICES [8000]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-260951
		FILM NUMBER:		231402399

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4-419, 2ND LIGHT HOSPITAL, ORDOS STREET
		STREET 2:		HOHHOT, INNER MONGOLIA
		CITY:			HOHHOT
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 (0472) 510 4980

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4-419, 2ND LIGHT HOSPITAL, ORDOS STREET
		STREET 2:		HOHHOT, INNER MONGOLIA
		CITY:			HOHHOT
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			00000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-086498.txt : 20231114

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_longduoduo.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year
ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition
period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification Number) 

, 

, 

Yuquan District, Hohhot, 

, 

Office: )

(Address, including zip
code, and telephone number, including area code, 

of Registrant s
principal executive offices) 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 Not Applicable 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, 0.001 par value. 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark
if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and
will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 1 0-K. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an
emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting
firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark
whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by
any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12 b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

Indicate the number of
shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

As of the date of filing
of this report, there were outstanding shares of the issuer s common stock, par value 0.001 per share. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED
BY REFERENCE 

None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 23 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 23 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 23 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 23 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 24 
 
 Item 6. 
 [ Reserved] 
 24 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 25 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 28 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 29 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 29 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 30 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 30 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 
 31 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 33 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 34 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 35 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 35 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 
 36 

i 

PART I 

Cautionary Statement
Regarding Forward Looking Statements 

The discussion contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the United States
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Any statements about
our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking.
These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases like anticipate, estimate, 
 plans, projects, continuing, ongoing, target, expects, 
 management believes, we believe, we intend, we may, we will, we
should, we seek, we plan, the negative of those terms, and similar words or phrases. We base these
forward-looking statements on our expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about our business and the industry in which we
operate as of the date of this Form 10-K. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that cannot
be predicted, quantified or controlled and that could cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in, contemplated
by, or underlying the forward-looking statements. Statements in this Form 10-K describe factors, among others, that could contribute
to or cause these differences. Actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, projected or expected should one
or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect. Because the factors discussed in
this Form 10-K could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made
by us or on our behalf, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statement. New factors emerge from time to time,
and it is not possible for us to predict which will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or
the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statement. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to publicly revise our forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances that arise after the date of this Form 10-K. 

NOTE REGARDING REVERSE
STOCK SPLIT 

Effective on September
26, 2023, Longduoduo Company Limited implemented a one-for-ten reverse split of its common stock. To facilitate comparative analysis,
all statements in this Report regarding numbers of shares of common stock and all references to prices of a share of common stock, if
referencing events or circumstances occurring prior to September 26, 2023, have been modified to reflect the effect of the reverse stock
split on a pro forma basis. 

Item 1. Business 

Corporate Structure 

Longduoduo Company Limited Longduoduo was incorporated in the State of Nevada on October 25, 2021. Longduoduo s principal corporate address
is 419, Floor 4, Comprehensive Building, Second Light Hospital, Ordos Street, Yuquan District, Hohhot, Inner Mongolia, China, 010000.
Our telephone number is +86 (0472) 510 4980. Our registered agent for service of process is Incorp Services, Inc., 3773 Howard Hughes
Pkwy, Suite 500S, Las Vegas Nevada 89169-6014. Our website address is www.longduoduo.net. Our website and the information contained on,
or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this prospectus,
and the inclusion of our website address in this prospectus is an inactive textual reference only. You should not rely on any such information
in making your decision whether to purchase our common stock. 

Longduoduo through its
operating subsidiaries, which are headquartered in Hohhot, Ordos, Baotou and Ulanqab of China, is engaged in the business of providing
comprehensive and high-quality preventive healthcare solutions and agent sales of preventive healthcare solutions. Through third-party
healthcare service providers, we provide a wide range of comprehensive preventive healthcare services including disease screening, healthcare
treatments, healthcare products and other services. The Company mainly focus on prevention of myocardial infarction, cerebral infarction,
hemiplegia, and cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases. Our customers are primarily individual customers who have been introduced
by our other customers and our sales agents. Longduoduo also focus on agent sales of healthcare services and products. Longduoduo currently
has 65 full-time employees. 

1 

The following chart describes
our current corporate structure: 

Longduoduo Company
Limited (Hong Kong) Longduoduo HK ), was established on July 26, 2021 under the laws of Hong Kong. On October 26,
2021, Longduoduo issued 30,000,000 shares of its common stock to the original shareholders of Longduoduo HK, in exchange for 100 of the
outstanding shares of Longduoduo HK (the Share Exchange ). 

Longduoduo Health Technology
Company Limited Longduoduo Health Technology ), a privately held Limited Company, registered in Inner Mongolia, China on
August 20, 2020. On August 16, 2021, Longduoduo HK acquired 100 of Longduoduo Health Technology from the original shareholders of Longduoduo
Health Technology. 

Inner Mongolia Qingguo
Health Consulting Company Limited Qingguo ), a privately held Limited Company, registered in Inner Mongolia, China on June
18, 2020. On September 8, 2020, Longduoduo Health Technology acquired 90 of Qingguo from the original shareholders of Qingguo. 

Inner Mongolia Rongbin
Health Consulting Company Limited Rongbin ), a privately held Limited Company, registered in Inner Mongolia, China on March
18, 2021. Longduoduo Health Technology has controlled 80 of Rongbin since inception. 

Inner Mongolia Chengheng
Health Consulting Company Limited Chengheng ), a privately held Limited Company, registered in Inner Mongolia, China on
April 9, 2021. Longduoduo Health Technology has controlled 80 of Chengheng since inception. 

Inner Mongolia Tianju
Health Consulting Company Limited Tianju ), a privately held Limited Company registered in Inner Mongolia, China on July
5, 2021. Longduoduo Health Technology has controlled 51 of Tianju since inception. 

The transactions summarized
above are treated in our financial statements as a corporate restructuring (reorganization) of entities under common control, as each
of the seven entities have at all times been under the control of Mr. Zhang Liang. Therefore, in accordance with ASC 805-50-45-5, the
current capital structure has been retroactively presented in prior periods as if such structure existed at that time and the entities
under common control are presented on a combined basis for all periods. Since all of the subsidiaries were under common control for all
periods presented, the results of these subsidiaries are included in the Company s financial statements for all periods. 

Our Business 

Our operating subsidiaries,
Longduoduo Health Technology, Qingguo, Rongbin, Chengheng and Tianju, through third-party healthcare service providers, provide comprehensive
and high-quality preventive healthcare solutions, and also provide agent sales of preventive healthcare solutions. These preventive healthcare
solutions include a wide range of comprehensive preventive healthcare services, including disease screening, healthcare treatments, healthcare
products and other services. The Company mainly focuses on prevention of myocardial infarction, cerebral infarction, hemiplegia, and cardiovascular
and cerebrovascular diseases. 

2 

Our operating subsidiaries
cooperate with our third-party healthcare service providers such as hospitals to serve customers located in Hohhot, Ordos, Baotou and
Ulanqab of China. We believe that by building a network of third-party healthcare service providers, product suppliers and our sales agents,
we can offer a broader array of products and services to potential customers. Working with our third-party healthcare service providers,
the Company provides preventive healthcare solutions including the below: 

Meridian-regulating
and Consciousness-restoring Iatrotechnics- a traditional Chinese medicine treatment that is anti-thrombotic to prevent and treat cardiovascular
and cerebrovascular diseases. 

Double
Blood Purification treatment for cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases that involves the removal of pathogens and toxins
from the blood through physical means such as filtration. 

Immunological
Ozonated Autohemotherapy; the Third-generation Ozone Therapy Device Autologous Blood Immunotherapy - prevention and treatment
of cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases relying on the use of an ozone therapy device to remove pathogens and toxins from the
blood. 

PRP
(platelet-rich plasma) prevention and treatment of joint inflammation and injury through the use of platelet rich plasma. 

Relaxation
therapy - a traditional Chinese medicine treatment that is used to treat joint function limitation caused by soft tissue adhesion such
as periarthritis of shoulder 

Vegetative
Nerve Regulation - a treatment to treat neck, shoulder, back and leg pain 

Microwave
Therapy through the use of specific equipment, heat is provided deep into the skin to reduce inflammation, detumescence, relieve
pain and improve tissue blood circulation, prevent and cure lumbar muscle strain, arthritis, periarthritis of shoulder and other diseases. 

All medical services
above are provided by our healthcare service providers that are licensed medical institutions such as hospitals or medical clinics. These
medical services are provided directly to our customer by our healthcare service providers, and our healthcare service providers bear
the risk in medical procedures. 

Our operating subsidiaries
have contracted with six third-party healthcare service providers. The contracts are set out below: 

Leasing
and Cooperation Agreement, dated March 26, 2021 and expiring on March 31, 2026, by and between Inner Mongolia Qinguo Health Consulting
Co., Ltd. and Hohhot Aihua Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital, which is located in Hohhot. Under the terms of this agreement, Hohhot
Aihua Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital offers services such as Immunological Ozonated Autohemotherapy , Meridian-regulating
and Consciousness-restoring Iatrotechnics , PRP , Relaxation therapy , Vegetative Nerve Regulation
(anterior) and other conventional therapies. 

Leasing
and Cooperation Agreement, dated October 15, 2020 and expiring on October 15, 2025, by and between Longduoduo Health Technology Co.,
Ltd and Batou Jinshi Zhongyi Nephropathy Hospital, which is located in Baotou. Under the terms of this agreement, Batou Jinshi Zhongyi
Nephropathy Hospital offers services such as Meridian-regulating and Consciousness-restoring Iatrotechnics , Double
Blood Purification and Immunological Ozonated Autohemotherapy etc. 

3 

Cooperation
Agreement, dated May 29, 2021 and expiring on May 28, 2026, by and between Inner Mongolia Chengheng Health Consulting Co., Ltd and Zhongyi
Hospital Branch of Inner Mongolia Jiuzun Health Examination Co., Ltd, which is located in Ordos. Under the terms of this agreement, Zhongyi
Hospital Branch of Inner Mongolia Jiuzun Health Examination Co., Ltd offers services such as the Third-generation Ozone Therapy
Device Autologous Blood Immunotherapy etc. 

Leasing
and Cooperation Agreement, dated June 20, 2021 and expiring on June 19, 2022, by and between Longduoduo Health Technology Co., Ltd and
Ulanqab Mengzhong Rehabilitation TCM Hospital Co., Ltd, which is located in Ulanqab. Under the terms of this agreement, Ulanqab Mengzhong
Rehabilitation TCM Hospital Co., Ltd offers services such as Immunological Ozonated Autohemotherapy , Meridian-regulating
and Consciousness-restoring Iatrotechnics , PRP , Relaxation therapy , Vegetative Nerve Regulation 
and other conventional therapies. 

Cooperation
Contract for Microwave Therapy, dated March 28, 2021 and expiring on March 28, 2024, by and between Inner Mongolia Rongbin Health Consulting
Co., Ltd and Wu Yumei, which is located in Baotou. Under the terms of this agreement, Wu Yumei offers services such as Microwave
Therapy . 

Cooperation
Agreement, dated September 5, 2021 and expiring on September 4, 2026, by and between Longduoduo Health Technology Co., Ltd and Ordos
Xinhai Yihecheng Mengzhongyi Hospital, which is located in Ordos. Under the terms of this agreement, Ordos Xinhai Yihecheng Mengzhongyi
Hospital offers +services such as Immunological Ozonated Autohemotherapy , 2000ml Immunological Ozonated Autohemotherapy 
and Meridian-regulating and Consciousness-restoring Iatrotechnics etc. 

Our operating subsidiaries
pay service fees to these third-party healthcare service providers based on the number of health products, medical examinations and the
services they provide for our customers. We carefully select our third-party healthcare service provider based on our internal assessment
of the quality of the provider s institution and staff. We assess potential third-party healthcare service providers and chose future
third-party healthcare service providers that fit our business based on the following points: 

Services-whether
service providers provide the required or complementary services, the venue qualifications for the cooperation programs as well
as the management of medical quality safety, medical staff, medicines and consumables etc; 

Location-
whether the venue is convenient for our customers. 

Price-
whether the medical examination and treatment price is acceptable. 

Reputation-whether
the providers have a good reputation. 

Equipment-whether
the provider possess advanced medical equipment. 

From June of 2023, the
Company began to engage in agent sales business and focused on the sales of preventive healthcare solutions from our providers. Our operating
subsidiaries have contracted with Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management Co., LTD Honghai ). The contracts are set out
below: 

Sales Agency Agreements,
dated June 20, 2023 and expiring on June 20, 2026, by and between Longduoduo Health Technology Co., Ltd, Inner Mongolia Rongbin Health
Consulting Co., Ltd, Inner Mongolia Chengheng Health Consulting Co., Ltd, Inner Mongolia Qinguo Health Consulting Co., Ltd, Inner Mongolia
Tianju Health Consulting Company Limited and Inner Mongolia Honghai Health Management Co., LTD. Under the terms of these agreements, our
operating subsidiaries provide agent sales of Honghai s preventive healthcare solutions such as Immunological Ozonated Autohemotherapy ,
 2000ml Immunological Ozonated Autohemotherapy and Meridian-regulating and Consciousness-restoring Iatrotechnics 
etc. 

In the long run, by leveraging
our growing network of medical centers, large and loyal customer base, established demographic and disease information database, we plan
to expand the scope of our service offerings and ultimately establish our company as a leading health management service provider and
sales agency in China. We intend to achieve our goal by implementing the following strategies: 

further
expanding our product offerings; 

continuing
to expand our network coverage nationwide; and 

further
upgrading our service standards to enhance the customer experience. 

4 

The successful execution
of our business plan is subject to risks and uncertainties related to our business and industry, including those relating to our ability
to: 

maintain
and enhance the recognition and reputation of our Longduoduo brand; 

compete
effectively; 

manage
our growth or execute our strategies effectively; 

provide
superior customer experience and offer services at attractive prices to meet customer needs and preferences; 

manage
and expand our relationships with suppliers and third-party service providers; and 

secure
and retain the services of qualified personnel. 

We face significant competition
from two main types of competitors: the medical examination departments of major public hospitals and private medical examination companies.
Some of our current or future competitors may have longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, better supplier relationships,
larger customer bases or greater financial, technical or marketing resources than we do. There is no assurance that we will be able to
successfully compete against these larger and better funded competitors. 

Our performance will
be largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Future success depends on our continuing ability to identify,
hire, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified personnel for all areas of our organization. Competition for such qualified employees
is intense. If we do not succeed in attracting excellent personnel or in retaining or motivating them, we may be unable to grow effectively. 

We rely on our third-party
healthcare service providers to provide services to our customers under cooperation arrangements with us. We require and expect these
third-party healthcare service providers to possess the licenses and qualifications that are required for their operations and to adhere
to certain performance standards both in terms of customer service and the quality of the medical care that they provide. We generally
do not have control over the quality of service or medical care that these third-parties provide. They may not at all times possess the
permits or qualifications required by laws and regulations or may fail to meet other regulatory requirements for their operations. In
addition, they may engage in conduct which our customers find unacceptable, including providing poor service, mishandling sensitive personal
healthcare information and committing medical malpractice. 

Operating Licenses 

Our products and services
are subject to regulation by governmental agencies in the PRC and Inner Mongolia Province. Business and company registrations are certified
on a regular basis and must be in compliance with the laws and regulations of the PRC and provincial and local governments and industry
agencies, which are controlled and monitored through the issuance of licenses. Our licenses include: 

Longduoduo
Health Technology s operating license enables us to undertake medical information consulting services, corporate management consulting,
health management consulting services and so on. The registration number is 91150104MA0QTDXG5T, which is valid from August 20, 2020,
and expires on August 19, 2050. 

Qingguo s
operating license enables us to undertake sales of food, health management consulting services; medical information consulting services
and so on. The registration number is 91150104MA13Q5X152, which is valid from June 18, 2020, with no expiration date. 

Rongbin s
operating license enables us to undertake medical information consulting services, corporate management consulting, health management
consulting services and so on. The registration number is 91150207MA13UKC301, which is valid from March 18, 2021, and expires on March
17, 2051. 

Chengheng s
operating license enables us to undertake medical information consulting services, corporate management consulting, health management
consulting services and so on. The registration number is 91150602MA7YN4JE2Q, which is valid from April 09, 2021, and expires on April
08, 2051. 

5 

Tianju s
operating license enables us to undertake sales of class I medical equipment, pre-packaged food, hygiene products, cosmetics, and disinfection
products; health management consulting services; medical information consulting services; software development; biotechnology promotion
services; beauty services (excluding medical beauty), technical services, and technology Consultation; leasing of medical equipment.
The registration number is 91150902MA7YPWL408, which is valid from July 5, 2021 to July 4, 2051. 

Competition 

We face significant competition
from two main types of competitors: the medical examination departments of major public hospitals and private medical examination companies.
The private medical examination market is further segmented into (i) large national companies; (ii) regional providers; (iii) numerous
local independent medical examination centers located in nearly every city in China; and other sales agencies of health services. 

We believe our primary
competitive advantages over our competitors include: 

strong
sales and marketing efforts; and 

the
innovation of the market business idea and flexible management mechanism. 

We believe that we are
well-positioned to effectively compete on the basis of the factors listed above. However, some of our current or future competitors may
have longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, better supplier relationships, larger customer bases or greater financial,
technical or marketing resources than we do. There is no assurance that we will be able to successfully compete against these larger and
better funded competitors. 

Income Taxes 

United States 

Longduoduo Company Limited
is subject to a tax rate of 21 in the United States of America. 

Hong Kong 

Longduoduo HK was
incorporated in Hong Kong and is subject to Hong Kong profits tax. Longduoduo HK is subject to Hong Kong taxation on its activities conducted
in Hong Kong and income arising in or derived from Hong Kong. The applicable statutory tax rate is 16.5 . The Company did not have
any income (loss) subject to the Hong Kong profits tax. 

China 

Longduoduo Health Technology
and subsidiaries are subject to a 25 standard enterprise income tax in the PRC. There was no provision for income taxes for the year
ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Employees 

The Company has 65 full-time
employees. Of those 65, Qingguo has 15 full-time employees, Rongbin has 21 full-time employees, Chengheng has 9 full-time employees, Tianju
has 10 full-time employees and Longduoduo Health Technology has 10 full-time employees. 

The Company s employees
include 19 with management responsibilities, 17 with administrative and operations responsibilities, and 29 responsible for customer services. 

All of our employees
are located in the PRC. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or similar collective bargaining organization. 

6 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

An investment in our
common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and other information in this 10K
before deciding to invest in our Company. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results
of operations could be seriously harmed. As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part
of your investment. 

Risks Related to
Our Business 

Our independent
registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Company s operations
have been financed primarily by advances and loans from related parties and proceeds from sales of shares. Zhang Liang was the primary
sources of financing for the early operations of the entity. Nevertheless, there can be no assurance that we would be able to raise the
additional funding needed to implement our business plans or cover unanticipated costs. 

Since we are an early
stage company, have not generated significant revenues and have experienced recurring losses, an investment in the shares offered herein
is highly risky and could result in a complete loss of your investment if we are unsuccessful in implementing our business plans. 

Further, we cannot guarantee
that we will be successful in realizing sufficient revenues or in achieving or sustaining positive cash flows at any time in the future.
Any such failure could result in the possible closure of our business or force us to seek additional financing through loans or additional
sales of our equity securities to continue business operations, which could dilute the value of any shares you purchase. 

Changes in United
States and China relations, as well as relations with other countries, and/or regulations may adversely impact our business, our operating
results, our ability to raise capital and the market price of our shares. 

The U.S. government,
including the SEC, has made statements and taken certain actions that led to changes to United States and international relations, and
will impact companies with connections to the United States or China, including imposing several rounds of tariffs affecting certain products
manufactured in China, imposing certain sanctions and restrictions in relation to China and issuing statements indicating enhanced review
of companies with significant China-based operations. It is unknown whether and to what extent new legislation, executive orders, tariffs,
laws or regulations will be adopted, or the effect that any such actions would have on companies with significant connections to the U.S.
or to China, our industry or on us. Any unfavorable government policies on cross-border relations and/or international trade, including
increased scrutiny on companies with significant China-based operations, capital controls or tariffs, may affect our ability to raise
capital and the market price of our shares. 

Furthermore, the SEC
has issued statements primarily focused on companies with significant China-based operations, such as us. For example, on July 30, 2021,
Gary Gensler, Chairman of the SEC, issued a Statement on Investor Protection Related to Recent Developments in China, pursuant to which
Chairman Gensler stated that he has asked the SEC staff to engage in targeted additional reviews of filings for companies with significant
China-based operations. The statement also addressed risks inherent in companies with a Variable Interest Entity, or a VIE structure.
We do not have a VIE structure and are not in an industry that is subject to foreign ownership limitations by China. Further, we believe
that we have robust disclosures relating to our operations in China, including the relevant risks noted in Chairman Gensler s statement.
However, it is possible that the Company s periodic reports and other filings with the SEC may be subject to enhanced review by
the SEC and this additional scrutiny could affect our ability to effectively raise capital in the United States. 

7 

In response to the SEC s
July 30 statement, the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) announced on August 1, 2021, that it is our belief that Chinese
and U.S. regulators shall continue to enhance communication with the principle of mutual respect and cooperation, and properly address
the issues related to the supervision of China-based companies listed in the U.S. so as to form stable policy expectations and create
benign rules framework for the market. While the CSRC will continue to collaborate closely with different stakeholders including
investors, companies, and relevant authorities to further promote transparency and certainty of policies and implementing measures, 
it emphasized that it has always been open to companies choices to list their securities on international or domestic markets
in compliance with relevant laws and regulations. 

If any new legislation,
executive orders, tariffs, laws and/or regulations are implemented, if existing trade agreements are renegotiated or if the U.S. or Chinese
governments take retaliatory actions due to the recent U.S.-China tension, such changes could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations, our ability to raise capital and the market price of our shares. 

COVID-19 has
adversely impacted our business and may further impact our business, financial results and liquidity for an unknown period of time. 

The COVID-19 pandemic
has led government and other authorities to impose measures intended to control its spread, including restrictions on freedom of movement,
gatherings of large numbers of people, and temporary closure of business operations. With respect to the Longduoduo business, the primary
adverse result of the COVID-19 pandemic has been a serious interruption from time to time caused by temporary closure of business
operations, especially the third-party healthcare service providers who were required to temporarily close. In particular, as our third-party
healthcare service provider are the key to patients treatment, our inability to supply third-party healthcare services due to COVID-19
restrictions seriously delayed the growth of our business. 

In response to COVID-19,
we took steps to reduce operating costs and improve efficiency, including slowing down our business plan. The interruption of our third-party
healthcare services supply and the steps we took to reduce the risk to our employees from COVID-19 both negatively impacted our schedule
for achieving development of our business. 

Since December 2022,
many of the restrictive measures previously adopted by the PRC governments at various levels to control the spread of the COVID-19 virus
have been revoked or replaced with more flexible measures. The revocation or replacement of the restrictive measures to contain the COVID-19
pandemic could have a positive impact on the Company s normal operations. 

We are unable to predict
the extent to which the pandemic and related impacts may adversely impact our business operations, financial performance, consolidated
results of operations and consolidated financial position in the future or interfere with the achievement of our strategic objectives. 

We rely on third
party providers to provide our offered services and could be liable and suffer reputational harm if a third-party service provider provides
inferior service or harms a customer, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects. 

We rely on our third-party
healthcare service providers to provide services to our customers under cooperation arrangements with us. We require and expect these
third-party healthcare service providers to possess the licenses and qualifications that are required for their operations and to adhere
to certain performance standards both in terms of customer service and the quality of the medical care that they provide. We generally
do not have control over the quality of service or medical care that these third-parties provide. They may not at all times possess the
permits or qualifications required by laws and regulations or may fail to meet other regulatory requirements for their operations. In
addition, they may engage in conduct which our customers find unacceptable, including providing poor service, mishandling sensitive personal
healthcare information and committing medical malpractice. We could be exposed to reputational harm and possible liability as a result
of our having serviced a customer through a third-party service provider that performs unsatisfactorily, which may result in a materially
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

8 

A computer system
failure, security breach or a breach of data privacy or security obligations may disrupt our business, damage our reputation and adversely
affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We rely on computer and
information systems and internet and network connectivity to conduct a large portion of our business operations. This includes the need
to securely store, process and transmit confidential information, including personal information. In many cases this also includes transmission
and processing to or through commercial customers, business partners and third-party service providers. The introduction of new technologies,
computer system failures, cyber-crime attacks or security or privacy breaches may materially disrupt our business operations, damage our
reputation, result in regulatory and litigation exposure, investigation and remediation costs, and materially and adversely affect our
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

The information security
risk that we face includes the risk of malicious outside forces using public networks and other methods, including social engineering
and the exploitation of targeted offline processes, to attack our systems and information. It also includes inside threats, both malicious
and accidental. For example, human error and lack of sufficiently automated processing can result in improper information exposure or
use. We also face risk in this area due to our reliance in many cases on third-party systems, all of which may face cyber and information
security risks of their own. Third-party administrators or distribution partners used by us or our subsidiaries may not adequately secure
their own information systems and networks, or may not adequately keep pace with the dynamic changes in this area. Potential bad actors
that target us and our applicable third parties may include, but are not limited to, criminal organizations, foreign government bodies,
political factions, and others. There is no guarantee that the measures that we take will be sufficient to stop all types of attacks or
mitigate all types of information security or privacy risks. 

If we fail to maintain
adequate processes and controls or if we or our business partners fail to comply with relevant laws and regulations, policies and procedures,
misappropriation or intentional or unintentional inappropriate disclosure or misuse of personal information or other confidential information
could occur. Such control inadequacies or non-compliance could cause disrupted operations and misstated or unreliable financial data,
materially damage our reputation or lead to increased regulatory scrutiny or civil or criminal penalties or litigation, which, in turn,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we analyse personal
information and customer data to better manage our business, subject to applicable laws and regulations and other restrictions. It is
possible that additional regulatory or other restrictions regarding the use of such techniques may be imposed. Such restrictions and obligations
could have material impacts on our business, financial conditions and/or results of operations. 

We operate in a
competitive environment and competing facilities and services could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects. 

There are numerous hospitals
and private clinics providing medical examination services and, at the high end of the market, many Chinese hospitals have VIP wards that
cater to affluent customers. We face significant competition from two main types of competitors: the medical examination departments of
major public hospitals and private medical examination companies. The private preventive healthcare market is further segmented into large
franchise companies, regional providers and numerous local independent medical examination centers located in nearly every city in China.
We compete primarily on the basis of price, quality of service, convenience, location, brand recognition and reputation. We do not have
the same level of brand recognition as some of the medical examination centers of large public hospitals, and in some regional markets
our brand is not as established and our geographical coverage is not as extensive as that of our private competitors. Furthermore, we
lack the equipment necessary for certain highly technical medical tests. Many competing hospitals that are government-owned are exempt
from income taxes on their medical income, which provides them with a significant competitive advantage over us. Furthermore, competing
hospitals, clinics or other facilities may commence new operations or expand existing operations, which would increase their competitive
position and potentially erode our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

9 

We have incurred
significant net losses and we may continue to experience significant losses in the future. 

We have incurred significant
net losses since our inception. We had net income of 21,085 and net loss of 7,563,565 in the 2023 and 2022 fiscal years, respectively.
We had an accumulated deficit of 7,885,080 as of June 30, 2023. We cannot assure you that we will be able to generate net profits or
positive cash flow from operating activities in the future. The deficit occurred because the company paid a lot of marketing expense to
exploit the market and expand our scale. We intend to continue to exploit the market and expand our nationwide network coverage. As a
result of these planned expenditures, we believe that we may incur net losses or modest income for some time in the future. 

We may not be able
to effectively control and manage our planned growth. 

We have limited operational,
administrative and financial resources, which may be inadequate to sustain the growth we want to achieve. If our business and markets
grow and develop, it will be necessary for us to finance and manage expansion accordingly. In addition, we may face challenges in managing
our expanding service offerings. Such growth would place increased demands on our existing management, employees and facilities. Our failure
to meet these demands could interrupt or adversely affect our operations and cause administrative inefficiencies. Additionally, failure
to execute our planned growth strategy could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. 

Expansion of our
healthcare services could be affected by the expansion of government-sponsored social medical insurance available to the Chinese population
that is not available now. 

Most government-sponsored
social medical insurance in China does not cover medical examinations. In certain locations where government-sponsored social medical
insurance covers medical examinations, we have cooperating hospitals that are qualified institutions under such insurance coverage. Currently,
most of our individual customers pay directly for medical examinations. If government-sponsored social medical insurance is further expanded
to cover medical examinations in more geographical locations, and Longduoduo does not become a qualified institution for such coverage,
certain of our customers may discontinue or terminate their relationship with us, and certain individual customers may opt to use other
medical institutions covered by such medical insurance rather than pay for our services. As a result, the expansion of government-sponsored
social medical insurance could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Additional capital,
if needed, may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all, and any additional financing may be on terms adverse to your interests. 

We may need additional
cash to fund our operations. Our capital needs will depend on numerous factors, including market conditions and our profitability. We
cannot be certain that we will be able to obtain additional financing on favorable terms, if at all. If additional financing is not available
when required or is not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to fund expansion, successfully promote our brand name, develop
or enhance our services, take advantage of business opportunities, or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements,
any of which could seriously harm our business and reduce the value of your investment. 

If we are able to raise
additional funds if and when needed by issuing additional equity securities, you may experience significant dilution of your ownership
interest and holders of these new securities may have rights senior to yours as a holder of our common stock. If we obtain additional
financing by issuing debt securities, the terms of those securities could restrict or prevent us from declaring dividends and could limit
our flexibility in making business decisions. In this case, the value of your investment could be reduced. 

There is no assurance
that we will be able to obtain additional funding if it is needed, or that such funding, if available, will be obtainable on terms and
conditions favorable to or affordable by us. If we cannot obtain needed funds, we may be forced to curtail our activities. 

10 

Risks Relating
to our Management 

The loss of the
services of any of our officers or our failure to timely identify and retain competent personnel could negatively impact our ability to
develop our products and sales. 

The development of our
business will continue to place a significant strain on our limited personnel, management, and other resources. Our future success depends
upon the continued services of our executive officers, Zhang Liang, our President and Chairman of the Board of Director, Zhou Hongxiao,
Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Secretary and director, and our Chief Financial Officer, Kang Liping. They are developing our business,
which will depend on our ability to identify and retain competent employees with the skills required to execute our business objectives.
The loss of the services of any of our officers or our failure to timely identify and retain competent personnel could negatively impact
our ability to develop our products and services, which could adversely affect our financial results and impair our growth. 

If we are unable
to hire, retain or motivate qualified personnel, consultants, independent contractors, and advisors, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

Our performance will
be largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. Future success depends on our continuing ability to identify,
hire, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified personnel for all areas of our organization. Competition for such qualified employees
is intense. If we do not succeed in attracting excellent personnel or in retaining or motivating them, we may be unable to grow effectively.
In addition, all future success depends largely on our ability to retain key consultants and advisors. We cannot assure that any skilled
individual will agree to become an employee, consultant, or independent contractor of Longduoduo Company Limited. Our inability to retain
their services could negatively impact our business and our ability to execute our business strategy. 

Our internal controls
over financial reporting may not be effective and our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to certify as to their
effectiveness, which could have a significant and adverse effect on our business and reputation. 

As a new public reporting
company, we will be in a continuing process of developing, establishing, and maintaining internal controls and procedures that will allow
our management to report on, and our independent registered public accounting firm to attest to, our internal controls over financial
reporting if and when required to do so under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Although our independent registered public
accounting firm is not required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b)
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act until the date we are no longer an emerging growth company, our management will be required to report on our
internal controls over financial reporting under Section 404. If we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal controls,
we would not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with
Section 404. At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not
satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. Moreover, our testing, or the subsequent testing
by our independent registered public accounting firm that must be performed may reveal other material weaknesses or that the material
weaknesses have not been fully remediated. If we do not remediate our material weaknesses, or if other material weaknesses are identified
or we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, our reported financial results could be materially
misstated or could subsequently require restatement, we could receive an adverse opinion regarding our internal controls over financial
reporting from our independent registered public accounting firm and we could be subject to investigations or sanctions by regulatory
authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources, and the market price of our stock could decline. 

11 

Our board of directors
acts as our compensation committee, which presents the risk that compensation and benefits paid to those executive officers who are board
members and other officers may not be commensurate with our financial performance. 

A compensation committee
consisting of independent directors is a safeguard against self-dealing by company executives. Our board of directors, which consists
of two officers and two independent members, acts as the compensation committee for the Company and determines the compensation and benefits
of our executive officers, will administer our employee stock and benefit plans, and reviews policies relating to the compensation and
benefits of our employees. Our lack of an independent compensation committee presents the risk that an executive officer on the board
may have influence over his or her personal compensation and may obtain benefits levels that may not be commensurate with our financial
performance. 

Limitations on
director and officer liability and indemnification of our Company s officers and directors by us may discourage shareholders from
bringing a lawsuit against an officer or director. 

Our Company s certificate
of incorporation and bylaws provide, with certain exceptions as required by governing state law, that a director or officer shall not
be personally liable to us or our shareholders for breach of fiduciary duty as a director or officer, except for acts or omissions which
involve intentional misconduct, fraud or knowing violation of law, or unlawful payments of dividends. These provisions may discourage
shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against a director or officer for breach of fiduciary duty and may reduce the likelihood of derivative
litigation brought by shareholders on the Company s behalf against a director or officer. 

Our management
has limited experience managing a public company. 

At the present time,
our management has limited experience in managing a public company. This may hinder our ability to establish effective controls and systems
and comply with all applicable requirements associated with being a public company. If compliance problems result, these problems could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. As a public company, we will incur significant
legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, and the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010, as well as rules subsequently implemented by the SEC, have imposed various requirements on public
companies, including requiring changes in corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial
amount of time to our new compliance requirements. Moreover, these requirements will increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance
costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect it will be difficult and expensive for us to
obtain director and officer liability insurance. These requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified
persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 

We may have difficulty
establishing adequate management, legal and financial controls in the PRC. 

We may have difficulty
in hiring and retaining a sufficient number of qualified employees to serve as our management staff. As a result of these factors, we
may experience difficulty in establishing management, legal and financial controls, collecting financial data and preparing financial
statements, books of account and corporate records and instituting business practices that meet western standards. Therefore, we may,
in turn, experience difficulties in implementing and maintaining adequate internal controls as will be required under Section 404 of the
Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 

12 

Risks Related to Doing
Business in the PRC 

Failure to comply
with any PRC laws and regulations may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 

Our China operations
are subject to PRC laws and regulations including but not limited to the laws and regulations on taxation, employment
and social welfare, product quality and consumer protection, foreign investment, foreign exchange, online trading and E-commerce, food
business and so on. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time
consuming and costly. A failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied,
could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Changes in the
policies of the PRC government could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Policies of the PRC government
can have significant effects on the economic conditions in the PRC. Although the PRC government has been pursuing economic reform policies
and transitioning to a market-oriented economy, there is no assurance that the government will continue to pursue such policies or that
such policies may not be significantly altered, especially in the event of a change in leadership, social or political disruption, or
other circumstances affecting the PRC s political, economic and social conditions. Further, regulatory agencies in China may periodically,
and sometimes abruptly with little to no advance notice, change their enforcement practices. Therefore, prior enforcement activity, or
lack of enforcement activity, is not necessarily predictive of future actions. Our business could be adversely affected by changes in
PRC government policies, including but not limited to changes in policies relating to taxation, currency conversion, imports and exports,
and ownership of private enterprises. 

Uncertainties with
respect to the PRC legal system, including uncertainties regarding the enforcement of laws, and sudden or unexpected changes in laws and
regulations in China could adversely affect us and limit the legal protections available to you and us. 

Our operating subsidiaries
are incorporated under and governed by the laws of the PRC. The PRC legal system is based on written statutes. Prior court decisions may
be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. In 1979, the PRC government began to promulgate a comprehensive system of
laws and regulations governing economic matters in general, such as foreign investment, corporate organization and governance, commerce,
taxation and trade. As a significant part of our business is conducted in China, our operations are principally governed by PRC laws and
regulations. However, since the PRC legal system continues to evolve rapidly, the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules
are not always uniform and enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involves uncertainties, which may limit legal protections
available to us. Uncertainties due to evolving laws and regulations could also impede the ability of a China-based company, such as our
company, to obtain or maintain permits or licenses required to conduct business in China. In the absence of required permits or licenses,
governmental authorities could impose material sanctions or penalties on us. In addition, some regulatory requirements issued by certain
PRC government authorities may not be consistently applied by other PRC government authorities (including local government authorities),
thus making strict compliance with all regulatory requirements impractical, or in some circumstances impossible. For example, our PRC
subsidiary may have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to enforce the legal protection that we enjoy either by law or contract.
However, since PRC administrative and court authorities have discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms,
it may be more difficult to predict the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy than
in more developed legal systems. Furthermore, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some of
which are not published on a timely basis or at all and may have retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation
of these policies and rules until sometime after the violation. Such uncertainties, including uncertainty over the scope and effect of
our contractual, property (including intellectual property) and procedural rights, could materially and adversely affect our business
and impede our ability to continue our operations. 

Intellectual property
rights and confidentiality protections in China may also not be as effective as in the United States or other countries. In addition,
we cannot predict the effects of future developments in the PRC legal system on our business operations, including the promulgation of
new laws, or changes to existing laws or the interpretation or enforcement thereof. These uncertainties could limit the legal protections
available to us and our investors, including you. Moreover, any litigation in China may be protracted and result in substantial costs
and diversion of our resources and management attention. 

13 

The PRC government has
significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of our business and may intervene or influence our operations as the government
deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal goals. The PRC government has recently published new policies that significantly affected
certain industries such as the education and internet industries, and we cannot rule out the possibility that it will in the future release
regulations or policies regarding our industry that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Furthermore, the PRC government has recently indicated an intent to exert more oversight and control over securities offerings and other
capital markets activities that are conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based companies. Any such intervention in or influence
on our business operations or action to exert more oversight and control over securities offerings and other capital markets activities,
once taken by the PRC government, could adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of operations and the value of
China-based companies, or significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and
cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or in extreme cases, become worthless. 

PRC regulation
of loans to, and direct investments in, PRC entities by offshore holding companies may delay or prevent us from using our capital reserves
to make loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC operating subsidiaries. 

As an offshore holding
company with PRC subsidiaries, we may transfer funds to our PRC subsidiaries or finance our operating entity by means of loans or capital
contributions. Any capital contributions or loans that we, as an offshore entity, make to our Company s PRC subsidiaries, are subject
to PRC regulations. Any loans to our PRC subsidiaries, which are foreign-invested enterprises, cannot exceed statutory limits based on
the difference between the amount of our investments and registered capital in such subsidiaries, and shall be registered with SAFE, or
its local counterparts. Furthermore, any capital increase contributions we make to our PRC subsidiaries, which are foreign-invested enterprises,
are subject to the requirement of making necessary filings in FICMIS, and registration with other government authorities in China. We
may not be able to obtain these government registrations or approvals on a timely basis, if at all. If we fail to obtain such approvals
or make such registration, our ability to make equity contributions or provide loans to our Company s PRC subsidiaries or to fund
their operations may be negatively affected, which may adversely affect their liquidity and ability to fund their working capital and
expansion projects and meet their obligations and commitments. As a result, our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business
may be negatively affected. 

Because our principal
assets are located outside of the United States and because all of our directors and all our officers reside outside of the United States,
it may be difficult for you to use the United States Federal securities laws to enforce your rights against us and our officers or to
enforce judgments of United States courts against us or them in the PRC. 

All of our present officers
and directors reside outside of the United States. In addition, our operating subsidiaries, Longduoduo Health Technology, Qingguo,
Rongbin, Chengheng and Tianju are located in the PRC and substantially all of their assets are located outside of the United States. It
may therefore be difficult for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights based on the civil liability provisions of
the United States Federal securities laws against us in the courts of either the United States or the PRC and, even if civil judgments
are obtained in courts of the United States, to enforce such judgments in PRC courts. Further, it is unclear if extradition treaties now
in effect between the United States and the PRC would permit effective enforcement against us or our officers and directors of criminal
penalties, under the United States Federal securities laws or otherwise. 

The recent joint
statement by the SEC and PCAOB and the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act all call for additional and more stringent criteria to
be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors who are not
inspected by the PCAOB. Furthermore, on June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act,
which amended the HFCA Act and requires the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its
auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three. These developments could add uncertainties to
our business operations. 

On April 21, 2020, SEC
Chairman Jay Clayton and PCAOB Chairman William D. Duhnke III, along with other senior SEC staff, released a joint statement highlighting
the risks associated with investing in companies based in or have substantial operations in emerging markets including China. The joint
statement emphasized the risks associated with lack of access for the PCAOB to inspect auditors and audit work papers in China and higher
risks of fraud in emerging markets. 

14 

On May 18, 2020, Nasdaq
filed three proposals with the SEC to (i) apply minimum offering size requirement for companies primarily operating in Restrictive
Market , (ii) adopt a new requirement relating to the qualification of management or board of director for Restrictive Market companies,
and (iii) apply additional and more stringent criteria to an applicant or listed company based on the qualifications of the company s
auditors. 

On May 20, 2020, the
U.S. Senate passed the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act requiring a foreign company to certify it is not owned or controlled
by a foreign government if the PCAOB is unable to audit specified reports because the company uses a foreign auditor not subject to PCAOB
inspection. If the PCAOB is unable to inspect the company s auditors for three consecutive years, the issuer s securities
will be prohibited to trade on a national securities exchange or in the over the counter trading market in the U.S. On December 18, 2020,
the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act was signed into law. 

On March 24, 2021, the
SEC announced that it had adopted interim final amendments to implement congressionally mandated submission and disclosure requirements
of the Act. The interim final amendments will apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report on Forms 10-K,
20-F, 40-F or N-CSR with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that
the PCAOB has determined it is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in that jurisdiction.
The SEC will implement a process for identifying such a registrant and any such identified registrant will be required to submit documentation
to the SEC establishing that it is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in that foreign jurisdiction, and will also require
disclosure in the registrant s annual report regarding the audit arrangements of, and governmental influence on, such a registrant. 

On June 22, 2021, the
U.S. Congress passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which amends the HFCA Act and require the SEC to prohibit
an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive
years. This reduced the time period before securities of non-compliant issuers may be prohibited from trading or delisted from three years
to two years. 

On September 22, 2021,
the PCAOB adopted a final rule implementing the HFCAA, which provides a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining, as contemplated
under the HFCAA, whether the Board is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign
jurisdiction because of a position taken by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. 

On December 16, 2021,
PCAOB issued a report on its determination that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely PCAOB-registered public accounting
firms headquartered in mainland China and in Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region of the PRC, because of positions taken by PRC
authorities in those jurisdictions. The PCAOB made these determinations pursuant to PCAOB Rule 6100, which provides a framework for how
the PCAOB fulfills its responsibilities under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (the HFCAA ). If the PCAOB is
unable to inspect or investigate completely a registered public accounting firm headquartered in mainland China or Hong Kong because of
a position taken by one or more authorities in mainland China or Hong Kong, investors are deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections,
which could cause investors to lose confidence in audit procedures and the quality of financial statements. In addition, under the HFCAA,
a company s securities may be prohibited from trading on the U.S. stock exchanges or in the over the counter trading market in the
U.S. if its auditor is not inspected by the PCAOB, and this ultimately could result in a company s common stock being delisted. 

The financial statements
in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 were audited by MICHAEL T. STUDER CPA P.C. MTS CPA ),
a U.S.-based accounting firm that is registered with the PCAOB and can be inspected by the PCAOB. Our auditor is headquartered in New
York, is subject to inspection by the PCAOB on a regular basis with the last inspection in 2022. We have no intention of dismissing MTS
CPA in the future or of engaging any auditor not based in the U.S. and not subject to regular inspection by the PCAOB. There is no guarantee,
however, that any future auditor engaged by the Company would remain subject to full PCAOB inspection during the entire term of our engagement. 

15 

However, the recent developments
would add uncertainties to our situation and we cannot assure you whether regulatory authorities would apply additional and more stringent
criteria to us after considering the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy of
personnel and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach or experience as it relates to the audit of our financial statements.
It remains unclear what the SEC s implementation process related to the June 2021 interim final amendments will entail or what further
actions the SEC or the PCAOB will take to address these issues and what impact those actions will have on U.S. companies that have significant
operations in the PRC and have securities listed on a U.S. stock exchange (including a national securities exchange or over-the-counter
stock market). In addition, the June 2021 interim final amendments and any additional actions, proceedings, or new rules resulting from
these efforts to increase U.S. regulatory access to audit information could create some uncertainty for investors, the market price of
our common stock could be adversely affected, and we could be delisted if we and our auditor are unable to meet the PCAOB inspection requirement
or being required to engage a new audit firm, which would require significant expense and management time. 

Restrictions contained
in Chinese law on the ability of overseas securities regulators to collect information in China may deny investors in our Company the
benefits of U.S. securities regulation. 

China has often restricted
U.S. regulators access to information and limited regulators ability to investigate or pursue remedies with respect to China-based
issuers, generally citing to state secrecy and national security laws, blocking statutes, or other laws or regulations. In addition, according
to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law, which became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator can directly conduct
investigations or evidence collection activities within the PRC and no entity or individual in China may provide documents and information
relating to securities business activities to overseas regulators without Chinese government approval. The SEC, U.S. Department of Justice,
and other U.S. authorities face substantial challenges in bringing and enforcing actions against China-based issuers and their officers
and directors. As a result, investors in our Company may not benefit from a regulatory environment that fosters effective enforcement
of U.S. federal securities laws. 

According to Article 177,
there are uncertainties as to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies to conduct investigations
and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. If the U.S. securities regulatory agencies are unable to
conduct such investigations, there exists a risk that they may determine to suspend or de-register our registration with the SEC and may
also delist our securities from OTC Markets or other applicable trading market within the US. 

Governmental control
of currency conversion may affect the value of your investment. 

The People s Republic
of China (PRC) government imposes controls on the convertibility of Renminbi (RMB) into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the
remittance of currency out of the PRC. We receive substantially all of our revenues in RMB, which is currently not a freely convertible
currency. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency may restrict our ability to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends,
or otherwise satisfy foreign currency dominated obligations. Under existing PRC foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account
items, including profit distributions, interest payments and expenditures in connection with a commercial transaction, can be made in
foreign currencies without prior approval from the PRC State Administration of Foreign Exchange by complying with certain procedural requirements.
However, approval from appropriate governmental authorities is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted
out of PRC to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of bank loans denominated in foreign currencies. 

The PRC government also
may at its discretion restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current account transactions. If the foreign exchange control
system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currency to satisfy our currency demands, we may not be able to pay certain of our
expenses as they come due, finance our cash requirements, service debt or make dividend or other distributions to our shareholders, all
of which may adversely affect your investment. 

16 

The fluctuation
of RMB may materially and adversely affect your investment. 

The value of the RMB
against the U.S. dollar and other currencies may fluctuate and is affected by, among other things, changes in the PRC s political
and economic conditions. As we rely entirely on revenues earned in the PRC, any significant revaluation of RMB may materially and adversely
affect our cash flows, revenues and financial condition. For example, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we receive from
an offering of our securities into RMB for our operations, appreciation of the RMB against the U.S. dollar could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Conversely, if we decide to convert our RMB into U.S. dollars for
the purpose of making dividend payments on our common stock or for other business purposes and the U.S. dollar appreciates against the
RMB, the U.S. dollar equivalent of the RMB we convert would be reduced. In addition, the depreciation of significant U.S. dollar denominated
assets could result in a charge to our income statement and a reduction in the value of these assets. 

We may become subject
to a variety of laws and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection. We may be liable
for improper use or appropriation of personal information provided by our customers. 

We may become subject
to a variety of laws and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection. These laws and regulations
are continuously evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain
and may be conflicting, particularly with respect to foreign laws. In particular, there are numerous laws and regulations regarding privacy
and the collection, sharing, use, processing, disclosure, and protection of personal information and other user data. Such laws and regulations
often vary in scope, may be subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions. 

We expect to obtain information
about various aspects of our operations as well as regarding our employees and third parties. We also maintain information about various
aspects of our operations as well as regarding our employees. The integrity and protection of our customer, employee and company data
is critical to our business. Our customers and employees expect that we will adequately protect their personal information. We are required
by applicable laws to keep strictly confidential the personal information that we collect, and to take adequate security measures to safeguard
such information. 

The PRC Criminal Law,
as amended by its Amendment 7 (effective on February 28, 2009) and Amendment 9 (effective on November 1, 2015), prohibits institutions,
companies and their employees from selling or otherwise illegally disclosing a citizen s personal information obtained during the
course of performing duties or providing services or obtaining such information through theft or other illegal ways. 

On November 7, 2016,
the Standing Committee of the PRC National People s Congress issued the Cyber Security Law of the PRC, or Cyber Security Law, which
became effective on June 1, 2017. Pursuant to the Cyber Security Law, network operators must not, without users consent, collect
their personal information, and may only collect users personal information necessary to provide their services. Providers are
also obliged to provide security maintenance for their products and services and shall comply with provisions regarding the protection
of personal information as stipulated under the relevant laws and regulations. We believe that we are in compliance with the Cyber Security
Law, given that: (i) our products and services are sold offline; and (ii) we do not have an online platform. 

17 

The Civil Code of the
PRC (issued by the PRC National People s Congress on May 28, 2020 and effective from January 1, 2021) provides the main legal basis
for privacy and personal information infringement claims under the Chinese civil laws. PRC regulators, including the Cyberspace Administration
of China, MIIT, and the Ministry of Public Security have been increasingly focused on regulation in the areas of data security and data
protection. 

The PRC regulatory requirements
regarding cybersecurity are constantly evolving. For instance, various regulatory bodies in China, including the Cyberspace Administration
of China, the Ministry of Public Security and the SAMR, have enforced data privacy and protection laws and regulations with varying and
evolving standards and interpretations. In April 2020, the Chinese government promulgated Cybersecurity Review Measures, which came into
effect on June 1, 2020. According to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity
review when purchasing network products and services which do or may affect national security. 

In November 2016, the
Standing Committee of China s National People s Congress passed China s first Cybersecurity Law CSL ),
which became effective in June 2017. The CSL is the first PRC law that systematically lays out the regulatory requirements on cybersecurity
and data protection, subjecting many previously under-regulated or unregulated activities in cyberspace to government scrutiny. The legal
consequences of violation of the CSL include penalties of warning, confiscation of illegal income, suspension of related business, winding
up for rectification, shutting down the websites, and revocation of business license or relevant permits. In April 2020, the Cyberspace
Administration of China and certain other PRC regulatory authorities promulgated the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which became effective
in June 2020. Pursuant to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity
review when purchasing network products and services which do or may affect national security. On July 10, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration
of China issued a revised draft of the Measures for Cybersecurity Review for public comments Draft Measures ), which required
that, in addition to operator of critical information infrastructure, any data processor carrying out data
processing activities that affect or may affect national security should also be subject to cybersecurity review, and further elaborated
the factors to be considered when assessing the national security risks of the relevant activities, including, among others, (i) the risk
of core data, important data or a large amount of personal information being stolen, leaked, destroyed, and illegally used or exited the
country; and (ii) the risk of critical information infrastructure, core data, important data or a large amount of personal information
being affected, controlled, or maliciously used by foreign governments after listing abroad. The Cyberspace Administration of China has
said that under the proposed rules companies holding data on more than 1,000,000 users must now apply for cybersecurity approval when
seeking listings in other nations because of the risk that such data and personal information could be affected, controlled, and
maliciously exploited by foreign governments, The cybersecurity review will also investigate the potential national security risks
from overseas IPOs. We do not know what regulations will be adopted or how such regulations will affect us and the quotation of our securities
on the OTC Pink Market. In the event that the Cyberspace Administration of China determines that we are subject to these regulations,
quotation of our securities on the OTC may be prohibited and we may be subject to fines and penalties. We believe that we will not be
subject to the cybersecurity review by the CAC, given that: (i) we are not an operator of critical information infrastructure 
or a data processor carrying out data processing activities that affect or may affect national security; (ii) we do not
possess a large amount of personal information in our business operations; and (iii) data processed in our business does not have a bearing
on national security and thus may not be classified as core or important data by the authorities. However, there remains uncertainty as
to how the 2021 Measures will be interpreted or implemented and whether the PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, may adopt new
laws, regulations, rules, or detailed implementation and interpretation related to the 2021 Measures. If any such new laws, regulations,
rules, or implementation and interpretation comes into effect, we will take all reasonable measures and actions to comply and to minimize
the adverse effect of such laws on us. 

On June 10, 2021, the
Standing Committee of the NPC promulgated the PRC Data Security Law, which became effective on September 1, 2021. The Data Security Law
also sets forth the data security protection obligations for entities and individuals handling personal data, including that no entity
or individual may acquire such data by stealing or other illegal means, and the collection and use of such data should not exceed the
necessary limits The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, CSL and any other cybersecurity and related laws may limit
the use and adoption of our products and services and could have an adverse impact on our business. Further, if the enacted version of
the Measures for Cybersecurity Review mandates clearance of cybersecurity review and other specific actions to be completed by companies
like us, we face uncertainties as to whether such clearance can be timely obtained, or at all. We believe that we are in compliance with
the PRC Data Security Law, given that: (i) Collecting and possessing personal information in our business operations were authorized;
and (ii) data processed in our business does not have a bearing on national security and thus may not be classified as core or important
data by the authorities. However, there remains uncertainty as to whether the PRC regulatory agencies may adopt new laws, regulations,
rules, or detailed implementation and interpretation. If any such new laws, regulations, rules, or implementation and interpretation comes
into effect, we will take all reasonable measures and actions to comply and to minimize the adverse effect of such laws on us. 

18 

We cannot assure you
that PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, would take the same view as we do, and there is no assurance that we can fully or timely
comply with such laws. In the event that we are subject to any mandatory cybersecurity review and other specific actions required by PRC
regulatory agencies, we face uncertainty as to whether any clearance or other required actions can be timely completed, or at all. Given
such uncertainty, we may be further required to suspend our relevant business, shut down our website, or face other penalties, which could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The Chinese government
can take regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations in China with little to no advance notice at any time, including
cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed overseas using variable
interest entity structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly
enforcement. Rules and regulations and the enforcement or interpretation thereof in China can also change with little to no advance notice,
and actions related to oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas in our China based entities could cause the value
of Longduoduo s securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

The Chinese government
has taken and continues to take regulatory actions and statements to regulate over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through
regulation and state ownership, sometimes with very little advance notice. Our ability to operate through our subsidiaries in China may
be harmed by changes in its laws and regulations, including those relating to taxation, environmental regulations, land use rights, cybersecurity,
property and other matters. The central or local governments of these jurisdictions may impose new, stricter regulations or interpretations
of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance with such regulations
or interpretations. Accordingly, government actions in the future, including any decision not to continue to support recent economic reforms
and to return to a more centrally planned economy or regional or local variations in the implementation of economic policies, could result
in a material change in our operations in China and could limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities
to investors or require us to divest ourselves of any interest we then hold in China properties or joint ventures. Any such actions (including
divesture or similar actions) could result in a material adverse effect on us and on your investment in us and could render our securities
and your investment in our securities worthless. 

As such, the Company s
business segments and entities may be subject to various government and regulatory interference in the provinces in which they operate.
The Company could be subject to new regulation by various political and regulatory entities, including various local and municipal agencies
and government sub-divisions. The Company may incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly adopted laws and regulations
or penalties for any failure to comply. As a result, the fast-changing rules and regulation could potentially impact our operation and
profitability in China and as a result, cause the value of Longduoduo s securities to significantly decline or even become worthless. 

If the Administration
of Overseas Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (Draft for Comments) and the Administrative Measures for the Filing of Overseas
Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (Draft for Comments) are adopted in their current form, we may be required to obtain
the approval of the PRC government for a financing, a business combination, the issuance of our common stock upon exercise of rights,
or maintaining our status as a publicly listed company outside China. 

The M A Rules include,
among other things, provisions that purport to require that an offshore special purpose vehicle formed for the purpose of an overseas
listing of securities in a PRC company obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to the listing and trading of such special purpose vehicle s
securities on an overseas stock exchange. On September 21, 2006, the CSRC published on its official website procedures regarding its approval
of overseas listings by special purpose vehicles. However, substantial uncertainty remains regarding the scope and applicability of the
M A Rules to offshore special purpose vehicles. 

19 

On July 6, 2021, the
General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the
Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down on Illegal Securities Activities, or the Opinions, which emphasized the need to strengthen administration
over illegal securities activities and supervision of overseas listings by China-based companies. The Opinions proposed promoting regulatory
systems to deal with risks facing China-based overseas-listed companies, and provided that the State Council will revise provisions regarding
the overseas issuance and listing of shares by companies limited by shares and will clarify the duties of domestic regulatory authorities. 

On December 24, 2021,
the State Council published the draft Administrative Provisions on the Overseas Issuance and Listing of Securities by Domestic Companies
(Draft for Comments), or the Administrative Provisions, and the CSRC published the draft Measures for Record-filings of the Overseas Issuance
and Listing of Securities by Domestic Companies (Draft for Comments), or the Administrative Measures, for public comment. 

Pursuant to Article 2
of the Administrative Provisions, domestic enterprises that (i) offer shares, depository receipts, convertible notes or other equity securities
overseas, or (ii) list securities on an overseas stock exchange, must complete record-filing procedures and report the relevant information
to the CSRC. The CSRC shall determine the record-filing method. 

Pursuant to the Article
2 of the Administrative Measures, domestic enterprises that directly or indirectly offer or list securities on an overseas stock exchange
shall file with the CSRC within three business days after submitting their initial public offering and/or listing application documents.
The requested filing documents include, but are not limited to: (1) a filing report and related undertakings; (2) regulatory opinions,
filing or approval documents issued by the relevant authorities (if applicable); (3) security review opinions issued by the relevant authorities,
if applicable; (4) a PRC legal opinion; and (5) a prospectus. 

On December 27, 2021,
the National Development and Reform Commission, or the NDRC, and the MOFCOM jointly promulgated the Special Administrative Measure (Negative
List) for the Access of Foreign Investment (2021 Version), or the Negative List, which became effective on January 1, 2022. According
to Article 6 of the Negative List, domestic enterprises engaging in businesses in which foreign investment is prohibited shall obtain
approval from the relevant authorities before offering and listing their shares on an overseas stock exchange. In addition, certain foreign
investors shall not be involved in the operation or management of the relevant enterprise, and shareholding percentage restrictions under
relevant domestic securities investment management regulations shall apply to such foreign investors. 

If the CSRC or another
PRC regulatory body subsequently determines that its approval is needed for a securities offering by the Company, a business combination,
the issuance of our common stock upon exercise of rights, or maintaining our status as a publicly listed company outside China, we may
face approval delays, adverse actions or sanctions by the CSRC or other PRC regulatory agencies. In any such event, these regulatory agencies
may delay a potential business combination, impose fines and penalties, limit our acquisitions and operations of a target business in
China, or take other actions that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation
and prospects, and or cause the value of our common stock to significantly decline or become worthless. 

20 

Risks Relating to
Our Common Stock 

We are an emerging
growth company and, as a result of the reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, our common
stock may be less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging growth
company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable
to other public companies. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest to occur of: (i) the last day of the fiscal year
in which we have at least 1.07 billion in annual revenue; (ii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we are deemed to be a large
accelerated filer, as defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, which would occur if the market value of our Common Stock held
by non-affiliates exceeded 700 million as of the last business day of the second fiscal quarter of such year; (iii) the date on which
we have issued more than 1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt securities during the prior three-year period; and (iv) the last day of the
fiscal year ending after the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering. The exemptions available to emerging growth companies include
the right to present only two years of audited financial statements in our registration statements and annual reports, an exemption from
the auditor attestation requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act relating to internal controls, reduced disclosure about executive
compensation arrangements, and no requirement to seek non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements.
Some of these exemptions are also available to us as a smaller reporting company (i.e. a company with less than 250 million of its voting
equity held by non-affiliates). We have elected to adopt these reduced disclosure requirements. We cannot predict if investors will find
our common stock less attractive as a result of our taking advantage of these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less
attractive as a result of our choices, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more
volatile. 

Pursuant to Section 107(b)
of the JOBS Act, we have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section
102(b)(2) of The JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective
dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result, our financial statements may not
be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. The decision to opt out is irrevocable. 

Because the worldwide
market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates, or public float, was below 250 million on the last day of our second fiscal
quarter, we are also a smaller reporting company as defined under the Exchange Act. Some of the foregoing reduced disclosure
and other requirements are also available to us because we are a smaller reporting company and may continue to be available to us even
after we are no longer an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act but remain a smaller reporting company under the Exchange Act. As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to: 

have
an auditor report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

present
more than two years of audited financial statements in our registration statements and annual reports on Form 10-K; or 

present
any selected financial data in such registration statements and annual reports filings made by the Company. 

Because we will
be subject to penny stock rules, the level of trading activity in our stock may be reduced. 

It is likely that our
common stock will be classified as a penny stock when trading is initiated and for an indeterminate period thereafter. Penny
stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 (other than securities registered on some national securities exchanges).
Broker-dealer practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks are regulated by penny stock rules adopted by the
Securities and Exchange Commission. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise
exempt from the rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stocks and the nature
and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for
the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market
maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market, and monthly account statements
showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, broker-dealers who sell these securities
to persons other than established customers and accredited investors must make a special written determination that the
penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. Consequently,
these requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity, if any, in the secondary market for a security subject
to the penny stock rules. If a trading market does develop for our common stock, these regulations will likely be applicable, and investors
in our common stock may find it difficult to sell their shares. 

21 

FINRA sales practice
requirements may limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

FINRA has adopted rules
that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment
is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers
must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and
other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low-priced securities
will not be suitable for at least some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their
customers buy our common stock, which may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity in our common stock. As a result,
fewer broker-dealers may be willing to make a market in our common stock, reducing a stockholder s ability to resell shares of our
common stock. 

Shareholders do
not have pre-emptive rights, which will cause them to experience dilution if we issue additional securities. 

At any time or times,
we may issue and sell additional shares of our authorized but previously unissued shares of common stock, preferred stock, or common stock
warrants on such terms and conditions as our Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, may determine without consent of our shareholders.
Our shareholders do not have pre-emptive rights to acquire additional shares should we in the future issue or sell additional securities.
Thus, we are not required to offer any existing shareholder the right to purchase his or her pro rata portion of any future issuance of
securities and, therefore, upon the issuance of any additional securities by us hereafter, our shareholders will not be able to maintain
their then existing pro rata ownership in our outstanding shares of common stock, preferred stock, or common stock warrants without additional
purchases of securities at the price then set internally by us. 

We are unlikely
to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We currently intend to
retain any future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business. We do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future but will review this policy as circumstances dictate. Should we decide in the future to do so, as a holding company, our ability
to pay dividends and meet other obligations depends upon the receipt of dividends or other payments from our operating subsidiaries. In
addition, our operating subsidiaries, from time to time, may be subject to restrictions on their ability to make distributions to us,
including as a result of restrictions on the conversion of local currency into U.S. dollars or other hard currency and other regulatory
restrictions. 

Our insiders own
the majority of the outstanding shares of our stock, and accordingly, will have control over stockholder matters, the Company s
business and management. 

One member of our Board
of Directors owns, in aggregate, common stock representing 51.30 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. While he continues to
hold the majority of the voting power in our Company, this director will have effective control over the Company. In particular, the director
will have the ability to: 

Elect
or defeat the election of our directors; 

Prevent
amendment of our articles of incorporation or bylaws; 

Prevent
a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction; and 

Affect
the outcome of any other matter submitted to the shareholders for vote. 

Moreover, because of
the significant ownership position held by our insiders, new investors will not be able to affect a change in the Company s business
or management, and therefore, shareholders would be subject to decisions made by management and the majority shareholder. 

22 

In addition, sales of
significant amounts of shares held by our directors and executive officers, or the prospect of these sales, could adversely affect the
market price of our common stock. Management s stock ownership may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or
otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, which in turn could reduce our stock price or prevent our shareholders from realizing a
premium over our stock price. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff
Comments 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

The Company does not
own any real property. We believe the premises we now have under lease will be adequate for our operations for the foreseeable future. 

Office Leases 

In April of 2021, Qingguo
entered into an operating cooperation agreement with Hohhot Aihua Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital. Under the terms Qingguo is able
to use its office space (approximately 700 square meters) free of charge during the period between April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2026. On
May 27, 2022, both sides renewed the agreement to lease this office space under non-cancellable operating lease agreements. Under terms
of the lease agreement, from May 27, 2022, Qingguo is committed to make a lease payment of approximately 9,295 per year for 1 year. 

In October of 2020, Longduoduo
Health Technology entered into an operating cooperation agreement with Baotou Jin s Traditional Chinese Medicine Nephropathy Hospital
Co., Ltd. Under the terms, Longduoduo Health Technology is able to use its office space (approximately 1000 square meters) free of charge
during the period between October 15, 2020 to October 15, 2025. On March 18, 2021, Longduoduo Health Technology entered into an assignment
agreement with Rongbin, pursuant to which Longduoduo Health Technology transferred all the rights and obligations
under the cooperation agreement to Rongbin. 

In March of 2021, Chengheng
leased an office space (approximately 1500 square meters) under an operating lease agreement from Wudun Qiqige. Under the terms of the
agreement, Chengheng is committed to make lease payments of approximately RMB700,000 for the period between April 1, 2021 and March 31,
2023. 

On April 4, 2023, Chengheng
leased an office space (approximately 957 square meters) under an operating lease agreement from Jinrong Holding (Hainan) Group Co., LTD.
Inner Mongolia branch. Under the terms of the agreement, Chengheng is committed to make lease payments of approximately RMB144,140 for
the period between April 9, 2023 and April 8, 2024. 

In June of 2021, Longduoduo
Health Technology entered into a contract of Medical Technology Commissioned Service and the supplementary agreement with Ulanqab Mengzhong
Rehabilitation TCM Hospital Co., Ltd. Under the terms, Longduoduo Health Technology is able to use its office space (approximately 600
square meters) free of charge during the period between June 20, 2021 and June 19, 2026. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time, we
may become involved in legal proceedings or be subject to claims arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not presently
a party to any legal proceedings that in the opinion of our management, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together
have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, or cash flows. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure 

Not applicable. 

23 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for
Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

The Company s common
stock is quoted on the OTC Pink Market under the symbol LDDD . The quotations reported on the OTC Pink Market reflect inter-dealer
prices without retail markup, markdown or commissions, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

The Company s common
stock is thinly traded. The quoted bid and asked prices for the Common Stock vary significantly from week to week. An investor holding
shares of the Company s Common Stock may find it difficult to sell the shares and may find it impossible to sell more than a small number
of shares at the quoted bid price. 

Holders of Securities 

As of the date of filing
of this report, we had 50 shareholders of record and 30,005,008 outstanding shares of common stock, par value 0.001. 

There are currently effective
prospectuses that will permit the public resale of 14,607,993 shares of our common stock now held by shareholders. 

Dividends 

We have not declared
or paid any cash dividends on our common stock since our inception, and our board of directors currently intends to retain all earnings
for use in the business for the foreseeable future. Any future payment of dividends will depend upon our results of operations, financial
condition, cash requirements and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. There are currently no restrictions that limit
our ability to declare cash dividends on our common stock. The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of the RMB into foreign
currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in China is required
to set aside at least 10 of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of its
registered capital. Each of such entities in China is also required to further set aside a portion of its after-tax profits to fund the
employee welfare fund, although the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined at the discretion of its board of directors. Although
the statutory reserves can be used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate future losses in excess of retained
earnings of the respective companies, the reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation. 

Securities Authorized
for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

We have no equity compensation
plans. 

Sales of Unregistered
Securities 

The Company did not have
any unregistered sales of equity securities during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 

Repurchase of Equity
Securities 

The Company did not repurchase
any of its equity securities that were registered under Section 12 of the Securities Act during the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2023. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

24 

Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States. The preparation of such financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate these estimates, including those related to useful
lives of real estate assets, bad debts, impairment, contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience and on
various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. There can be no assurance that actual
results will not differ from those estimates. The analysis set forth below is provided pursuant to applicable SEC regulations and is not
intended to serve as a basis for projections of future events. See Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
above. 

Results of Operations
for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

The following table shows
key components of the results of operations during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

For the Years Ended June 30, 
 Change 

2023 
 2022 

Total revenue 
 3,818,560 
 3,237,993 
 580,567 
 18 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 591,885 
 1,005,030 
 (413,145 
 (41 
 
 Gross Profit 
 3,226,675 
 2,232,963 
 993,712 
 45 

Total operating expenses 
 3,197,437 
 9,788,249 
 (6,590,812 
 67 
 
 Income (loss) from operations 
 29,238 
 (7,555,286 
 7,584,524 
 (100 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 2,093 
 (6,703 
 8,796 
 (131 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 31,331 
 (7,561,989 
 7,593,320 
 (100 
 
 Income taxes 
 10,246 
 1,576 
 8,670 
 550 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 21,085 
 (7,563,565 
 7,584,650 
 (100 

During the year ended
June 30, 2023, our revenue was total 3,818,560, of which 1,808,515 was attributable to the sale of healthcare services and healthcare
products, primarily derived from sales of Immunological Ozonated Autohemotherapy , Meridian-regulating and Consciousness-restoring
Iatrotechnics , Assay , PRP and other healthcare services, and 2,010,045 commission revenue was attributable
to the service of sales agents. From June of 2023, the Company began to engage in agent sales business and focused on the sales of preventive
healthcare solutions from our provider. As of June 30, 2023, we operate through five entities: Longduoduo Health Technology, Tianju, Qingguo,
Rongbin and Chengheng, which are established in Ordos, Ulanqab, Huhhot, Baotou and Ordos, respectively, the four of largest cities in
Inner Mongolia of China. 

Cost of revenue mainly
consists of our cost for third-party healthcare service providers who perform healthcare services for our customers and the cost of purchasing
products. During the year ended June 30, 2023, our cost of revenue was 591,885, with the result that our gross profit was 3,226,675,
a gross margin of more than 84.5 . Gross margin at that level was sufficient to operate profitably. However, we realized only 29,238
in income from operations for the year ended June 30, 2023 because the Company incurred significant marketing expense to in connection
with establishing its brand as a new company. The Company will continue to invest heavily in advertising and promotion expenses in the
near future as it continues to establish and expand its brand and products and services. 

Operating expenses consist
primarily of advertising and promotion expenses, salaries and benefits, office expenses, professional fees and depreciation and amortization.
Our operating expenses in fiscal year 2023 decreased by 6,590,812, primarily attributable to: 

1,464,450
in advertising and promotion expenses incurred in the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to 7,221,685 recorded in the year ended June
30, 2022. The decrease was primarily attributable to the fact that the fiscal 2022 expenses included service compensation of 5,824,728
incurred on July 26, 2021 when Longduoduo HK issued to 32 sales agents a total of 3,822 shares, which were exchanged for 11,457,985 common
shares of Longduoduo upon the Share Exchange. 

25 

142,447
in professional fees in the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to 120,000 in recorded in the year ended June 30, 2022. In both cases,
the expense was primarily related to the Company s efforts to become a reporting company in the United States. 

756,913
in salaries and benefits expenses in the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to 662,813 in the year ended June 30, 2022. The increase
in our labor costs was primarily caused by the company increasing the average wages paid to employees. 

701,862
in office expenses in the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to 1,634,646 in the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease was mainly attributable
to the fact that the fiscal 2022 expenses included service compensation of 914,000 incurred July 26, 2021 when Longduoduo HK issued
to Eden Hall Global Capital Co., Ltd. a total of 600 shares, which were exchanged for 18,000,000 common shares of Longduoduo upon the
Share Exchange. 

Our net income for the
year ended June 30, 2023 was 21,085, compared to a net loss of 7,563,565 in the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Our reporting currency
is the U.S. dollar. Our local currency, the Renminbi (RMB), is our functional currency. Results of operations and cash flow are translated
at average exchange rates during the period being reported upon, and assets and liabilities are translated at the unified exchange rate
as quoted by OANDA on the balance sheet date. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are included in other comprehensive
income (loss). For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, foreign currency translation adjustments of 46,099 and 34,745, respectively,
have been reported as other comprehensive income in the consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income (loss). 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

As of June 30, 2023,
the Company had 1,136,562 in cash and cash equivalents. On the same date, we had a working capital deficit of 733,781, primarily because
we had received 588,335 from customers as prepayment for future services and products but used the majority of the deposited sums to
pay ongoing expenses and had only 68,341 in prepayments on our June 30, 2023 balance sheet. Going forward, we will strive to achieve
a better balance of customer deposits and prepayments; but we will achieve that better balance only when profits from operations and funds
from financing are adequate to support the expansion effort that will be necessary for successful operations. 

We anticipate that our
future liquidity requirements will arise from the need to fund our growth, pay current obligations and future capital expenditures. The
primary sources of funding for such requirements are expected to be cash generated from operations and raising additional funds from a
public offering and/or debt financing. We expect Zhang Liang, our President, to continue to provide support in the future, if needed.
However, we can provide no assurances that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flows from operations and/or obtain additional
financing on terms satisfactory to us, if at all, to remain a going concern. 

Cash Flows 

The following table summarizes
our cash flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

For the Years Ended June 30, 
 Change 

2023 
 2022 

Net cash provided by operating activities 
 965,337 
 28,572 
 936,765 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (125,880 
 (111,882 
 (13,998 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 (143,333 
 179,697 
 (323,030 
 
 Effect of exchange rate fluctuation on cash and cash equivalents 
 83,766 
 (12,831 
 96,597 
 
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 779,890 
 83,556 
 696,334 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 
 356,672 
 273,116 
 83,556 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 
 1,136,562 
 356,672 
 779,890 

26 

Net Cash Provided by
Operating Activities 

For the year ended June
30, 2023, we had cash provided by operating activities of 965,337, compared to 28,572 for the year ended June 30, 2022. Cash provided
by operations during the year ended June 30, 2023 was primarily due to the fact that we increased our accounts payable by 1,050,336 during
the year. In addition, we recorded non-cash expenses totaling 516,842, including 384,500 in stock-based compensation paid to sales agents. 

Net Cash Used in Investing
Activities 

Net cash used in investing
activities for the year ended June 30, 2023 was 125,880, compared to 111,882 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The cash was used for
the purchase of fixed and intangible assets and office decoration. 

Net Cash Provided by
Financing Activities 

Net cash used in financing
activities for the year ended June 30, 2023 was 143,333 which was due to the repayment of a loan from a third party, compared to 179,697
in cash provided by financing activities during the year ended June 30, 2022, which due to loan from a third party and proceeds from shares
issued. 

Critical Accounting
Policies 

The discussion and analysis
of the Company s financial condition and results of operations is based upon its consolidated financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires
us to make significant estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These items are monitored and analyzed by management for changes in facts and circumstances,
and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future. Changes in estimates are recorded in the period in which they become
known. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the
circumstances. Actual results may differ from our estimates if past experience or other assumptions do not turn out to be substantially
accurate. 

In our preparation of
the financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2023, there was no estimate made which was (a) subject to a high degree of uncertainty
and (b) material to our results. 

Trends, Events and
Uncertainties 

There is substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern as a result of our lack of significant revenues and recurring losses. If we are
unable to generate significant revenue or secure additional financing, we may be required to cease or curtail our operations. 

The COVID-19 pandemic
has had a significant adverse impact and created many uncertainties related to our business, and we expect that it will continue to do
so. The Company is experiencing challenges in sales, which have increased the Company s financial uncertainty. Our future business
outlook and expectations are very uncertain due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and are very difficult to quantify. It is difficult
to assess or predict the impact of this unprecedented event on our business, financial results or financial condition. Factors that will
impact the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic affects our business, financial results and financial condition include: the duration,
spread and severity of the pandemic; the actions taken to contain the virus or treat its impact, including government actions to mitigate
the economic impact of the pandemic; and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume, including
whether any future outbreaks interrupt the economic recovery. 

27 

The U.S. government,
including the SEC, has made statements and taken actions that have led to changes in relations between the U.S. and China, and will impact
companies with connections to the United States or China. Those actions by the U.S. government included imposing several rounds of tariffs
affecting certain products manufactured in China and imposing sanctions and restrictions in relation to China. Actions by the SEC included
issuing statements indicating that it would make enhanced review of companies with significant China-based operations. It is unknown whether
and to what extent new legislation, executive orders, tariffs, laws or regulations will be adopted, or the effect that any such actions
would have on U.S.-domiciled companies with significant connections to China, our industry or on us. Any unfavorable government policies
on cross-border relations, including increased scrutiny on companies with significant China-based operations, capital controls or tariffs,
may affect our ability to raise capital and the market price of our shares. If any new legislation, executive orders, tariffs, laws and/or
regulations are implemented, if existing trade agreements are renegotiated or if the U.S. or Chinese governments take retaliatory actions
due to the recent U.S.-China tensions, such changes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations,
our ability to raise capital and the market price of our shares. Changes in United States and China relations and/or regulations may adversely
impact our business, our operating results, our ability to raise capital and the market price of our shares. 

Other than the factors
listed above we do not know of any trends, events or uncertainties that have had or are reasonably expected to have a material impact
on our net sales or revenues or income from continuing operations. 

Recent Accounting
Pronouncements 

There were no recent
accounting pronouncements that we expect to have a material effect on the Company s financial position or results of operations.
Please refer to Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. 

Item 7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

Not applicable. 

28 

Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY
LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID year ended June 30, 2023 F - 2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 2851) year ended June 30, 2022 F - 3 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 F - 5 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F - 6 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Deficit for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F - 7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F - 8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F - 9 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of
Longduoduo Company Limited: 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Longduoduo Company Limited (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and the related consolidated statements of
operations and comprehensive income, changes in deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the year then ended in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Explanatory Paragraph Regarding Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company s present financial situation raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to this matter are also described in Note 2. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit maters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Commission Revenue 

The Company s consolidated statement of
operations for the year ended June 30, 2023 includes commission revenue of 2,010,045. Substantially all of the commission revenue was
derived from a contract executed in June 2023 with a third-party healthcare provider. Under the contract, the Company refers customers
to the third-party provider, which is wholly responsible for fulfillment of the services to the customer. The Company has no performance
commitment or liability to the customer. The Company recognizes commission revenue upon acceptance of the customer contract by the third-party
provider in an amount equal to the net of the gross amount received from the customer less the amount payable to the third-party provider. 

The principal considerations for our determination
that performing procedures relating to commission revenue is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgement by management to
determine whether to account for the transactions in an agent or principal capacity and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgement, subjectivity,
and effort in performing procedures relating to commission revenue. 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures
included, among other things, evaluating the conclusions reached by management and reviewing both contracts with customers and the contract
between the Company and the third-party provider. 

/s/ Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. 

November 14, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2023. 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
of Longduoduo Company Limited 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial
Statements 

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheet of Longduoduo Company Limited and subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2022, and the related
consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2022, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the
Company has incurred recurring losses from operations and is in need of additional capital to grow its operations so that it can become
profitable. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans with regard to these matters are described in Note 2. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we
are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing
procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit
Matters 

The critical audit matters
communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or
required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated
financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit
matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating
the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which
they relate. 

F- 3 

Revenue recognition 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described in Note
2 to the consolidated financial statements, the majority of the Company s revenue is derived from service revenues. The Company
provides preventative healthcare consulting services. The sale of such services by the Company is considered complete when the service
is provided at that time the sold healthcare package, ownership and risk of loss have been transferred to the customer. 

The Company considers
the contracts with healthcare service providers contain one performance obligation, and the Company is entitled to the consideration when
performance obligation is satisfied at a point in time. The amount of revenue to be recognized is determined by the service contracts
between the Company and the healthcare service providers. The Company recognizes revenue when the service is provided. 

The
principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition, specifically the identification
and evaluation of the timing and amount of revenue recognition, is a critical audit matter, involved judgment exercised by management
in identifying and evaluating the performance obligation. Auditor judgement is involved in performing our audit procedures to evaluate
whether the timing and amount of revenue recognition was appropriately stated. 

How the Critical Audit Matter Will Be
Addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures over determining the timing and amount of revenue recognition involved, among others, evaluation of management s
assessment in regard to the identification of performance obligation of service revenue. We selected customer agreements and performed
the following procedures: 

Evaluated the terms and conditions of each selected contract and the appropriateness of the accounting treatment within the context of the five-step model prescribed by ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, and evaluated whether management s conclusions were appropriate. 

Tested the accuracy of management s calculation of revenue for the performance obligation. 

/s/
KCCW Accountancy Corp. 

We have served as the
Company s auditor since 2021. 

Diamond Bar, California 

October 13, 2022 

F- 4 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY
LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS 

As of June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Other receivables 

Prepayments 

Inventories 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible asset, net 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Deficit 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued expenses 

Due to related parties 

Loan from third party 
 -

Security deposits 

Other payables 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, less current portion 

Total liabilities 

Deficit: 

Preferred stock; par value, shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 -
 
 -

Common stock; par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total stockholders deficit 

Non-controlling interests 

Total deficit 

Total liabilities and deficit 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY
LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

Revenues: 

Service revenue 

Product revenue 

Commission revenue 

Total revenues 

Cost of revenue: 

Cost of service revenue 

Cost of product revenue 

Total cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Income (Loss) from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income (loss) 

Less: net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders 

Comprehensive loss: 

Net income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Less: comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to the common stockholders 

Basic and diluted loss per share

Weighted average number of shares outstanding - basic and diluted

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY
LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEARS EDNED
JUNE 30, 2023 AND JUNE 30, 2022 

Common stock 
 Additional 
 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Total 
 Non- 

Number of Shares 
 Amount 
 Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Accumulated 
 Deficit 
 Comprehensive 
 Income 
 Stockholder 
 Deficit 
 controlling Interests 
 Total 
Deficit 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2021 

) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Stock-based compensation 

-
 
 -

-

Shares issued for lease payment 

-
 
 -

-

Shares issued for the payment of purchasing furniture 

-
 
 -

-

Shares issued for cash 

-
 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at June 30, 2022 

Stock-based compensation 

-
 
 -

-

Net income (loss) 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at June 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements 

F- 7 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY
LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended June 30, 

2023 

2022 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net income (loss) 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Operating lease expense 

Stock compensation expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Other receivables 

() 

() 
 
 Prepayments 

() 

() 
 
 Inventories 

() 
 
 Due from related parties 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 
 
 Deferred revenue 

() 

Accrued expenses 

() 

Due to related parties 

Security deposits 

() 

Other payables 

() 

Payment of operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 Other current liabilities 

() 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 
 
 Purchase of intangible asset 

() 

- 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Shares issued for cash 

-

Proceeds from short-term borrowing from third party 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) Financing Activities 

() 

Effect of exchange rate fluctuation on cash and cash equivalents 

() 
 
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 

Share issuance for lease payment 

-

Share issuance in exchange for equipment 

-

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

-

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest expense 

-

-

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY
LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS EDNED
JUNE 30, 2023 AND JUNE 30, 2022 

shares of its common stock to the original shareholders of Longduoduo HK,
in exchange for of the outstanding shares of Longduoduo HK (the Share Exchange ). 

Longduoduo
Health Technology Company Limited Longduoduo Health Technology ), a privately held Limited Company registered
in Inner Mongolia, China on August 20, 2020. On August 16, 2021, Longduoduo HK acquired of the ownership of Longduoduo Health
Technology from the original shareholders of Longduoduo Health Technology. 

Inner
Mongolia Qingguo Health Consulting Company Limited Qingguo ), a privately held Limited Company registered in Inner
Mongolia, China on June 18, 2020. On September 8, 2020, Longduoduo Health Technology acquired of the ownership of Qingguo from
the original shareholders of Qingguo. 

Inner
Mongolia Rongbin Health Consulting Company Limited Rongbin ), a privately held Limited Company registered in Inner
Mongolia, China on March 18, 2021. Longduoduo Health Technology has controlled of the ownership of Rongbin since established. 

Inner
Mongolia Chengheng Health Consulting Company Limited Chengheng ), a privately held Limited Company registered
in Inner Mongolia, China on April 9, 2021. Longduoduo Health Technology has controlled of the ownership of Chengheng since established. 

Inner
Mongolia Tianju Health Consulting Company Limited Tianju ), a privately held Limited Company registered in Inner
Mongolia, China on July 5, 2021. Longduoduo Health Technology has controlled of Tianju since inception. 

The transactions
summarized above are treated in the Company s financial statements as a corporate restructuring (reorganization) of entities under
common control, as each of the seven entities have at all times been under the control of Mr. Zhang Liang. Therefore, in accordance with
ASC 805-50-45-5, the current capital structure has been retroactively presented in prior periods as if such structure existed at that
time, and the entities under common control are presented on a combined basis for all periods. Since all of the subsidiaries were under
common control for all periods presented, the results of these subsidiaries are included in the Company s financial statements for
all periods presented. 

F- 9 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY
LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS EDNED
JUNE 30, 2023 AND JUNE 30, 2022 

and negative stockholders equity of . For the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the Company
had net losses of and , respectively. These factors among others raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company
to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. The financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the
recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company
be unable to continue as a going concern. 

of assets, liabilities, and net income or loss of these
subsidiaries. 

Longduoduo Health Technology Company Limited 
 China 

Inner Mongolia Qingguo Health Consulting Company Limited 
 China 

Inner Mongolia Rongbin Health Consulting Company Limited 
 China 

Inner Mongolia Chengheng Health Consulting Company Limited 
 China 

Inner Mongolia Tianju Health Consulting Company Limited 
 China 

F- 10 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY
LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS EDNED
JUNE 30, 2023 AND JUNE 30, 2022 

/ 

/ 

Revenue and expenses 
 
 period weighted average 

/ 

/ 

(approximately USD ).
As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had and cash in excess of the insured amount, respectively. 

of commission revenue. For the year ended June 30, 2022, no customer accounted
for more than of revenue. 

of its total cost of revenue. 

Supplier B 

Supplier C 

Supplier D 

F- 11 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY
LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS EDNED
JUNE 30, 2023 AND JUNE 30, 2022 

years 
 
 Leasehold Improvements 
 - years 

years 

F- 12 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY
LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS EDNED
JUNE 30, 2023 AND JUNE 30, 2022 

and as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. Management s provision for
sales returns and allowances was and , respectively, of the total service revenue for the years ended June 30, 2023
and 2022. 

and as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. Management s provision for sales returns
and allowances was and , respectively, of the total product revenue for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

F- 13 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY
LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS EDNED
JUNE 30, 2023 AND JUNE 30, 2022 

and , respectively. 

F- 14 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY
LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS EDNED
JUNE 30, 2023 AND JUNE 30, 2022 

Leasehold improvement 

Total 

Accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

The Company
recorded depreciation expense of for the year ended June 30, 2023, of which was recorded as operating
expense and was recorded as cost of revenue. 

The Company
recorded depreciation expense of for the year ended June 30, 2022, of which was recorded as operating
expense and was recorded as cost of revenue. 

as of June 30, 2022 was repaid in the year ended
June 30, 2023. 

Zhou Hongxiao 

Total 

Zhang Liang
is the President, Chairman of the Board, director and a shareholder of Longduoduo, and Zhou Hongxiao is the CEO of Longduoduo. These advances
due to related parties are unsecured, repayable on demand, and bear no interest. 

. 

Hong
Kong 

Longduoduo
HK was incorporated in Hong Kong and is subject to Hong Kong profits tax. Longduoduo HK is subject to Hong Kong taxation on its activities
conducted in Hong Kong and income arising in or derived from Hong Kong. The applicable statutory tax rate is . The Company
did not have any income (loss) subject to the Hong Kong profits tax. 

China 

Longduoduo
Health Technology and subsidiaries are subject to a standard enterprise income tax in the PRC. There was no provision for income
taxes for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

F- 15 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY
LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS EDNED
JUNE 30, 2023 AND JUNE 30, 2022 

Foreign 

Total Income (loss) before income taxes 

U.S. valuation allowance 

Income tax (benefit) at USA effective rate 

The difference
between the PRC statutory income tax rate and the PRC effective tax rate was as follows: 

For the year ended 
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Income tax (benefit) at PRC statutory rate 
 25 
 (25 
 
 Utilization of net operating loss carry forward 
 (23 
 - 
 
 PRC valuation allowance 
 - 
 25 
 
 Income tax (benefit) at PRC effective rate 
 2 
 (0 

in
the PRC that expire through 2028. Due to the uncertainty of utilizing these carry forwards, the Company provided a allowance
on all deferred tax assets of approximately and related to its operations in the PRC as of June 30, 2023 and
2022, respectively. The PRC valuation allowance has decreased by and increased by for the years ended June
30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The Company
has incurred losses from its United States operations during the year ended June 30, 2023 of approximately . The Company s
United States operations consist solely of ownership of its foreign subsidiaries, and the losses arise from administration expenses. Accordingly,
management provided a valuation allowance of approximately and against the deferred tax assets related
to the Company s United States operations as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, because the deferred tax benefits of the net
operating loss carry forwards in the United States are not likely to be utilized. The US valuation allowance has increased by approximately
 and for the years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

The Company
is subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) in the United States as well as by the taxing authorities in China, where
the Company has significant business operations. The table below presents the earliest tax year that remains subject to examination
by major jurisdiction. 

Earliest tax year that remains subject to examination 
 
 U.S. Federal 
 June 30, 2021 
 
 China 
 June 30, 2020 

square meters) under a non-cancellable operating lease agreement
with a third party Wudun Qiqige, in Ordos. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company was committed to make a one-time lease payment
of , or RMB , for the lease period from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2023. 

In April
2021, Qingguo entered into an operating cooperation agreement with Hohhot Aihua Traditional Chinese Medicine Hospital. Under the terms
Qingguo was able to use office space (approximately square meters) free of charge during the period between April 1, 2021
to March 31, 2026. On May 27, 2022, the agreement was amended to provide for the lease of this office space under a non-cancellable operating
lease agreement. Under terms of the lease agreement, from May 27, 2022, Qingguo was committed to make lease payments of approximately
 per year for year. 

F- 16 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY
LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS EDNED
JUNE 30, 2023 AND JUNE 30, 2022 

, or RMB ,
with lease payments of per month for the lease period from August 25, 2021 to August 25, 2023. On December 1, 2022, the agreement
was terminated. 

On July
2, 2022 the Company leased a staff dormitory under a non-cancellable operating lease agreement with a third party, Xi Ling. Under the
terms of the agreement, the Company is committed to make total lease payments of , or RMB , with lease payments of 
per year for the lease period from July 2, 2022 to July 2, 2025. 

On April 4, 2023, Chengheng
leased office space (approximately square meters) under an operating lease agreement with Jinrong Holding (Hainan) Group Co., LTD.
Inner Mongolia branch. Under the terms of the agreement, Chengheng is committed to make lease payments of approximately (RMB) for the period between April 9, 2023 and April 8, 2024. 

Leases with
an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. Operating lease cost is recognized as a single lease cost
on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses. For lease agreements entered
into or reassessed after the adoption of Topic 842, the Company did not combine lease and non-lease components. 

Most leases
do not include options to renew. The exercise of lease renewal options has to be agreed to by the lessors. The depreciable life of assets
and leasehold improvements are limited by the term of leases, unless there is a transfer of title or purchase option reasonably certain
of exercise. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Lease expense related to these noncancelable
operating leases was and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities current 

Operating lease liabilities non-current 

Total Operating lease liabilities 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term: 

Operating leases 
 years 
 years 
 
 Weighted Average Discount Rate 

Operating leases 

As most
of the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses - years borrowing rate from bank of 
based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. 

2025 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total lease liabilities 

F- 17 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY
LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS EDNED
JUNE 30, 2023 AND JUNE 30, 2022 

shares, equivalent to common shares of Longduoduo upon the Share Exchange,
to Eden Hall Global Capital Cp., Ltd. for service compensation expense of . 

On July
26, 2021, Longduoduo HK issued a total of shares, or equivalent to common shares of Longduoduo upon
the Share Exchange, to 32 sales agents for service compensation expense of . 

On July
26, 2021, Longduoduo HK issued shares, or equivalent to common shares of Longduoduo upon the Share Exchange,
to Wudun Qiqige (see Note 8) for the lease payment of approximately , or RMB , for the payment of purchasing furniture
of approximately , or RMB , and for cash of approximately , or RMB . 

On February
20, 2023, the Company issued common shares (valued at to Kang Liping (Chief Financial Officer of the Company) as
compensation. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted-average number of shares outstanding

Net loss per share: 

Basic and diluted

F- 18 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY
LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS EDNED
JUNE 30, 2023 AND JUNE 30, 2022 

, , and interest of Qingguo,
Chengheng, Rongbin and Tianju as of June 30, 2023, respectively. 

As of June
30, 2023 and 2022, the non-controlling interests in the consolidated balance sheet was and ), respectively. 

For year
ended June 30, 2023, the comprehensive income attributable to common stockholders and non-controlling interests were and ,
respectively. 

For year
ended June 30, 2022, the comprehensive loss attributable to common stockholders and non-controlling interests were and
 , respectively. 

shares.
No fractional shares were issued in connection with the reverse stock split; any fractional shares that resulted from the reverse split
were rounded up to the nearest whole share. The accompanying financial statements have been adjusted to retroactively reflect this reverse
stock split. 

Management
has evaluated subsequent events through the date which the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued. All subsequent
events requiring recognition as of June 30, 2023 have been incorporated into these consolidated financial statements and there are no
subsequent events that require disclosure in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 855, Subsequent Events. 

F- 19 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls
and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Our management maintains
disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ), that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the material information required to be disclosed
by us in our periodic reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosures. 

Under the supervision
and with the participation of our management team, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an
evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as of June 30, 2023. Based on this evaluation, we concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures have the following material weaknesses: 

The relatively small number of employees who are responsible for accounting functions prevents us from segregating duties within our internal control system. 

Our internal financial staff lack expertise in identifying and addressing complex accounting issues under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

Our Chief Financial Officer is not familiar with the accounting and reporting requirements of a U.S. public company. 

We have not developed sufficient documentation concerning our existing financial processes, risk assessment and internal controls. 

Based on their evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s system of disclosure controls and procedures
was not effective as of June 30, 2023 for the purposes described in this paragraph. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act. The Company s management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section
404 ). Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the Company s
financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial
reporting includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect
the Company s transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of the
Company s financial statements and that receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with management authorization;
and (iii) provide reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that could have a material
effect on our financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. 

29 

As of June 30, 2023,
our management, under the supervision of and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, evaluated
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as required by Rules 13a-15(c) and 15d-15(c) under the Exchange Act.
In making this assessment, Management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (1992), including the following five framework components: i) control environment,
ii) risk assessment, iii) control activities, iv) information and communications, and v) monitoring. In the course of making our assessment
of the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting, we identified four material weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting. These material weaknesses consisted of the four material weaknesses identified above under the heading Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Management does not believe
that the current level of the Company s operations warrants a remediation of the weaknesses identified in this assessment. However,
because of the above condition, management s assessment is that the Company s internal controls over financial reporting were
not effective as of June 30, 2023. 

This annual report does
not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
The Company s internal control over financial reporting was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public
accounting firm as we are a smaller reporting company. 

Our management will continue
to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures, as well as its internal control over financial reporting,
on an ongoing basis, and is committed to taking further action and implementing additional improvements, as necessary and as funds allow.
However, our management cannot guarantee that the measures taken or any future measures will remediate the material weaknesses identified
or that any additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and
maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting. Notwithstanding the material weaknesses described above, our management believes
that there are no material inaccuracies or omissions of material fact and, to the best of its knowledge, believes that the consolidated
financial statements included in this annual report present fairly, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations,
and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

No changes in the Company s
internal control over financial reporting has come to management s attention during the quarter ended June 30, 2023 that have materially
affected, or are likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure
Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

30 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Name and Address 
 
 Age 
 
 Position/Title 
 
 Zhang Liang 
 
 40 
 
 President and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Zhou Hongxiao 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Jin Guoqing 
 
 37 
 
 Director 
 
 Li Zhijie 
 
 39 
 
 Director 
 
 Kang Liping 
 
 40 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

The
business address for all directors and officers is 419, Floor 4, Comprehensive Building, Second Light Hospital, Ordos Street, Yuquan
District, Hohhot, Inner Mongolia, China 010000. 

Zhang Liang, President
and Chairman of the Board 

Mr. Zhang is our founder
and has served as our president and director since the incorporation of the Company. From 2006 to 2008, Mr. Zhang was employed as Chief
Executive Officer of the Digital Technology Company Limited, which is a technology company. Mr. Zhang served as Chief Executive Officer
at Oasis Biotechnology Co., Ltd from 2008 to 2012. He served as the Chief Executive Officer at China-Italy FRP Co., Ltd. between 2013
and 2019. From 2020 until now, Mr. Zhang served as the President of Longduoduo Health Technology Co., Ltd. Mr. Zhang brings to the Board
his expertise in business operations, company development, analysis and oversight, marketing including volume growth/program development,
expense control, policy and procedure development and implementation, and process development to facilitate regulatory compliance. Mr.
Zhang graduated from the Sichuan University in 2008, and majored in Business management. He also obtained a hotel management degree in
2005 from Sichuan University. 

Zhou Hongxiao, Chief
Executive Officer and Director 

Ms. Zhou has served as
our Chief Executive Officer CEO and director since the incorporation of the Company. Ms. Zhou was employed by Tianjin
Aike Clothing Co., Ltd. from 2004 to 2016 and served as Marketing Manager. From 2017 to 2019, Ms. Zhou was employed by Tianyan Tea Industry
Co., Ltd. and served as Chief Executive Officer. Ms. Zhou was employed by Longduoduo Health Technology Co., Ltd as CEO since 2020. Ms.
Zhou is familiar with sales management and sales regulations and related laws. She is responsible for business operations, budget development,
analysis and oversight, marketing including volume growth/program development; expense control, policy and procedure development and implementation,
and process development to facilitate regulatory compliance. She is responsible for the overall operation of Longduoduo. M. Zhou brings
to the Board her experience in business oversight and financial and budgetary matters. Ms. Zhou was awarded a bachelor s degree
by Inner Mongolia Radio and Television University in 2003. She obtained her Fine Chemical Industry College degree from Jilin Province
Jilin City Institute of Technology in 1998. 

Jin Guoqing, Director. 

Mr. Jin has been employed
by Shenzhen Zhigong Certified Public Accountants since 2011, and currently serves as Supervisor for that firm. Mr. Jin was awarded a Bachelor s
Degree by Guangdong University of Petrochemical Technology in 2008, and in 2011 earned a Collegiate Degree from the Universal College
of Learning in New Zealand. Mr. Jin served as a member of the Board of Directors of JRSIS Health Care Corporation (OTC: JRSS) from 2018
to 2020. 

Li Zhijie, Director.

Mr. Li has been employed
as an accountant by Baotou Cultural Industry Association, Baotou Education Bureau, Baotou Education Service Center, Inner Mongolia Actually
Real Estate Development Group Co., Ltd. and Inner Mongolia No. 1 Pasture Food Co., Ltd. Mr. Li has also been employed as a legal advisor
by the Baotou City Jiuyuan District Baiyin Shiller Sub-district Office in Erdaoxa Henan Village. Mr. Li was awarded a Master Degree in
Law by the Inner Mongolia University. He is a member of the China Association for Promoting Democracy and CPPCC member of Kundulun District,
Baotou. Mr. Li alse serves as Legal Director of the Inner Mongolia Shuoda Law Firm, President of Jiuyuan District People s Mediation Association
in Baotou, and a member of the All China Lawyers Association. 

Kang Liping, Chief
Financial Officer 

Ms. Kang has served as
our Chief Financial Officer CFO since July 2021. Kang Liping was employed by Inner Mongolia Tiantai Technology Co., Ltd
from 2020 to 2021 and served as accounting supervisor. From 2006 to 2016, Ms. Kang was employed by Inner Mongolia Guanhong Century Electronic
Technology Co., Ltd. and served as accounting supervisor. Between 2017 to 2020, Ms. Kang served as accounting supervisor at Inner Mongolia
Tiantai Technology Co., Ltd. Ms. Kang was awarded a bachelor s degree with a major in Accounting by Inner Mongolia University of
Technology in 2005. 

There are no family relationships
among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Our directors hold office
until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are
appointed by our board of directors and hold office until resignation or removal by the board. 

31 

Legal Proceedings
Involving Officers and Directors 

To our knowledge, during
the last ten years, none of our directors and executive officers (including those of our subsidiaries) has: 

Had
a bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the
time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time. 

Been
convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses. 

Been
subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently
or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. 

Been
found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC, or the Commodities Futures Trading Commission to have violated
a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Been
the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reverse, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization,
any registered entity, or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members
or persons associated with a member. 

Board Committees 

Audit Committee 

On March 2, 2023 the
Board of Directors adopted the Charter of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Longduoduo Company Limited. Jin
Guoqing and Li Zhijie were appointed to serve as the initial members of the Audit Committee. Mr. Jin and Mr. Li are each an independent
director. The Board of Directors has determined that Guoqing Jin is an audit committee financial expert, as defined in the Rules of the
SEC, by reason of his experience as a public accountant in connection with financial statements prepared pursuant to accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 

Compensation Committee 

We do not presently
have a compensation committee. Our Board of Directors currently acts as our compensation committee. 

Nominating Committee 

We do not presently
have a nominating committee. Our Board of Directors currently acts as our nominating committee. 

Code of Ethics 

Due to the small number
of members of our management, we do not presently have a code of ethics applicable to management. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial
Ownership Reports Compliance 

Not applicable. 

32 

Item 11. Executive
Compensation. 

Summary Compensation
Table 

The following table sets
forth all compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid by Longduoduo or its subsidiaries to its Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer during the past two fiscal years. There was no officer or employee whose compensation for fiscal year
2023 exceeded 100,000. 

Non-Equity 
 Non-qualified 

Incentive 
 Deferred 
 All 

Name and Principal 
 Year Ended 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Plan 
 Comp. 
 Comp. Earnings 
 Other Comp. 
 Total 
 
 Position 
 June 30 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Zhang Liang 
 2023 
 45,097 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 45,097 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 2022 
 24,542 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 24,542 
 
 Zhou Hongxiao 
 2023 
 26,182 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 26,182 
 
 CEO 
 2022 
 13,245 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 13,245 
 
 Kang Liping 
 2023 
 31,906 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 31,906 
 
 CFO 
 2022 
 11,541 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 11,541 

Outstanding Equity
Awards 

There were no unexercised
options, stock that has not vested, or equity incentive plan awards for any officer or employee as of June 30, 2023 or 2022, respectively. 

Employment Contracts,
Termination of Employment, Change-in-Control Arrangements 

We have entered into
employment contracts with our executive officers under the term of salary disclosed on the summary compensation table. Each party to the
contract may terminate the contract upon thirty days prior written notice. We have not entered into any other arrangements with our executive
officers. There are no compensation plans or arrangements, including payments to be made by us, with respect to our officers, directors
or consultants that would result from the resignation, retirement or any other termination of such directors, officers or consultants
from us. There are no compensation arrangements for directors, officers, employees or consultants that would result from a change-in-control. 

Compensation of Directors 

We have no formal plan
for compensating our directors for their services in their capacity as directors. Directors are entitled to reimbursement for reasonable
travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our Board of Directors. The Board of Directors
may award special remuneration to any director undertaking any special services on behalf of the Company other than services ordinarily
required of a director. To date, we have paid no compensation to any person for services as a member of the Company s Board of Directors. 

33 

Item 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets
forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock for (1) each person, or group of affiliated persons, known by
us to beneficially own more than 5 of our common stock; (2) each of our named executive officers; (3) each of our directors; and (4)
all of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

We have determined beneficial
ownership in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. These rules generally attribute beneficial ownership
of securities to persons who possess sole or shared voting power or investment power with respect to those securities. The person is also
deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Unless
otherwise indicated, the persons or entities identified in this table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to applicable community property laws. The address for each person listed in the table is
c/o Longduoduo, 419, Floor 4, Comprehensive Building, Second Light Hospital, Ordos Street, Yuquan District, Hohhot, Inner Mongolia. 

The percentage ownership
information shown in the table below is calculated based on 30,005,008 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of the date
of this report. We do not have any outstanding options, warrants or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our
common stock. 

Executive Officers and Directors 
 Amount of Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock (1) 
 Pre-Offering Percentage Ownership of Common Stock 
 Post-Offering Percentage Ownership of Common Stock 
 
 Directors and Named Executive Officers: 

Zhang Liang 
 15,392,015 
 51.30 
 51.30 
 
 Zhou Hongxiao 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Jin Guoqing 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Li Zhijie 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Kang Liping 
 5,000 
 0.02 
 0.02 

- 
 - 
 - 
 
 All executive officers and directors as a group (5 persons) 
 15,397,015 
 51.32 
 51.32 

5 or Greater Shareholders 

Li Qiaozhen 
 1,595,502 
 5.32 
 5.32 
 
 Liu Jiazhong 
 1,527,191 
 5.09 
 5.09 
 
 Guo Xiaozhen 
 1,676,675 
 5.59 
 5.59 

(1) Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the common stock.
All shares represent only common stock held by shareholders as no options are issued or outstanding. 

We are not aware of any
contract or other arrangement the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of our Company. 

Registration Rights 

We have registered for
resale by security holders under the Securities Act 14,607,993 shares of our common stock owned of record by 48 shareholders. 

34 

Item 13. Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

On October 26, 2021,
Longduoduo acquired One Hundred Percent (100 of the issued and outstanding capital stock of Longduoduo HK, a privately held limited
liability company registered in Hong Kong for three hundred million (300,000,000) (pre-reverse-split) shares of our common stock. One
of the shareholders of Longduoduo HK is now a director and President of Longduoduo: Zhang Liang, who received 153,920,147 shares of Longduoduo
in the Share Exchange. The other 48 shareholders of Longduoduo HK received a total of 146,079,853 shares of Longduoduo in the Share Exchange. 

As of June 30, 2023 and
2022, no amount was due to the Company from related parties. 

As of June 30, 2023 and
2022, the amounts due to related parties consisted of the following: 

June 30, 
 
 Name of related parties 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Zhang Liang 
 69,419 
 5,353 
 
 Zhou Hongxiao. 
 35,192 
 69,205 

104,611 
 74,558 

Zhang Liang is the President,
Chairman of the Board, director and a shareholder of Longduoduo, and Zhou Hongxiao is the CEO of Longduoduo. These advances due to related
parties were unsecured, repayable on demand, and bear no interest. 

Except as set forth above,
there was no transaction in which a related person had a material interest during the past fiscal year nor any currently proposed transaction,
in which the amount involved exceeded the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of our average total assets at the end of the two most recent
fiscal years. 

Director Independence 

The Company s Board
of Directors has determined that Jin Guoqing and Li Zhijie are independent directors, as independence is defined in the
Rules of the NYSE American. 

Item 14. Principal
Accounting Fees and Services. 

KCCW Accountancy Corp
was engaged to serve as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm on September 13, 2021 and was terminated from
that position on June 16, 2023. 

Michael T. Studer CPA
P.C. was engaged to serve as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm on September 29, 2023. 

The following table shows
the fees that were billed for the audit and other services provided by KCCW Accountancy Corp with respect to the fiscal year ended June
30, 2022 and by Michael T. Studer CPA P.C. with respect to the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 

Year
 Ended 
 June 30, 

2023 

2022 

Audit fees 

120,000 

60,000 

Audit-related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Our Board of Directors
pre-approves all audit and non-audit services performed by the Company s auditor and the fees to be paid in connection with such
services. 

35 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS,
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 

3.1(a) 
 
 Articles of Incorporation of Registrant (1) 
 
 3.1(b) 
 
 Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209 filed on September 21, 2023 (4) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Registrant (1) 
 
 4(iv) 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Company Subsidiaries (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

(1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 10, 2021. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 21, 2022. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 18, 2022. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 27, 2023. 

36 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section
13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LONGDUODUO COMPANY
LIMITED 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Zhou Hongxiao 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 November
 14, 2023 
 
 Zhou Hongxiao 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Kang Liping 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 November
 14, 2023 
 
 Kang Liping 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting
 Officer) 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this Report has been signed below
on November 14, 2023 by the following persons, on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Zhou Hongxiao 
 
 Chief Executive Officer; Director 
 
 Zhou Hongxiao 

/s/ Kang Liping 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Kang Liping 

/s/ Zhang Liang 
 
 Director 
 
 Zhang Liang 

/s/ Jin Guoqing 
 
 Director 
 
 Jin Guoqing 

/s/ Li Zhijie 
 
 Director 
 
 Li Zhijie 

37 

<EX-4.(IV)>
 2
 f10k2023ex4-iv_longduoduo.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK

Exhibit 4.(iv) 

DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 

Our only class of security
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act is our common stock, 0.001 par value per share. 500,000,000 shares
of common stock are authorized. 

Holders of our common stock
are entitled to receive dividends when and as declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available. Holders of our common
stock are entitled to one vote for each share on all matters voted on by stockholders, including the election of directors. There is no
cumulative voting in the election of directors. Holders of our common stock do not have any conversion, redemption or preemptive rights.
In the event of our dissolution, liquidation or winding up, holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in any assets remaining
after the satisfaction in full of the prior rights of creditors and the aggregate liquidation preference of any preferred stock then outstanding. 

</EX-4.(IV)>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2023ex31-1_longduoduo.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification of Principal
Executive Officer 

 Section 302 Certification 

I, Zhou Hongxiao, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this
annual report on Form 10-K of Longduoduo Company Limited; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f)
and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 November 14, 2023 
 
 /s/ Zhou Hongxiao 

Zhou Hongxiao, Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2023ex31-2_longduoduo.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification of Principal
Financial Officer 

 Section 302 Certification 

I, Kang Liping, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on
Form 10-K of Longduoduo Company Limited; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e)
and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s)
and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 November 14, 2023 
 
 /s/ Kang Liping 

Kang Liping, Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2023ex32-1_longduoduo.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Longduoduo
Company Limited. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Zhou Hongxiao, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

By: 
 /s/ Zhou Hongxiao 
 
 Dated: November
 14, 2023 

Zhou Hongxiao 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2023ex32-2_longduoduo.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Longduoduo
Company Limited. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kang Liping, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the
Company. 

By: 
 /s/
 Kang Liping 
 
 Dated: November
 14, 2023 

Kang Liping 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 lddc-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 lddc-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 lddc-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 lddc-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 lddc-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

