<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231013_10-K_edgar_data_1741257_0001731122-23-001899.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1521860</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>48161</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>386384</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>317834</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>307964</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>429131</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001731122-23-001899.hdr.sgml : 20231013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231013160705
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001731122-23-001899
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		39
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BANGFU TECHNOLOGY GROUP CO., LTD.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001741257
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-227350
		FILM NUMBER:		231325158

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO. 34-3, BUILDING 2, NO. 10 PLAZA ROAD
		STREET 2:		DIWANG INTERNATIONAL FORTUNE CENTER
		CITY:			LIUZHOU
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			545005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 772-3719700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NO. 34-3, BUILDING 2, NO. 10 PLAZA ROAD
		STREET 2:		DIWANG INTERNATIONAL FORTUNE CENTER
		CITY:			LIUZHOU
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			545005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KELINDA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180518

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001731122-23-001899.txt : 20231013

10-K
 1
 e5127_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.) 

, ,
 ,

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: . 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
No 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth
company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting
firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the
fi ling reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark
whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received
by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

The aggregate market value
of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which registrant s common stock was
last sold on the OTC markets as of August 18, 2021, was approximately .
There has been no trading of the registrant s common stock since
August 18, 2021. 

As of October 12, 2023,
there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding at a par value of 0.001 per share. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 ii 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 2 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 2 
 
 Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 2 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 2 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 2 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 2 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 3 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 3 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 4 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 6 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 6 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 7 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 7 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 7 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevents Inspections 
 6 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 8 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 9 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 9 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 10 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 10 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 11 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 11 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report ),
including, without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of
1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking
statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, 
 anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, 
 potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in
each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not
materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to
consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical
facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various
factors, including, but not limited to: 

our ability to establish our business
 in China and implement our business plan; 

acceptance of the services that we
 expect to market; 

our ability to retain key employees; 

adverse changes in general market conditions
 for online business services in China; 

our ability to continue as a going
 concern; 

our future financing plans; and 

our ability to adapt to changes in
 foreign, cultural, political and financial market conditions which could impair our future operations and financial performance
 (including, without limitation, the changes resulting from the aftermath of the Covid-19 pandemic in China and around the
 world). 

The forward-looking statements contained in
this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us.
Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number
of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or more of these risks
or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from
those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements,
whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 

Overview 

Bangfu Technology Group Co., Ltd. (the Company ,
 we , us , our and similar terminology) was incorporated under the name Kelinda 
in the state of Nevada on December 18, 2017 to create health related applications. The Company s first project was to develop
a mobile application (the App for free test panels to identify general health conditions and targeted diseases for
both children and adults. The main purpose of the App was to remind users of doctor s appointments and examinations. The
App synchronized with Google and Apple calendars and sent notifications regarding pills-taking time, required tests or doctor appointments
via the App and email. We expected to generate revenue from in-app subscriptions. Prior to the Change of Control as defined below,
we had developed terms of reference, design of our application, creation of an Apple store account and were at the server and application
development stage. 

Pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement (the
 Agreement ), entered into as of March 16, 2020, by and between Fuming Yang (the Purchaser and Petru
Afanasenco, Andrei Afanasenco and Yuriy Turchynskyy, as the representative of certain stockholders (collectively, the Sellers of the Company, the Sellers sold an aggregate of 7,948,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the Company to
the Purchaser in consideration for an aggregate purchase price of 330,000 in cash from the Purchaser s personal funds (the
 Transaction ). Following consummation of the Transaction, the Purchaser holds approximately 99 of the issued and
outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. The Transaction resulted in a change in control Change in Control of the Company from the Sellers to the Purchaser. In connection with the Transaction, Petru Afanasenco, the President and director
of the Company, and Andrei Afanasenco, the Secretary and Treasurer of the Company, both resigned from all of their director and
officer positions with the Company, effective immediately upon the consummation of the Transaction. 

On June 3, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate
of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to effect a change in the name
of the Company from Kelinda to Bangfu Technology Group Co., Ltd. , effective upon filing. In connection
with its name change, the Company s ticker symbol on the OTC Pink Market was changed from KLDA to BFGX. 

1 

Following this Change in Control, the Company
changed its business plan to engage in online business services in the People s Republic of China. The Company plans to engage
in developments of personal daily life assistance mobile applications, online educational trainings, and employment recruitment
services in China. The Company plans to first roll out the plan with a focus on the tier-3 and tier-4 cities in the provinces of
Guangdong and Guangxi in China. The Company is presently evaluating the optimal corporate and legal structures in China necessary
to establish and implement these business plans. The Company aims to start implementing these business plans in the near term. 

From the Change of Control to the date of this
Report, the Company has not commenced its planned business and presently has no business operations, revenues or assets and thus
is and has been a shell company as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1993, as amended (the Securities
Act ). The Company does not have an established timetable to implement our business plan, and until it does, the Company
will remain a shell company. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 1C. 
 CYBERSECURITY 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

We do not own or lease any property. Our principal executive offices
are located at No. 34-3, Building 2, Diwang International Fortune Center, No. 10 Plaza Road, Liuzhou, Guangxi Province, China 545005. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not currently involved in any legal proceedings nor are we
aware of any pending or potential legal actions. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable. 

2 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANlT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

(a) 
 Market Information 

Our common stock is quoted on OTC Pink market operated by the OTC Markets under the symbol BFGX. There has been sporadic
trading in our shares of common stock. We cannot assure you that there will be an active market in the future for our common stock. 

(b) 
 Stockholders of Record 

Based upon information furnished by our transfer
agent, as of October 12, 2023, the Company had approximately three stockholders of record. Because some of our common stock is
held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial stockholders. 

(c) 
 Dividends 

We have never paid or declared any dividends
on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

(d) 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

We currently do not have any equity compensation plans. 

(e) 
 Performance Graph 

As a smaller reporting company, as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

(f) 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 

3 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of
our results of operations and financial condition should be read together with our audited financial statements and the notes thereto,
which are included elsewhere in this Report. Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles in the United States (the U.S. GAAP ). 

Overview 

The Company was incorporated under the name
 Kelinda in the state of Nevada on December 18, 2017 to create health related applications. 

Following the Change in Control, the Company
changed its business plan to engage in online business service in the People s Republic of China. 

Results of Operations 

Revenue 

For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022,
the Company did not generate any revenue. 

Operating Expenses 

Total operating expenses for the years ended
June 30, 2023 and 2022 were 49,800 and 48,000, respectively. The operating expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023 primarily
included general and administrative expense of 8,550 and professional fees of 41,250, whereas for the same period of 2022, the
operating expenses primarily included general and administrative expense of 7,250 and professional fees of 40,750. The increase
in 2023 was mainly due to the increase in general and administrative expenses as there were higher filing fees. 

Net Loss 

As a result of the foregoing, our net loss
was 49,800 and 48,000, respectively, for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

4 

Going Concern 

The future of the Company is dependent upon
our ability to obtain financing to implement our new business plans and initiatives and our ability to generate positive net profits
from implementation of our business plans. Management has plans to seek additional capital funding through either equity financings
or debt financings from its principal stockholders to support its operations for the next twelve months. However, there is no assurance
that such funds will be available or available on acceptable terms. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on
acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective new business endeavors or opportunities, which could significantly
and materially restrict our business operations. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had
no assets. 

As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had
liabilities of 2,250 and 1,350, respectively and accumulated deficit of 296,921 and 247,121, respectively. 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

For the year ended June 30, 2023, net cash
used in operating activities was 48,700, which is the result of: (1) net loss for the year of 49,800; and (2) adjustment for
increase in accounts payable of 1,100. 

For the year ended June 30, 2022, net cash
used in operating activities was 50,057, which is the result of: (1) net loss for the year of 48,000; and (2) adjustment for
decrease in accounts payable of 2,057. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities

For the year ended June 30, 2023, net cash
provided by financing activities was 48,700, all of which were stockholders capital contributions to support the Company s
operations. 

For the year ended June 30, 2022, net cash
provided by financing activities was 50,057, all of which were stockholders capital contributions to support the Company s
operations. 

5 

Material commitments 

We had no material commitments as of June 30,
2023. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of June 30, 2023, we did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes
in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that
are material to investors. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements. In preparing our financial statements in conformity with
U.S. GAAP, we must make a variety of estimates that affect the reported amounts and related disclosures. See Note 3 of our financial
statements included in the Report. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides
that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities
Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of
certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage
of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies
that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENTS INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

6 

Index to Financial Statements 

Page 

Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders 
Bangfu Technology Group Co., Ltd. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have
audited the accompanying balance sheets of Bangfu Technology Group Co., Ltd. (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and
2022, and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years
then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

Consideration of the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial
statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has suffered recurring losses
and has minimal operations which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans
in regard to these matters are described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of
our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of
expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express
no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

Pinnacle Accountancy Group of Utah 
(a dba of Heaton Company, PLLC) 
 
October 13, 2023 

F- 2 

Bangfu Technology Group Co., Ltd. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Total Current Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Liabilities 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts Payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Stockholders Deficit 

Common Stock: par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

Bangfu Technology Group Co., Ltd. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 
 Year Ended June 30, 2022 

REVENUE: 

EXPENSES: 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

NET LOSS 

Net loss per common share basic diluted 

Weighted average of common shares outstanding basic diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

Bangfu Technology Group Co., Ltd. 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

 Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Total 
 Stockholders Deficit 

Shares 
 Amount 

Balance
 as of June 30, 2021 

Net
 loss 

Contributions
 from stockholders 

Balance
 as of June 30, 2022 

Net
 loss 

Contributions
 from stockholders 

Balance
 as of June 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

Bangfu Technology Group Co., Ltd. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 
 June 30, 2023 
 
 Year Ended 
June 30, 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net Loss 

() 

() 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash used by Operating Activities 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Capital contributions 

Net cash provided by Financing Activities 

Net cash increase (decrease) for period 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

Bangfu Technology Group Co., Ltd. 

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 AND 2022 

shares of common stock, par value per share, of the Company to
the Purchaser in consideration for an aggregate purchase price of in cash from the Purchaser s personal funds (the
 Transaction ). Following consummation of the Transaction, the Purchaser holds approximately 99 of the issued and
outstanding shares of common stock of the Company. The Transaction resulted in a change in control Change in Control of the Company from the Sellers to the Purchaser. 

On June 3, 2020, the Company filed a Certificate
of Amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada to effect a change
in the name of the Company from Kelinda to Bangfu Technology Group Co., Ltd. , effective upon filing. In
connection with its name change, the Company s ticker symbol on the OTC Pink Market changed from KLDA to BFGX. 

Following this Change in Control, the Company
changed its business plan to engage in online business services in the People s Republic of China. The Company plans to engage
in developments of personal daily life assistance mobile applications, online educational trainings, and employment recruitment
services in China. The Company plans to roll out the plan with a focus in the tier-3 and tier-4 cities in the provinces of Guangdong
and Guangxi first. The Company is presently evaluating the optimal corporate and legal structures in China necessary to establish
and implement these business plans. The Company aims to start implementing these business plans in the near future but its ability
to execute on its business plans and initiatives will depend upon the developments of the pandemic, including the duration and
spread of the COVID-19 and lockdown restrictions imposed by the respective various governments and oversight bodies in China. 

cash as of June 30, 2023 or 2022. 

(ii) future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary
differences and carry-forwards, (iii) future taxable income arising from implementing tax planning strategies, and (iv) specific
known trend of profits expected to be reflected within the industry. 

The Company recognizes a tax benefit associated
with an uncertain tax position when, in its judgment, it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
by a taxing authority. For a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the Company initially and
subsequently measures the tax benefit as the largest amount that the Company judges to have a greater than 50 likelihood of being
realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority. The Company s liability associated with unrecognized tax benefits
is adjusted periodically due to changing circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, case law developments and new or emerging
legislation. Such adjustments are recognized entirely in the period in which they are identified. The Company s effective
tax rate includes the net impact of changes in the liability for unrecognized tax benefits and subsequent adjustments as considered
appropriate by management. The Company classifies interest and penalties recognized on the liability for unrecognized tax benefits
as income tax expense. 

There were current and future income tax
provision recorded for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 since the Company did not generate any revenues in these fiscal years. 

potentially dilutive debt or equity instruments issued
or outstanding as of June 30, 2023 or 2022. 

authorized shares
of common stock, par value per share. There were shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of June 30,
2023. 

There were issuances of common stock during
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company s
current major stockholder, Fuming Yang, contributed a total of in cash to support the Company s working capital needs. 

During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company s
current major stockholder, Fuming Yang, contributed a total of in cash to support the Company s working capital needs. 

other related party transactions during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

t have any commitments or
contingencies as of June 30, 2023 or 2022. 

Income tax benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

Net provision for income taxes 

The cumulative tax effect at the expected rate
of 21 of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax assets 

The related deferred tax benefit on the above
unutilized tax losses has a full valuation allowance not recognized against it as there is no certainty of its realization. Management
has evaluated tax positions in accordance with ASC 740 and has not identified any significant tax positions, other than those disclosed. 

F- 10 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our Certifying Officer or
persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision of our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer (the Certifying Officer ), the Company has evaluated the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act.
Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of June
30, 2023 due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting discussed below. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial
Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. In order to evaluate the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In making this assessment, management used the
criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework. A material weakness is a deficiency or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting,
such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements
will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The Company has identified the following material weaknesses, which are indicative
of many small companies with small staff, as of June 30, 2023: (i) lack of proper segregation of duties and risk assessment process;
(ii) lack of formal documentation in internal controls over financial reporting; and (iii) lack of independent directors and an
audit committee. 

Because of these material weaknesses, management
has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based
on the criteria established in 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary
rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the quarter ended June 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

7 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The name, age and biography of our executive officer
and director are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Fuming Yang 

41 

Director, President, Treasurer and Secretary 

Fuming Yang has been our sole officer and director since March 2020. Mr. Yang is the founder
and has served as the Chief Executive Officer of Liuzhou Bangfu Technology Co., Ltd. Liuzhou Bangfu ), a company focusing
on internet technology development, maintenance and services, since its inception in July 2018. Mr. Yang has been responsible for Liuzhou
Bangfu s overall strategic layout, personnel organization and brand operations. From June to December 2018, Mr. Yang served as a
judge in the Star Avenue program of CCTV, being responsible for reviewing, analyzing and confirming the promotion of the
players performance, and from December 2017 to May 2018, Mr. Yang was engaged in the overall planning of Liuzhou Radio and Television s
 Speak Out Your Dream program, being responsible for program planning, stage effect design, contestants selection and event
organization. Mr. Yang also previously served as the General Manager of Liuzhou Fu anjia Network Technology Company from August
2013 to August 2019, Project Director at Guangxi Yingte Building Decoration Engineering Co., Ltd. from July 2009 to July 2013, Project
Manager for the Guangxi Guichuan Construction Co., Ltd. from June 2004 to September 2008 and a Technician for Liuzhou Jindianzi Decoration
Co., Ltd., a construction and internal design firm, from 2002 to May 2004. Mr. Yang graduated from Anhui Vocational and Technical College
of Architecture Design and Marketing and Pan-American University of Costa Rica with a Master of Business Administration. 

Board of Directors and Committees 

We do not have any independent directors. We
are not required to maintain a majority of independent directors or the foregoing committees under the rules applicable to companies
that do not have securities listed or quoted on a national securities exchange. Our board of directors does not maintain a separate
audit, nominating, or compensation committee. Functions customarily performed by such committees are performed by our board of
directors as a whole. 

Legal Proceedings 

To the Company s knowledge, there are
no material proceedings to which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company is a party adverse to the Company or has a material
interest adverse to the Company. 

Code of Ethics 

We intend at some point to adopt a code of
ethics that applies to our officers, directors and employees. We will file copies of our code of ethics in a current report on
Form 8-K. You will be able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov.
In addition, a copy of the code of ethics will be provided without charge upon request to us. We intend to disclose any amendments
to or waivers of certain provisions of our code of ethics in a current report on Form 8-K. 

8 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

There are no current employment agreements
between the Company and its officer. We have never paid any compensation to any of our executive officers or directors. Our officer
has agreed to work with no remuneration until such time as the company receives sufficient revenues necessary to provide management
salaries. At this time, we cannot accurately estimate when sufficient revenues will occur to implement this compensation, or what
the amount of the compensation will be. There are no annuity, pension or retirement benefits proposed to be paid to the officer
or director or employees in the event of retirement at normal retirement date pursuant to any presently existing plan provided
or contributed to by the company or any of its subsidiaries, if any. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information,
regarding the beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock as of October 12, 2023 by (i) each stockholder known
by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of its common stock, (ii) by each director and executive officer of the
Company and (iii) by all executive officers and directors of the Company as a group. Each of the persons named in the table has
sole voting and investment power with respect to common stock beneficially owned. 

The business address of each person listed
below is No. 34-3, Building 2, Diwang International Fortune Center, No. 10 Plaza Road, Liuzhou, Guangxi Province, China 545005. 

Number of 
 Percentage 

Shares 
 of Shares 
 
 Name and Address 
 Owned 
 Owned 

5 Stockholders 

Fuming Yang 
 7,948,000 
 99 
 
 Directors and Officers 

Fuming Yang 
 7,948,000 
 99 
 
 All officer and director as a group 
 7,948,000 
 99 

9 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Related Party Transactions 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, the
Company s current major stockholder, Fuming Yang, contributed a total of 48,700 in cash to support the
Company s working capital needs. 

During the year ended June 30, 2022, the
Company s current major stockholder, Fuming Yang, contributed a total of 50,057 in cash to support the
Company s working capital needs. 

Review, Approval or Ratification of Transactions
with Related Persons 

We have not established any policies on the
review and approval of related party transactions. Our board of directors reviews and approves transactions with related persons. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Our board of directors approves all services
provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. The following table shows the fees that we paid or accrued for the
audit and other services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023
and 2022. 

Fee Category 
 Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2023 
 Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2022 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 9,750 
 9,250 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 

Tax Fees (3) 

All Other Fees (4) 

(1) This category consists of fees for professional
services rendered by our principal independent registered public accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements,
review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports and services that are normally provided by the independent registered
public accounting firms in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years. 

(2) This category consists of fees for assurance
and related services by our independent registered public accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. The services for the fees disclosed
under this category include consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

(3) This category consists of fees for professional
services rendered by our independent registered public accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

(4) This category consists of fees for services
provided by our independent registered public accountants other than the services described above. 

10 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

(2) 
 Financial Statements Schedule 

All financial statement schedules are omitted
because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the
financial statements and notes thereto in is Item 15 of Part IV below. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits
listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be retrieved from SEC website at
www.sec.gov. 

Item 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

11 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Commission on September 14, 2018. 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Commission on June 8, 2020. 

3.3 
 
 Bylaws, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the Commission on September 14, 2018. 

31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

12 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Bangfu Technology
 Group Co., Ltd. 

Date: October 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Fuming Yang 

Fuming Yang 

President, Treasurer and Secretary 
 (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial and 
 Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following person on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Fuming Yang 
 
 President, Treasurer, Secretary and director 
 
 October 13, 2023 
 
 Fuming Yang 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

13 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 e5127_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Fuming Yang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Bangfu Technology Group Co., Ltd.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the board of directors: 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Fuming Yang 

Fuming Yang 

President, Treasurer and Secretary 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial and 
 Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 e5127_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADDED BY 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF
2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Bangfu
Technology Group Co., Ltd. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Fuming Yang, President, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: October 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Fuming Yang 

Fuming Yang 

Title: 
 President, Treasurer and Secretary 
 (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial and 
 Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 bfgx-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 bfgx-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 bfgx-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 bfgx-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

