<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231207_10-K_edgar_data_1178727_0001213900-23-093792.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12518704</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>631238</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2186027</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3263201</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3099857</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3007582</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-093792.hdr.sgml : 20231207
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231206180209
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-093792
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		127
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231207
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COMSovereign Holding Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001178727
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT, NEC [3669]
		IRS NUMBER:				465538504
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39379
		FILM NUMBER:		231470677

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6890 E. SUNRISE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 120-506
		CITY:			TUCSON
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85750
		BUSINESS PHONE:		206-796-0173

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6890 E. SUNRISE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 120-506
		CITY:			TUCSON
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85750

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ComSovereign Holding Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200504

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ComSovereign Holding Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20191210

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DRONE AVIATION HOLDING CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140508

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-093792.txt : 20231207

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_comsover.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________ to
____________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or Organization) Identification Number) , , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates
of the registrant was (based on the closing price of the common stock as reported on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC of 16.90
per share). 

There were shares of the Registrant s Common Stock,
 0.0001 par value, outstanding as of December 6, 2023. 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 12 

Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 32 

Item 2 
 Properties 
 32 

Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 

Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 

PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 35 

Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 35 

Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 

Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 44 

Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 

Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 44 

Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 44 

Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 44 

Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 44 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 45 

Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 51 

Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters 
 55 

Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 57 

Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 57 

PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 58 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 59 

SIGNATURES 
 60 

As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
the terms we, us, our and the Company mean COMSovereign Holding Corp. and its
subsidiaries (unless the context indicates a different meaning). 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This report includes forward-looking statements.
These statements involve risks known to us, significant uncertainties, and other factors which may cause our actual results, levels of
activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements
expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. 

Some of the statements under Business, 
 Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
and elsewhere in this report constitute forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs, projections and predictions
about future events. From time to time in the future, we may make additional forward-looking statements in presentations, at conferences,
in press releases, in other reports and filings and otherwise. Forward-looking statements are all statements other than statements of
historical fact, including statements that refer to plans, intentions, objectives, goals, targets, strategies, hopes, beliefs, projections,
prospects, expectations or other characterizations of future events or performance, and assumptions underlying the foregoing. The words
 may, could, should, would, will, project, intend, 
 continue, believe, anticipate, estimate, forecast, expect, 
 plan, potential, opportunity, scheduled, goal, target, 
and future, variations of such words, and other comparable terminology and similar expressions and references to future
periods are often, but not always, used to identify forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are
not limited to, statements about the following: 

our prospects, including our future business, revenues, expenses, net income, earnings per share, gross margins, profitability, cash flows, cash position, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, backlog of orders and revenue, our targeted growth rate, our goals for future revenues and earnings, and our expectations about realizing the revenues in our backlog and in our sales pipeline; 

the potential impact of pandemics, natural disasters and supply chain issues on our business and results of operations; 

the effects on our business, financial condition and results of operations of current and future economic, business, market and regulatory conditions, including the current economic and market conditions and their effects on our customers and their capital spending and ability to finance purchases of our products, services, technologies and systems; 

the effects of fluctuations in sales on our business, revenues, expenses, net income, earnings per share, margins, profitability, cash flows, capital expenditures, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations; 

our products, services, technologies and systems, including their quality and performance in absolute terms and as compared to competitive alternatives, their benefits to our customers and their ability to meet our customers requirements, and our ability to successfully develop and market new products, services, technologies and systems; 

our markets, including our market position and our market share; 

our ability to successfully develop, operate, grow and diversify our operations and businesses; 

our business plans, strategies, goals and objectives, and our ability to successfully achieve them; 

the sufficiency of our capital resources, including our cash and cash equivalents, funds generated from operations, availability of borrowings under our credit and financing arrangements and other capital resources, to meet our future working capital, capital expenditure, lease and debt service and business growth needs; 

the value of our assets and businesses, including the revenues, profits and cash flows they are capable of delivering in the future; 

the effects on our business operations, financial results, and prospects of business acquisitions, combinations, sales, alliances, ventures and other similar business transactions and relationships; 

industry trends and customer preferences and the demand for our products, services, technologies and systems; and 

the nature and intensity of our competition, and our ability to successfully compete in our markets. 

These statements are necessarily subjective, are
based upon our current plans, intentions, objectives, goals, strategies, beliefs, projections and expectations, and involve known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements, or industry
results, to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements described in or implied by such statements. Actual
results may differ materially from expected results described in our forward-looking statements, including with respect to correct measurement
and identification of factors affecting our business or the extent of their likely impact, the accuracy and completeness of the publicly
available information with respect to the factors upon which our business strategy is based, or the success of our business. 

Forward-looking statements should not be read
as a guarantee of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of whether, or the times by which, our
performance or results may be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time those statements are
made and management s belief as of that time with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could
cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Important
factors that may cause actual results, our performance or achievements, or industry results to differ materially from those contemplated
by such forward-looking statements include, without limitation, those discussed under the caption Risk Factors in this report. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Business Overview 

We are a provider of solutions to network operators,
mobile device carriers, governmental units and other enterprises worldwide. We have assembled a portfolio of communications and portable
infrastructure technologies, capabilities and products that enable the upgrading of latent 3G networks to 4G and 4G-LTE networks and will
facilitate the rapid roll out of the 5G and 6G networks of the future. We focus on novel capabilities, including signal modulations, antennae,
software, hardware and firmware technologies that enable increasingly efficient data transmission across the electromagnetic spectrum.
Our product solutions are complemented by a broad array of services, including technical support, systems design and integration, and
sophisticated research and development programs. While we compete globally on the basis of our innovative technology, the breadth of our
product offerings, our high-quality cost-effective customer solutions, and the scale of our global customer base and distribution, our
primary focus is on the North American telecom infrastructure and service market. We believe we are in a unique position to rapidly increase
our near-term domestic sales as we are among the few U.S. based providers of telecommunications equipment and services. 

We provide the following categories of product
offerings and solutions to our customers: 

Wireless
Transport Solutions . We offer a line of high-capacity packet microwave solutions that drive next-generation intellectual
property IP networks. Our carrier-grade point-to-point packet microwave systems transmit broadband voice, video and data.
Our solutions enable service providers, government agencies, enterprises and other organizations to meet their increasing bandwidth requirements
rapidly and affordably. The principal application of our product portfolio is wireless network transport, including a range of products
ideally suited to support the emergence of underlying small cell networks. Additional solutions include leased-line replacement, last
mile fiber extension and enterprise networks. 

Edge Compute Capable 4G LTE and 5G Network in a Box. We offer both 4G/LTE and 5G New Radio NR based Network in a Box capable of connecting to other access radios or directly to mobile devices such as mobile phones and other Internet-of-things devices. The all-in-one mobile networks support edge-based application hosting and enable third-party service integration. 

Tethered Drones and Aerostats. We design, manufacture, sell and provide logistical services for specialized tethered aerial monitoring and communications platforms serving national defense and security customers for use in applications such as intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance ISR and tactical communications. We focus primarily on a suite of tethered aerostats known as the Winch Aerostat Small Platform, which are principally designed for military and security applications and provide secure and reliable aerial monitoring for extended durations while being tethered to the ground via a high-strength armored tether. Our recently acquired HoverMast line of quadrotor-tethered drones feature uninterruptible ground-based power, fiber optic communications for cyber immunity, and the ability to operate in GPS-denied environments while delivering dramatically-improved situational awareness and communications capabilities to users. 

We are also developing processes that we believe
will significantly advance the state-of-the-art in silicon photonic SiP devices for use in advanced data interconnects,
communication networks and computing systems. We believe our novel approach will allow us to overcome the limitations of current SiP optical
modulators, dramatically increase computing bandwidth, and reduce drive power while offering lower operating costs. In addition, we are
seeking to leverage our AI capabilities in our Non-Line of Sight (NLOS) unlicensed radio enhancing and extending these capabilities to
further support our customers environments while expanding and extending our footprint of AI capabilities through new partnerships. 

Our engineering and management teams have extensive
experience in optical systems and networking, digital signal processing, large-scale application-specific integrated circuit design and
verification, SiP design and integration, system software development, hardware design, high-speed electronics design and network planning,
installation, maintenance, and servicing. We believe this broad expertise in a wide range of advanced technologies, methodologies, and
processes enhances our innovation, design and development capabilities, and has enabled us, and we believe will continue to enable us,
to develop and introduce future-generation communications and computing technologies. In the course of our product development cycles,
we engage with our customers as they design their current and next-generation network equipment in order to gauge current and future market
needs. 

1 

Our Business 

Our CORE business is comprised of the following
products: 

Licensed Microwave (DragonWave-X LLC) . DragonWave-X, LLC and its operating subsidiaries, DragonWave Corp. and DragonWave-X Canada, Inc. (collectively, DragonWave )), are a manufacturer of high-capacity microwave and millimeter wave point-to-point telecom backhaul radio units. DragonWave and its predecessor have been selling telecom backhaul radios since 2012 and its microwave radios have been installed in over 330,000 locations in more than 100 countries worldwide. According to a report of the U.S. Federal Communications Commission, as of December 2019, DragonWave was the second largest provider of licensed point-to-point microwave backhaul radios in North America. DragonWave was acquired by ComSovereign in April 2019 prior to the ComSovereign Acquisition. On May 23, 2022, the Company sold the assets of DragonWave s Canadian subsidiary, and transferred the related employees and assigned the Canadian lease of DragonWave s Canadian subsidiary, to a third party. 

4G and 5G Edge Compute (Virtual NetCom, LLC) . Virtual NetCom, LLC VNC )) is an edge compute focused wireless telecommunications technology developer and equipment manufacturer of both 4G LTE Advanced and 5G NR capable radio equipment. VNC designs, develops, manufactures, markets, and supports a line of network products for wireless network operators, mobile virtual network operators, cable TV system operators, and government and business enterprises that enable new sources of revenue, and reduce capital and operating expenses. We acquired the product (formerly VNC) in July 2020. 

Unlicensed Microwave (FastBack) . Skyline Partners Technology LLC, which conducted business under the name Fastback Networks Fastback )), is a manufacturer of intelligent backhaul radio IBR systems that deliver high-performance wireless connectivity to virtually any location, including those challenged by Non-Line of Sight limitations. Fastback s advanced IBR products allow operators to economically add capacity and density to their existing cellular networks and expand service coverage density with small cells. These solutions also allow operators to both provide temporary cellular and data service utilizing mobile/portable radio systems and provide wireless Ethernet connectivity. We acquired Fastback in January 2021. 

Engineering Services (Silver Bullet Technology, Inc .) enables us to provide engineering services including the design and develop of next generation network systems and components, including large-scale network protocol development, software-defined radio systems and wireless network designs. ComSovereign acquired Silver Bullet in March 2019 prior to the ComSovereign Acquisition. 

Mobile Edge Compute (SAGUNA Networks Ltd.) based in Yokneam, Israel, is the software developer behind the award-winning SAGUNA Edge Cloud, which transforms communication networks into powerful cloud-computing infrastructures for applications and services, including augmented and virtual reality, Internet of Things IoT ), edge analytics, high-definition video, connected cars, autonomous drones and more. SAGUNA allows these next-generation applications to run closer to the user in a wireless network, dramatically cutting down on latency, which is a fundamental and critical requirement of 5G networks. SAGUNA s Edge Cloud operates on general purpose computing hardware but can be optimized to support the latest artificial intelligence and machine learning features through dedicated accelerators. We acquired SAGUNA in October 2021. In order to conserve cash, SAGUNA idled the employees in June 2022. 

Our NONCORE business is comprised of the following
products: 

Drones (Lighter Than Air Systems Corp., doing business under the name Drone Aviation based in Jacksonville, Florida develops and manufactures cost-effective, compact and enhanced tethered unmanned aerial vehicles, including Lighter-Than-Air aerostats and drones that support surveillance sensors and communications networks. We acquired Drone Aviation in June 2014. 

Silicon Photonics (VEO Photonics, Inc.) based in San Diego, California, is a research and development group innovating SiP technologies for use in copper-to-fiber-to-copper switching, high-speed computing, high-speed ethernet, autonomous vehicle applications, mobile devices and 5G wireless equipment. ComSovereign acquired VEO in January 2019 prior to the ComSovereign Acquisition. In order to conserve cash, VEO idled the employees in June 2022. 

As part of the Company s restructuring,
commencing January 1, 2023, the Company integrated its previously separate reporting units, including employing a single integrated sales
function, and the Chief Executive Officer manages the Company and makes decisions based on the Company s consolidated operating
results. 

2 

Nasdaq Compliance Developments 

Throughout most of 2022, our common stock was not in
compliance with the 1.00 minimum closing bid price requirement. We were given grace periods and regained compliance on or about February
27, 2023, by having the closing bid price of our common stock exceed 1.00 for a minimum of ten (10) consecutive trading days during the
grace period by implementing a 1-for-100 reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock on February 10, 2023. 

On February 27, 2023, the Company regained compliance
with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2), the 1.00 minimum closing bid price requirement minimum bid price price of the Company s
common stock following the successful filing of its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022,
and September 30, 2022 pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), which requires listed companies to timely file all required periodic
financial reports filing requirements with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

On March 31, 2023, the Company filed a notice
of late filing on Form 12b-25 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC to report that its Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K would not be timely filed. On April 18, 2023, the Company
received a notice from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq stating that because the Company has not yet filed the Form
10-K, the Company is no longer in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), which requires listed companies to timely file all required
periodic financial reports with the SEC. On May 17, 2023, the Company received a notice from Nasdaq stating that because the Company has
not yet filed the Form 10-K or its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 (the "Form 10-Q ), the
Company is not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules. On August 16, 2023, the Company received a notice from Nasdaq stating that because
the Company has not yet filed its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, the Company is not in compliance
with Nasdaq Listing Rules. On October 16, 2023, the Company received notice from the Listing Qualifications Staff (the Staff indicating that the Staff had determined to delist the Company s securities unless the Company timely requests a hearing before
the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ). The Staff s determination was based upon the Company s continued non-compliance
with the filing requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) because the Company has not filed its Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022, and the Forms 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2023 and June 30, 2023. On November 16, 2023, the Company received a notice from Nasdaq stating that because the Company has not yet filed its Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, the Company is not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

The Company requested and obtained a hearing before
the Panel as well as a further stay of any additional action by Nasdaq pending the issuance of a decision by the Panel. There can be no
assurance that a favorable decision will be obtained. 

If the Company fails to timely regain compliance
with the Nasdaq Listing Rule within any grace period granted by the Nasdaq Hearings Panel, the Company s common stock, warrants
and 9.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock will be subject to delisting from Nasdaq. There is no assurance that
the Company will regain compliance during any grace periods or be able to maintain compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements
in the future. If we are not able to regain compliance during a grace period, Nasdaq will notify us that our common stock, warrants, and
9.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock will be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

On June 21, 2023, the Company received a letter
from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC ("Nasdaq notifying the Company that, for the last
30 consecutive business days, the Company s minimum Market Value of Publicly Held Shares, as defined by Nasdaq ("MVPHS ),
of the Company s 9.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock ("Preferred Stock has been below the
minimum 1 million requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5555(a)(4) (the "Minimum Market Value of
Publicly Held Shares Requirement ). Under Nasdaq rules, the Company will have the opportunity to appeal the delisting decision to
a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. There can be no assurance that, if the Company decides to appeal the delisting determination, such appeal would
be successful. 

In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(D),
the Company has been provided a compliance period of 180 calendar days from receipt of the letter, or until December 18, 2023, to regain
compliance with the Minimum Market Value of Publicly Held Shares Requirement. To regain compliance with the Minimum Market Value of Publicly
Held Shares Requirement, the Company s Preferred Stock MVPHS must be 1 million or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business
days during the compliance period ending on December 18, 2023. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to regain compliance
with either listing requirement. 

3 

Our Industry 

We participate in the large and growing global
market for connectivity and essential communications infrastructure. This market is being driven by the growth in demand for data-intensive
bandwidth and the necessity for reduced latency (the time it takes to send data from one point to another) associated with the continued
demand of smartphones, tablets and machine-to-machine (M2M) communication, as well as the proliferation of data centers, big data, cloud-based
services, streaming media content and IoT. In addition, video and gaming distribution over the broadband IP network is transforming how
content is managed and consumed overall. This increase in data usage and demand is taxing available broadband of many service providers,
which requires far more efficient technologies to meet demand. For example, in reaction to the COVID-19 pandemic, a leading media streaming
service reduced the quality of videos from high definition to standard definition in certain regions in order to free up additional bandwidth
required by workers performing online functions from their homes. 

Today s cellular networks are predominantly
based on 4G technologies. These networks constantly undergo expansion of coverage and densification with additional sites to cater to
higher demands for speeds and to make more services available per given area. According to certain publications and as of the fourth quarter 2019,
33 operators across 18 countries, representing 8 of the global mobile connections base (excluding cellular IoT), have launched commercial
5G mobile services, and 77 operators have announced plans to launch 5G services in the coming months. These investments in 5G radio network
infrastructure, and consequently, associated wireless data hauling, are expected to gradually increase during the next several years.
In order to allocate spectrum resources for 4G and 5G, many network operators are shutting down their 2G and/or 3G network (a network
sunset in order to re-allocate radio access network frequency bands to 4.5 and 5G services. These market dynamics of network expansion
and densification have resulted in higher demand for wireless hauling capacity at increased density, requiring more sophisticated services
over the network at far higher volumes than were available in recent years. Such services include the many 5G use cases, which among others,
include enhanced mobile broadband, mission critical services, IoT and Industrial IoT, gigabit broadband to homes, multi gigabits services
to enterprises and more. 

The term 5G is misunderstood by
most consumers who believe it is simply another layer of technology over the top of current 4G LTE infrastructures. However, this is not
the case. While 4G LTE Advanced is a part of a large platform upon which 5G rests, according to many industry studies, significantly more
4G LTE/A will be required before 5G becomes a reality. 5G is an entirely new infrastructure that must be standardized for widespread adoption
and must be agile enough to accommodate wireless devices of all kinds, not just cellular smartphones. The 5G enhancements specific to
 IoT will enable the connection of the internet to telemedical devices, gaming, video and television, smart-home devices,
such as thermostats, alarms, lighting and garage doors, smartphones, driverless cars and traffic signals, laptops, desktops, Wi-Fi, logistic
reporting devices on semi-tractor trucks and trains and a plethora of other use cases. It must do so seamlessly and with a fraction of
the current round-trip response time of data. This requires that data centers be closer to the network s edge 
where the devices connect to the wireless small cells. As a result, data centers and many of the other functions will require virtualization
and eventually artificial intelligence (AI) algorithms and machine learning to route data requests to these virtualized data centers to
keep latency to a minimum. 

There are several major trends that we expect
to drive network deployments and investment. The GSM Association GSMA ), a mobile telecom association to which most large
infrastructure participants and mobile carriers are members, nearly mirrors our findings and impressions in its report on the state of
mobile internet connectivity. Many of these trends and findings follow. 

The Challenges of Connectedness 

It is said in business that to remain static is
to die. To understand the need for technological advancements and infrastructure growth in the cellular telecommunications industry, one
must first understand the market factors driving these changes. In 2018, nearly 300 million people connected to mobile internet data for
the first time. This increased the total number of internet connected users to more than 3.5 billion people worldwide. This type of connectivity
now drives the global economy as more and more diverse commerce is conducted through wireless data access. However, since lower-income
countries and regions have only approximately 40 of their population connected to the internet compared to 75 in high-income regions,
these lower income areas are finding it increasingly difficult to raise their social and economic status. Getting these deficient regions
(and the approximately 4 billion people inhabiting those regions who are unable to connect to the internet) connected is only one challenge.
The other and equally difficult challenge is the density of urban areas in the higher income areas and the sophistication of the electronic
communications and computing devices in those areas that require increasingly faster data. We plan to target both challenges by providing
economical solutions and infrastructure building blocks to lower-income geographic areas around the world, which we expect we will initially
sell through our resellers, distributors and other partners, while leading the world in innovative new technologies to make the realization
of 5G and the next generations nG a reality. 

4 

Evolving Network Architecture and Technology 

The pace of change in networking has increased
in recent years as consumers and data-driven businesses utilize more bandwidth with increasingly complex mobile and connected devices.
Cellular networks are now experiencing exponential growth in network infrastructures, which is revolutionizing how consumers connect to
each other and changing the network architecture needed to support consumer demand. This trend requires better network coverage, greater
broadband access, increased capacity, and larger data storage capacity. 

Our customers are working to transition their
networks to become faster, more responsive, and more efficient. We believe the following findings will continue to impact our company
and the industry during 2021 and beyond. 

(1) 
 Coverage Gaps Declining : Less than 10 of people globally (approximately 750 million) now have no access to a mobile broadband network as compared to approximately 24 only five years ago. 

(2) 
 Usage Gaps an Issue : Approximately 3.3 billion people live in areas in which internet coverage exists but do utilize it. In other words, the usage gap is four times greater than the coverage gap. 

(3) 
 Affordability : Mobile broadband usage is becoming more affordable across all regions, but its affordability is still short of the desired 2 or less of monthly per capita income. This cost of usage is keeping some users from participating online. There is also a perception in many low-income regions that internet usage will not contribute enough to their security, safety, and commerce to warrant the expense. In addition, device cost remains high and thus a barrier to entry. 

(4) 
 Prevalence of Use : Social media and instant messaging account for the majority of mobile usage. Online calls, news links, video streaming services such as YouTube and Vimeo, and gaming are the other most prevalent activities. 

(5) 
 Macro Level : The mobile industry contributed 4 trillion dollars to the global gross domestic product (GDP) last year (or almost 5 of the total GDP). A recent study conducted by Dr. Raul Katz and Fernando Collorda for the International Telecommunication Union, a specialized agency of the United Nations for information and communication technologies, concluded that a 10 increase in mobile broadband connectivity would lead to an increase in GDP of roughly 2 in both developed and underdeveloped regions. 

(6) 
 Micro Level : Gallup and GSMA polls both found that mobile ownership and internet connectivity is associated with an improvement in people s lives, as evidenced by increases in net positive emotions and average life evaluations (not the same as longevity). 

Transition from Traditional to the IoT 

The IoT is rapidly evolving from an industry trend
to a tangible, mature, established technology. Many operators have begun to transition to operable 5G networks and have announced deployments
of 5G technology. This technology is primarily operating at higher frequency, such as millimeter wave radios, and using higher order (more
efficient) modulation methods to improve network capacity. The number of 5G-enabled devices is expected to continue to increase during
2023 and accelerate beyond that. The primary benefits of 5G are expected to include: 

enhanced mobile broadband to support significant improvement in data rates and user experience in both the uplink and downlink; 

massive M2M communications capabilities to support the expected billions of connections between machines as well as short bursts of information to other systems; and 

low latency, high reliability to support applications that are critical or are needed in real time, like factory machines, virtual reality , and augmentation. 

Wireless operators will need to both acquire and
launch new spectrum for 5G, as well as continue their strategy of re-allocation of spectrum from one generation to another. Some of this
spectrum will be at much higher frequencies and will use new technologies to deliver exceptional amounts of bandwidth to subscribers.
5G also requires significant fiber infrastructure to connect wireless access points to each other to improve the response time of the
network. As wireless operators transition toward 5G, they must also manage the fundamental network deployment issues of site acquisition,
power, backhaul and in-building wireless proliferation. 

5 

In addition to investment required by wireless
operators, the transition to 5G could also spark an investment cycle by cable operators as they upgrade their networks to compete with
fixed wireless broadband, which could become a viable alternative to traditional broadband internet access. 

Our Growth Strategy 

Under the leadership of our senior management
team, we intend to address and exploit the large and growing market for internet connectivity and essential communications infrastructure
as we continue to build our sales, marketing, and operations groups to support our planned growth while focusing on increasing operating
margins through cost control measures. While organic growth will be our primary focus in driving our business forward, we expect acquisitions
and select teaming and partnering arrangements with other companies will play a strategic role in strengthening our existing product and
service lines and providing cross-selling opportunities. We are pursuing several growth strategies, including: 

Continue to Innovate and Extend our Technology Leadership. Mobile broadband infrastructure innovations are required to dramatically improve the commercial viability of both the 4G LTE and 5G buildouts. It is well documented that substantially more infrastructure is required for 5G to be viable. However, with the huge increase in radio access network components required for an IoT/5G buildout, relative capital costs must come down to allow data to remain affordable. This requires doing more with less through innovation. We expect our continued investments in research and development will enable us to continue to provide innovative products to the marketplace. For example, in 2024 we expect to demonstrate initial products incorporating our patented In-Band Full-Duplex technology, which is expected to greatly improve wireless transmission efficiency, and as a result, the data throughput, of wireless spectrum channels. We also continue to pursue VEO s SiP research, discoveries and developments, which we believe will not only eliminate the current log-jam many internet providers and data centers experience by providing significantly greater data speed and throughput in the switch that converts data bits from voltage modulations in the copper used in radios to light modulations that are used in fiber, and vice versa, but will also form the technological basis for the future of chip-to-chip light computing. 

Enhance Sales Growth . We intend to generate additional growth opportunities by : 

Growing our customer base and geographic markets . We intend to drive new customer growth by expanding our direct sales force focused on the mobile infrastructure markets. The initial focus of our direct sales program will be North America, with foreign sales coming through licensed channel partners and advisory personnel. In addition, we expect to leverage our existing base of resellers and more than 700 legacy customers to help proliferate the knowledge globally of our technical superiorities and increase our customer base. 

Increasing penetration within existing customers. We plan to continue to increase our product penetration within our existing customer base by expanding the breadth of our product and service offerings to provide for continued cross-selling opportunities. For example, while we believe DragonWave is well known for its microwave backhaul radio products, we have additional millimeter wave frequency designs that can be offered to existing customers, as well as new customers. Further, the Fastback IBR radio products have seen a strong increase in customer demand over other lines and we plan to continue to feed that demand over the coming year. 

Focus on Innovation to Solve Critical Problems . We plan to build on our legacy of innovation and on our portfolio of patents and patent applications by continuing to invest in research and development. We expect to focus on expanding the functionality of our backhaul and access equipment products, while investing in capabilities that address new market opportunities. We believe this strategy will enable new high-growth opportunities and allow us to continue to deliver differentiated high-value products and services to our customers. We also intend to utilize our deep industry expertise to offer unique perspectives to solve customers challenges. We intend to focus our investment on high-growth markets. 

Become a Preferred Partner to our Customers . We plan to expand our position within the telecom industry by developing and enhancing value-creating partner relationships with our customers, suppliers and distributors, as well as our channel and technology partners. We intend to expand these relationships by innovating, collaborating and selling with our customers. We expect to meet our commitments and maintain our product quality while collaborating with our customers to ensure we are providing solutions to their key network challenges. 

6 

Pursue Strategic Relationships . We expect to continue to pursue strategic technology and distribution relationships, alliances and acquisitions that will help us align with the strategic priorities of our customers. We intend to continue to invest in technologies to ensure interoperability across the ecosystems that support our customers most critical business processes through our partner programs. We continue to work with current industry partners while exploring a range of new partnerships to expand the products and services we offer. 

Grow Revenues and Market Share through Selective Acquisitions . Though not our strategy, we continue to explore the potential acquisition of private companies or technologies that can enhance our earnings and offer complementary products and services or expand our geographic and industry reach. We believe such acquisitions can help us to accelerate our revenue growth, leverage our existing strengths and capture and retain more work in-house as a prime contractor for our customers, thereby contributing to our profitability. We also believe that increased scale will enable us to bid and take on larger contracts. 

Increase Operating Margins by Leveraging Operating Efficiencies . We believe that by centralizing administrative functions, consolidating insurance coverage, and eliminating redundancies across our newly acquired businesses, we will be positioned to offer more integrated end-to-end solutions and improve operating margins. We will also seek to reduce our manufacturing costs to increase our margins. 

Our Products 

All our products enhance or directly contribute
to the overall telecommunication infrastructure and fall within the following product groups: 

Micro and Millimeter Microwave Technologies
and Products 

We design, manufacture, and sell best-in-class
(as defined by power, signal efficiency and range), microwave packet radio equipment for telecommunications and data. Our Harmony-branded
line of backhaul radios are data efficient and offer one of the most powerful, longest-range solutions for backhaul in the industry. The
Fastback Intelligent Backhaul Radio IBR offers a unique and patented point-to-any-point microwave backhaul
solution that solves critical issues across both private and public networks. Our line of radio models have the following characteristics: 

Harmony Enhanced MC : Our Harmony Enhanced MC radios are high-capacity packet microwave radios that build upon the Harmony Enhanced family of radios by delivering a multi-carrier channel system and doubling the capacity available in a single microwave outdoor unit. Because the radio and modem are integrated into a single highly compact outdoor unit, Harmony Enhanced MC is a zero-footprint solution that eliminates rack congestion and minimizes colocation space. The ultra-high power increases the overall system gain and allows for deployment of smaller dishes, higher order modulations or increased link availability. Our Harmony MC radios also achieve the highest degree of spectral efficiency (with 4096 QAM capability, 112-megahertz (MHz) channel support, and leading system gain) in the marketplace, delivering more capacity per channel with a longer reach than any other all-outdoor microwave system. 

Fastback IBR : The Fastback IBR fuses advanced radio frequency and software-defined radio technologies; sophisticated switching and LTE silicon, proprietary architecture, signal processing and antenna array design all in a single device. The result is an intelligent, versatile, and easily installed radio device that delivers multiple firsts in backhaul operation. The IBR is packed with advances, including highest speed with lowest latency, breakthroughs in transmission to ease set-up and mitigate interference, on-board power to simplify install, and a compact design that guarantees deployment in any location or environment. These innovations address customers real-world challenges of network densification, both technically and economically. From macrocell upgrades in line of site LOS and non-line of site nLOS conditions, to new connectivity across fully-obstructed NLOS environments, the IBR has proven its ability to delivery carrier grade reliability. 

Engineering efforts are underway now with two
additional enhancements full-duplex and transpositional modulation waveforms that will be programmed to significantly enhance
the spectral efficiency of our microwave radios, and, we believe, will far exceed our competitor s offerings. These enhancements
have the following characteristics: 

In-Band Full-Duplex Technology: During 2024, we expect to demonstrate our first microwave products incorporating our proprietary in-band full-duplex technology that was innovated by our Lextrum subsidiary. This technology, which is useful in almost any wireless communication system, functions by essentially doubling the data throughput on existing antennae by sending and receiving simultaneously on the same frequency. This capability is critical in backhaul networks (tower-to-tower applications) and is a fundamental component of 5G wireless technology if it is to operate most efficiently. Following commercial rollout of this technology in our own products, Lextrum expects to begin licensing its technology for use to other radio designers and manufacturers, which we believe will generate license and royalty fee revenues commencing in late 2024. 

7 

Software Offerings 

Our Mobile Edge Compute, Edge Cloud, transforms
communication networks into powerful cloud-computing infrastructures for applications and services, including augmented and virtual reality,
Internet of Things IoT ), edge analytics, high-definition video, connected cars, autonomous drones and more. SAGUNA allows
these next-generation applications to run closer to the user in a wireless network, dramatically cutting down on latency, which is a fundamental
and critical requirement of 5G networks. SAGUNA s Edge Cloud operates on general purpose computing hardware but can be optimized
to support the latest artificial intelligence and machine learning features through dedicated accelerators . 

Tethered Drones and Aerostats 

Through our Drone Aviation and SKS subsidiaries,
we design, develop, market, sell and provide logistical services for specialized tethered aerial monitoring and communications platforms
serving national defense, security, and commercial customers for use in applications including surveillance and communications. Through
Drone Aviation, we focus primarily on the development of a tethered aerostat known as the WASP, which is principally designed for military
and security applications where it provides secure and reliable aerial monitoring for extended durations while being tethered to the ground
via a high strength armored tether. Through SKS, we offer our HoverMast line of quadrotor-tethered drones that feature uninterruptible
ground-based power, fiber optic communications for cyber immunity, and the ability to operate in GPS-denied environments while delivering
dramatically improved situational awareness and communications capabilities to users. HoverMast is utilized by the Israeli government
for border patrol and coastal applications and is also deployed in several international markets. 

Our core aerostat products are designed to provide
real-time, semi-persistent situational awareness to various military and national security customers such as the U.S. Department of Defense
and units of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, such as the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, to improve security at the nation s
ports and borders. The WASP tethered aerostat system provides customers with tactical, highly-mobile and cost-effective aerial monitoring
and communications capabilities in remote or austere locations where existing infrastructure is lacking or not accessible. Current WASP
products include the WASP tactical aerostat and WASP Lite, a rapidly-deployable, compact aerostat system. WASP aerostats are either self-contained
on a trailer that can be towed by a military all-terrain vehicle (MATV) or a mine-resistant ambush-protected vehicle (MRAP) or other standard
vehicle, operated from the bed of a pickup truck or UTV or mounted to a building rooftop. They are designed to provide semi-persistent,
mobile, real-time day/night high-definition video for ISR, detection of improvised explosive devices, border security and other governmental
and civilian uses. The HoverMast 100 model system sold by SKS has been mounted in permanent locations, as well as on mobile platforms
such as certain long-bed pickup trucks and marine vessels. With its imbedded fiber optic tether system, the HoverMast offers a myriad
of optical sensors, signal collection devices and communication radios and has had a sophisticated mounted airborne radar. We believe
our Drone Aviation and SKS products also can also be utilized for disaster response missions by supporting two-way and cellular communications
and acting as a repeater or provider of wireless networking. 

Both the WASP and WASP Lite aerostat systems employ
a tethered envelope filled with helium gas for lift to carry either a stabilized ISR or communications payload, a portable ground control
station and a datalink between the ground station and the envelope. Hovering between 500 and 1,500 feet above the ground, the systems
provide surveillance and communications capabilities with relatively low acquisition and operating costs. The systems require an operational
crew of a minimum of two people, have relatively simple maintenance procedures, and feature quick retrieval and helium top-off for re-inflation.
The HoverMast system can deploy and recover the tethered drone unit at heights ranging from 15 feet to 330 feet in minutes. SKS was idled
in June 2022 and subsequently sold in March 2023. 

Our Services 

In addition to our products, we offer maintenance
and support services, as well as a selection of other professional services. We utilize a multi-tiered support model to deliver services
that leverage the capabilities of our own direct resources, channels partners and other third-party organizations. 

Our professional services are provided primarily
by our Silver Bullet subsidiary, which engineers, designs and develops a broad range of next-generation network systems and system components,
including: 

hardware and software design and development, including ISR, embedded designs, high-speed digital and radio frequency (RF), printed circuit board design, field-programmable gate array (FPGA) and application-specific integrated circuit (ASIC) designs; 

large-scale network protocol development and software-defined radio systems; and 

wireless communications designs in tactical, automotive and cellular communication systems, municipal/public networks, security systems, and consumer electronics. 

We believe a broad range of services is essential
to the successful customer deployment and ongoing support of our products, and we employ remote technical support engineers, spare parts
planning and logistics staff and professional services consultants with proven network experience to provide our services. 

8 

Customers 

We manufacture and sell our portfolio of telecommunications-related
products on a global basis to over 700 legacy customers. Our customers include a large percentage of mobile cellular carriers, large international
corporations, governments, and private network users. We believe our diversified customer base provides us an opportunity to leverage
our skills, experience and varied product lines across markets and reduces our exposure to a single end market. Additionally, we believe
the diversity of our customer base is an important strength of our company. 

We believe there has been a trend on the part
of customers to consolidate their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that can meet certain technical, quality, delivery and other
standards while maintaining competitive prices. We believe we have positioned our offerings and resources to compete effectively in this
environment. As an industry participant in the telecommunications microwave backhaul segment, we have established close working relationships
with many of our customers on a global basis. These relationships allow us to better anticipate and respond to the needs of these customer
when designing new products and technical solutions. By working with customers in developing new products and technologies, we can identify
and act on trends and leverage knowledge about next-generation technology across our portfolio of products. In addition, we have concentrated
our efforts on service, procurement and manufacturing improvements designed to increase product quality and performance and lower product
lead-time and cost. 

Manufacturing, Suppliers and Vendors 

The manufacturing of our microwave radios and
other network communications products is outsourced to principally two third-party contract manufacturers, Benchmark Electronics, Inc. Benchmark and SMC, LLC SMC ), which are well-established contract manufacturers with expertise in the telecom
equipment industry. This approach allows us to reduce our costs as we reduce our manufacturing overhead and inventory and allows us to
adjust quickly to changing customer demand. SMC provides Printed Circuit Board PCB component mounting services for our
Fastback IBR radio assembly. Benchmark assembles our DragonWave radio products using design specifications, quality assurance programs
and standards that we establish, and it procures components and assembles our products based on our demand forecasts. These forecasts
represent our estimates of future demand for our products based upon historical trends and analysis from our sales and product management
functions as adjusted for overall market conditions. 

The manufacturing agreement we entered with Benchmark
does not provide for any minimum purchase commitments and had an initial term of two years, which now automatically renews for one-year
terms, unless either party gives written notice to the other party not less than 90 days prior to the last day of the applicable
term. Additionally, this agreement may be terminated by either party (i) with advance written notice provided to the other party,
subject to certain notice period limitations, or (ii) with written notice, subject to applicable cure periods, if the other party
has materially breached its obligations under the agreement. Our SMC agreement provides us with a great deal of flexibility and provisions
therein allow us to limit or increase output. 

We believe that these contract manufacturing relationships
allow us to operate our business efficiently by focusing our internal efforts on the development of our technologies and products providing
us with substantial scale-up capacity. We regularly test quality on-site at Benchmark s facility and SMC s facility, and we
obtain full quality inspection reports. We also maintain non-disclosure agreements with Benchmark and SMC. 

We and our contract manufacturing partners purchase
a wide variety of raw materials for the manufacture of our network communications products, including (i) precious metals such as
gold, silver and palladium, (ii) aluminum, steel, copper, titanium and metal alloy products and (iii) plastic materials. We
also purchase a wide variety of mechanical and electronic components for the manufacturing of such products. Such raw materials and components
are generally available throughout the world and are purchased domestically, when possible, from a variety of suppliers. We are generally
not dependent upon any one source for raw materials or components. We do not anticipate substantial difficulties in obtaining raw materials
or components necessary to produce our network communications products. 

However, certain materials and equipment for our
Drone Aviation and SKS products are custom made for those products and are available only from a limited number of suppliers. Failure
of a supplier could cause delays in delivery of the products if another supplier cannot promptly be found or if the quality of such replacement
supplier s components is inferior or unacceptable. For a discussion of certain risks related to raw materials and components, see
 Risk Factors in this report. 

9 

Competition 

The telecommunications and mobile broadband markets
are highly competitive and rapidly evolving. We compete with domestic and international companies, many of which have substantially greater
financial and other resources than we do. We encounter substantial competition in most of our markets, although we believe we have few
competitors that compete with us in performance capabilities across all our product lines and markets. Our principal competitors in one
or more of our product lines or markets include Ericsson, Nokia, Cambium, Ceragon, Aviat and Huawei. We also compete with internally developed
network solutions of certain network equipment manufacturers, including Facebook, Google, AT T, Verizon, and T-Mobile. Finally, we
face competition from working groups and associations that are the result of joint developments among certain of the competitors listed
above. Consolidation in the telecommunications and mobile broadband industry has increased in recent years, and future consolidation could
further intensify the competitive pressures that we face. 

The principal competitive factors upon which we
compete include performance, power consumption, rapid innovation, breadth of product line, availability, product reliability, reputation,
level of integration and cost, multi-sourcing and selling price. We believe that we compete effectively by offering higher levels of customer
value through high speed, high density, low power consumption, broad integration of wireless radio functions, software intelligence for
configuration, control and monitoring, cost-efficiency, ease of deployment and collaborative product design. We cannot be certain we will
continue to compete effectively. 

We may also face competition from companies that
may expand into our industry and introduce additional competitive products. The same standardization that allows for the integration of
our products into wireless infrastructure systems carries the side effect of lowing the competitive threshold for new market entrants.
Existing and potential customers and strategic partners are also potential competitors. These customers may internally develop or acquire
additional competitive products or technologies, selectively or through consolidation of the companies in our industry, which may cause
them to reduce or cease their purchases from us. 

Research and Development 

We generally implement our product development
strategy through product design teams and collaborative initiatives with customers, which can also result in our company obtaining approved
vendor status for our customers new products and programs. We focus our research and development efforts primarily on those product
areas that we believe have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one to three year
period. We seek to have our products become widely accepted within the industry for similar applications and products manufactured by
other potential customers, which we believe will provide additional sources of future revenue. By developing application-specific products,
we can decrease our exposure to standard products, which are more likely to experience greater pricing pressure. 

Intellectual Property 

Our success and ability to compete depend substantially
upon our core technology and intellectual property rights. We generally rely on patent, trademark and copyright laws, trade secret protection
and confidentiality agreements to protect our intellectual property rights. These agreements acknowledge our exclusive ownership of intellectual
property developed for us and require that all proprietary information remain confidential. 

We maintain a program designed to identify technology
that is appropriate for patent and trade secret protection, and we file patent applications in the United States and, when appropriate,
certain other countries for inventions that we consider significant. As of June 30, 2022, we had approximately 130 patents granted in
the United States and foreign jurisdictions that expire between 2022 and 2040. As of such date, we also had approximately 25 patent
applications pending in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. We also continue to acquire patents through acquisitions or
direct prosecution efforts and engage in licensing transactions to secure the right to use third parties patents. Although our
business is not materially dependent upon any one patent, our patent rights and the products made and sold under our patents, taken as
a whole, are a significant element of our business. 

In addition to patents, we also possess other
intellectual property, including trademarks, know-how, trade secrets, design rights and copyrights. We control access to and use of our
software, technology, and other proprietary information through internal and external controls, including contractual protections with
employees, contractors, customers, and partners. Our software is protected by U.S. and international copyright, patent, and trade secret
laws. Despite our efforts to protect our software, technology and other proprietary information, unauthorized parties may still copy or
otherwise obtain and use our software, technology, and other proprietary information. In addition, we have expanded our international
operations, and effective patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret protection may not be available or may be limited in foreign
countries. 

10 

Regulation 

As our customers operate around the world and,
to a limited degree, we rely upon non-U.S. manufacturers to make our products, our business and ability to successfully compete for business
in our industry may become dependent upon global supply, manufacturing and customer relationships that are affected by the trade and tariff
policies of each country in which we operate. Increased tariffs on parts and components imposed by the countries in which our product
components may be sourced can increase our production costs, and increased tariffs imposed by the countries in which our products are
sold can increase the cost of our products to our customers. 

Certain of our products and services are subject
to export controls, including the Export Administration Regulations of the U.S. Department of Commerce and economic and trade sanctions
regulations administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Controls of the U.S. Treasury Department, and similar laws and regulations that
apply in other jurisdictions in which we distribute or sell our products and services. Export control and economic sanctions laws and
regulations include restrictions and prohibitions on the sale or supply of certain products and services and on the transfer of parts,
components and related technical information and know-how to certain countries, regions, governments, persons, and entities. U.S. regulators
may also impose new restrictions on previously non-controlled emerging or foundational items and technologies for which exports to countries
such as China are deemed to present undesirable national security risks. Even without such legislative or regulatory action, we would
be prohibited from exporting our products to any foreign recipient if we have knowledge that a violation of U.S. export regulations has
occurred, is about to occur or is intended to occur in connection with the item. Different countries may implement their own export control
regulatory systems, which can affect the flow of parts, components, finished products and related technologies throughout the supply chain
to and from suppliers, manufacturers, distributors, and customers. 

In addition, various countries regulate imports
of certain products through permitting, licensing and transaction review procedures, and may enact laws that could limit our ability to
produce or distribute our products or the ability of our customers to produce or distribute products into which our products are incorporated.
The exportation, re-exportation, transfers within foreign countries and importation of our products and the parts, components, and technologies
necessary to manufacture our products, including by our partners, must comply with these laws and regulations. Among these regulations
are rules in the United States and other countries that prohibit companies such as Huawei from supplying products and services for
national telecommunications networks. The U.S. government is developing regulatory mechanisms through which it may block imports into
the United States of certain information and communications products and services designed, developed, manufactured or supplied by
entities owned by, controlled by or subject to the jurisdiction or direction of a foreign adversary where the transaction presents an
undue risk to U.S. information and communications technology or services, critical infrastructure or the digital economy of the United States,
or other unacceptable risks to the national security of the United States or the security and safety of United States persons.
U.S. government procurement supply chain risk management regulations prohibit U.S. government agencies from directly or indirectly contracting
to obtain certain telecommunications and video surveillance equipment, systems or services produced or performed by certain designated
Chinese companies, and this prohibition is expected to be extended to prohibit U.S. government agencies from contracting with entities
that use such equipment, systems or services, and to prohibit the use of U.S. government grant or loan proceeds to acquire such equipment,
systems or services. 

We are also subject to various domestic and international
anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations in
other places where we do business. These laws and regulations generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from offering or making
improper payments to governmental, political, and certain international organization officials for the purpose of obtaining, retaining
or directing business. Our exposure for violating these laws and regulations increases as our international presence expands and as we
increase sales and operations in foreign jurisdictions. 

In addition, we are subject to, or are expected
to facilitate our customers compliance with, environmental, health and safety laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions
in which we operate or sell our products. These laws and regulations govern, among other things, the handling and disposal of hazardous
substances and wastes, employee health and safety and the use of hazardous materials in, and the recycling of, our products. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we employed 25 full-time
employees and 6 contractors for a total of 31 full-time equivalents (FTEs), consisting of 3 FTEs in research and development, 17 FTEs
in operations, which includes manufacturing, supply chain, quality control and assurance, and 11 FTEs in executive, sales, marketing,
general and administrative positions. The 6 contractors are in marketing and general and administrative roles. As a result of the reduction
of workforce, the Company may face claims from terminated employees. We have never had a work stoppage, and none of our employees is represented
by a labor organization or under any collective bargaining arrangements. In general, we consider our employee relations to be good. All
employees are subject to contractual agreements that specify requirements on confidentiality and restrictions on working for competitors,
as well as other standard matters. 

11 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our securities involves a
high degree of risk. These risks should be considered carefully with the uncertainties, described below, and all other information included
in this report, before deciding whether to purchase our securities. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to management
or that management currently deems immaterial and therefore not referenced herein, may also become material and may harm our business,
financial condition or results of operations. The occurrence of any of the following risks could harm our business, financial condition
and results of operations. The trading price of our securities could decline due to any of these risks and uncertainties and you may lose
part or all of your investment. 

Risk Factors Summary 

An investment in our securities involves a high
degree of risk. Any of the factors set forth under Risk factors may limit our ability to successfully execute our business
strategy. You should carefully consider all of the information set forth in this Annual Report, and, in particular, you should evaluate
the specific factors set forth under Risk Factors in deciding whether to invest in our securities. Among these important
risks are the following: 

Since our acquisition of ComSovereign in November 2019 and considering our recent liquidity challenges, we lack an established operating history on which to evaluate our consolidated business and determine if we will be able to execute our business plan, and we can give no assurance that our operations will result in profits. 

We incurred net losses in our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 with negative cash flows, and we cannot assure you as to when, or if, we will become profitable and generate positive cash flows. 

We expect to continue to incur losses from operations and negative cash flows, which raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We may not generate sufficient cash flows to cover our operating expenses. 

We have significant debt and if we are unable to repay our debt when it becomes due, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed. 

We have defaulted on certain debt obligations and lease obligations and if we are unable to meet our obligations when it becomes due, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed. 

If we are unable to obtain additional funding when needed, our business operations will be harmed, and if we do obtain additional financing, our then-existing stockholders may suffer substantial dilution. 

Raising capital in the future could cause dilution to our existing stockholders and may restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights. 

Pandemics may negatively affect our operations depending on the severity and longevity of the pandemic. 

Rapid technological change in our market and/or changes in customer requirements could cause our products to become obsolete or require us to redesign our products, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Product development is a long, expensive and uncertain process, and our failure to develop marketable products in our various markets could adversely affect our business, prospects and financial condition. 

We compete with companies that have significantly more resources for their research and development efforts than we have or have received government contracts for the development of new products. 

Product quality problems, defects, errors or vulnerabilities in our products could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

If we lose our rights to use software we currently license from third parties, we could be forced to seek alternative technology, which could increase our operating expenses and could adversely affect our ability to compete. 

If sufficient radio spectrum is not allocated for use by our products or if we fail to obtain regulatory approval for our products, our ability to market our products may be restricted. 

If critical components or raw materials used to manufacture our products become scarce or unavailable, then we may incur delays in manufacturing and delivery of our products, which could damage our business. 

Our future profitability may depend on achieving cost reductions from increasing manufacturing quantities of our products. Failing to achieve such reductions in manufacturing costs could materially affect our business. 

We rely primarily upon two outsourced manufacturers, one each for manufacturing FastBack radios and DragonWave radios and related components and we are exposed to the risk that these two manufacturers will not be able to satisfy our manufacturing needs on a timely basis. 

Our potential customers for our aerostat and drone products are likely to include U.S. Government or Government-related entities that are subject to appropriations by Congress. Reduced funding for defense procurement and research and development programs would likely adversely impact our ability to generate revenues. 

12 

Challenging global economic conditions, ongoing geopolitical and trade uncertainty and ongoing local and regional conflicts may adversely impact the demand, cost and pricing for our products and services, as well as limit our ability to grow. 

We may be unable to successfully integrate our recent and future acquisitions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

There may be health and safety risks relating to wireless products. 

If a successful product liability claim were made against us, our business could be seriously harmed. 

Our tethered aerostat and drone business and operations are subject to the risks of hurricanes, tropical storms, and other natural disasters. 

We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and we cannot assure you that additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies will not occur in the future. If our internal control over financial reporting or our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, which may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and may lead to a decline in our stock price. 

Our common stock price may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses to investors and litigation. 

We have been delinquent with timely filing of our Annual Report and Quarterly Reports with the SEC and cannot assure that we will be able to timely file our reports in the future. 

We are not in compliance with Nasdaq s listing standards and cannot assure that we will be able to comply with Nasdaq s listing standards in the future or that our common stock, warrants, and 9.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock will remain listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 

We lack an established operating history
on which to evaluate our consolidated business and determine if we will be able to execute our business plan, and we can give no assurance
that our operations will result in profits. 

While we have conducted our Drone Aviation business
operations since 2014, we consummated the acquisition of our ComSovereign subsidiary and its various lines of business, which are diverse
and involve a number of different proposed and existing product offerings, in November 2019, and a number of other operating subsidiaries
since that time. As a result, we have a limited operating history as a consolidated Company upon which you may evaluate our business and
prospects. Our business operations are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties, expenses, and difficulties associated with early-stage
enterprises. You should consider an investment in our Company in light of these risks, uncertainties, expenses and difficulties. Such
risks include: 

the absence of an operating history in our current business and at our current scale; 

our ability to anticipate and adapt to developing markets; 

acceptance by customers; 

limited marketing experience; 

competition from competitors with substantially greater financial resources and assets; 

our ability to provide superior customer service; and 

reliance on key personnel. 

Because we are subject to these risks, and the
other risks discussed below, you may have a difficult time evaluating our business and your investment in our Company. 

We incurred net losses in our 2022 and 2021
fiscal years with negative cash flows, and we cannot assure you as to when, or if, we will become profitable and generate positive cash
flows. 

We experienced net losses from operations in our
fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and we may continue to incur net losses from operations in the future. Losses have historically
required us to seek additional funding through the issuance of debt or equity securities. Our long-term success is dependent upon, among
other things, achieving positive cash flows from operations and, if necessary, augmenting such cash flows using external resources to
satisfy our cash needs. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional funding, if needed, on commercially reasonable
terms, if at all. 

We expect to continue to incur losses from
operations and negative cash flows, which raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We anticipate incurring additional losses until
such time, if ever, as we can generate significant sales of our microwave radios and related products. We will require substantial additional
financing to fund our operations and to develop and commercialize the technologies of our other operating subsidiaries. These factors
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

13 

We will seek to obtain additional capital through
the sale of non-core assets, debt or equity financings or other arrangements to fund operations; however, there can be no assurance that
we will be able to raise needed capital under acceptable terms, if at all. The sale of additional equity may dilute existing stockholders
and newly issued shares may contain senior rights and preferences compared to currently outstanding shares of common stock. Issued debt
securities may contain covenants and limit our ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to stockholders. If we are unable
to obtain such additional financing, future operations would need to be scaled back or discontinued. Due to the uncertainty in our ability
to raise capital, we believe that there is substantial doubt in our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We may not generate sufficient cash flows
to cover our operating expenses. 

As noted above, we have incurred recurring losses
since inception. Until we can generate significant sales of our product lines, we expect to continue to incur losses primarily as a result
of costs and expenses related to research and continued development of the technologies of our operating subsidiaries and our corporate
general and administrative expenses. Our operations to date have been funded primarily through sales of our debt and equity securities.
As of December 31, 2022, we had negative working capital of approximately 15.9 million and limited available cash. In the event that
we are unable to generate sufficient cash from our operating activities or raise additional funds, we may be required to delay, reduce
or severely curtail our operations or otherwise impede our on-going business efforts, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, operating results, financial condition and long-term prospects. 

We have significant debt and if we are unable
to repay our debt when it becomes due, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially harmed. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had total debt of
approximately 13.5 million, excluding accrued interest. Our outstanding indebtedness could have significant effects on our business,
such as: 

limiting our ability to borrow additional amounts to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our growth strategy and other purposes; 

requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flows from operations to pay interest on our debt, which would reduce availability of our cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures, potential acquisitions, execution of our growth strategy and other general corporate purposes; 

making us more vulnerable to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions, in government regulation and in our business by limiting our ability to plan for and react to changing conditions; and 

placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared with our competitors that have less debt. 

We may not be able to generate sufficient cash
flows from our operations to repay our indebtedness when it becomes due and to meet our other cash needs. If we are not able to pay our
debts as they become due, we will be required to pursue one or more alternative strategies, such as selling assets, refinancing or restructuring
our indebtedness, or selling additional debt or equity securities. We may not be able to refinance our debt, sell additional debt or equity
securities or sell our assets on favorable terms, if at all, and if we must sell our assets, we may negatively affect our ability to generate
revenue. 

We have defaulted on certain debt obligations
and if we are unable to meet our obligations when it becomes due, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be
materially harmed. 

Certain of our debt obligations required us to
timely file periodic financial reports with the SEC. On or about April 16, 2022, we became in default of such provisions by failing to
file our Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021. We also failed to timely file our Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31,
2022, June 30, 2022, and September 30, 2022. Those periodic reports have subsequently been filed with the SEC and the Company regained
compliance with Nasdaq effective February 27, 2023. 

On March 31, 2023, COMSovereign Holding Corp.
(the Company filed a notice of late filing on Form 12b-25 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC to report that its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K would not be timely filed.
We also failed to timely file our Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023, and September 30, 2023. 

On April 18, 2023, the Company received a notice
from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq stating that because the Company has not yet filed the Form 10-K, the Company
is no longer in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), which requires listed companies to timely file all required periodic financial
reports with the SEC. On May 17, 2023, the Company received a notice from Nasdaq stating that because the Company has not yet filed the
Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2023, the Company remains not in compliance with respect to the delinquent reports. On August
16, 2023, the Company received a notice from Nasdaq stating that because the Company has not yet filed its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, the Company is not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

On October 16, 2023, the Company received notice
from the Listing Qualifications Staff (the Staff indicating that the Staff had determined to delist the Company s
securities unless the Company timely requests a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ). The Staff s
determination was based upon the Company s continued non-compliance with the filing requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule
5250(c)(1) because the Company has not filed its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the Forms 10-Q for the periods ended
March 31, 2023 and June 30, 2023. On November 16, 2023, the Company received
a notice from Nasdaq stating that because the Company has not yet filed its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2023, the Company is not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

The Company requested and obtained a hearing before the Panel, as well
as a further stay of any additional action by Nasdaq pending the issuance of a decision by the Panel. There can be no assurance that a
stay will be granted or that a favorable decision will be obtained. 

14 

If the Company fails to timely regain compliance
with the Nasdaq Listing Rule within any grace period granted by the Nasdaq Hearings Panel, the Company s common stock, warrants
and 9.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock will be subject to delisting from Nasdaq. There is no assurance that
the Company will regain compliance during any grace periods or be able to maintain compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements
in the future. If we are not able to regain compliance during a grace period, Nasdaq will notify us that our common stock, warrants, and
9.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock will be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

We have debt obligations that we are in
default on and are not timely able to satisfy. 

Our outstanding indebtedness and defaults on debt
could have significant effects on our business, such as: 

limiting our ability to borrow additional amounts to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our growth strategy and other purposes; 

requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flows from operations to make debt payments, which would reduce availability of our cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures, potential acquisitions, execution of our growth strategy and other general corporate purposes; 

making us more vulnerable to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions, in government regulation and in our business by limiting our ability to plan for and react to changing conditions; 

placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared with our competitors that have not defaulted on lease obligations; and 

costs associated with potential lawsuits over defaulted debt obligations. 

We may not be able to generate sufficient cash
flows from our operations to repay our debt obligations when they become due and to meet our other cash needs. If we are not able to pay
our debt obligations as they become due, we will be required to pursue one or more alternative strategies, such as selling assets, refinancing
or restructuring our indebtedness, or selling additional debt or equity securities. We may not be able to sell additional debt or equity
securities or sell our assets on favorable terms, if at all, and if we must sell our assets, we may negatively affect our ability to generate
revenue. 

We have defaulted on certain lease obligations
and if we are unable to meet our obligations when it becomes due, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be
materially harmed. 

On February 1, 2022, we entered into a 10-year
lease for 140,405 square feet of commercial space in Tucson, Arizona, and defaulted on this lease on or about March 1, 2022. In addition,
at least three of our subsidiaries are in default of leases. 

Our outstanding indebtedness and default on leases
could have significant effects on our business, such as: 

limiting our ability to borrow additional amounts to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our growth strategy and other purposes; 

requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flows from operations to make lease payments, which would reduce availability of our cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures, potential acquisitions, execution of our growth strategy and other general corporate purposes; 

making us more vulnerable to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions, in government regulation and in our business by limiting our ability to plan for and react to changing conditions; 

placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared with our competitors that have not defaulted on lease obligations; and 

costs associated with potential lawsuits over leases. 

We may not be able to generate sufficient cash
flows from our operations to repay our lease obligations when they become due and to meet our other cash needs. If we are not able to
pay our lease obligations as they become due, we will be required to pursue one or more alternative strategies, such as selling assets,
refinancing or restructuring our indebtedness, or selling additional debt or equity securities. We may not be able to sell additional
debt or equity securities or sell our assets on favorable terms, if at all, and if we must sell our assets, we may negatively affect our
ability to generate revenue. 

If we are unable to obtain additional funding
when needed, our business operations will be harmed, and if we do obtain additional financing, our then-existing stockholders may suffer
substantial dilution. 

As we take steps in the commercialization and
marketing of our technologies or respond to potential opportunities and/or adverse events, our working capital needs may change. We anticipate
that if our cash and cash equivalents are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements, we will require additional funding to sustain
our ongoing operations and to continue our research and development activities. We do not have any contracts or commitments for additional
funding, and there can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all, if needed.
The inability to obtain additional capital will restrict our ability to grow and may reduce our ability to conduct business operations.
If we are unable to obtain additional financing to finance a revised growth plan, we will likely be required to curtail such plans or
cease our business operations. Any additional equity financing may involve substantial dilution to our then existing stockholders. 

Raising capital in the future could cause
dilution to our existing stockholders and may restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights. 

In the future, we may seek additional capital
through a combination of private and public equity offerings, debt financings and collaborations and strategic and licensing arrangements.
To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will
be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. Debt financing,
if available, would result in increased fixed payment obligations and may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting
our ability to take specific actions such as incurring debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional
funds through collaboration or strategic alliance arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our future
revenue streams or product candidates on terms that are not favorable to us. 

15 

The occurrence of pandemics has and may still negatively affect
our operations depending on the severity and longevity of the pandemic. 

A pandemic typically results in social distancing,
travel bans and quarantine, and this may limit access to our facilities, customers, management, support staff and professional advisors.
These factors, in turn, may not only impact our operations, financial condition and demand for our goods and services but our overall
ability to react timely to mitigate the impact of this event. In addition, it may hamper our efforts to comply with our filing obligations
with the SEC. At this time, we cannot predict the impact of pandemics on our ability to obtain financing necessary to fund our working
capital and other requirements. Depending on the severity and longevity of pandemics, our business, customers and stockholders has and
may still experience a significant negative impact. 

Rapid technological change in our market and/or changes in customer
requirements could cause our products to become obsolete or require us to redesign our products, which would have a material adverse effect
on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

The market for our products is characterized by
rapid technological change, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, uncertain product life cycles, changing customer demands
and evolving industry standards, any of which can render existing products obsolete. We believe that our future success will depend in
large part on our ability to develop new and effective products in a timely manner and on a cost-effective basis. As a result of the complexities
inherent in our products, major new products and product enhancements can require long development and testing periods, which may result
in significant delays in the general availability of new releases or significant problems in the implementation of new releases. In addition,
if we or our competitors announce or introduce new products our current or future customers may defer or cancel purchases of our products,
which could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Our failure to develop successfully,
on a timely and cost-effective basis, new products or new product enhancement that respond to technological change, evolving industry
standards or customer requirements would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Product development is a long, expensive,
and uncertain process, and our failure to develop marketable products in our various markets could adversely affect our business, prospects
and financial condition. 

The development of our technologies and products,
particularly for our proposed full-duplex wireless microwave products and our state-of-the-art in silicon photonic SiP technologies product lines, is a costly, complex and time-consuming process, and the investment in product development often involves
a long wait until a return, if any, is achieved on such investment. We continue to make significant investments in research and development
relating to our technologies and products. Investments in new technology and processes are inherently speculative. Technical obstacles
and challenges we encounter in our research and development process may result in delays in or abandonment of product commercialization,
substantially increase the costs of development and negatively affect our results of operations. 

We compete with companies that have significantly
more resources for their research and development efforts than we have or have received government contracts for the development of new
products. 

A number of our competitors have received considerable
funding from government or government-related sources to develop various technologies or products. Most of these organizations and many
of our other competitors have greater financial, technical, manufacturing, marketing and sales resources and capabilities than we do.
In addition, with respect to products we are developing for certain markets, we anticipate increasing competition as a result of industry
consolidation, which has enabled companies to enhance their competitive position and ability to compete against us. These organizations
also compete with us to: 

attract parties for acquisitions, joint ventures or other collaborations; 

license proprietary technology that is competitive with the technology we are developing; 

attract funding; and 

attract and hire talented and other qualified personal. 

Our competitors may succeed in developing and
commercializing products earlier than we do. Our competitors may also develop products or technologies that are superior to those we are
developing and render our technology candidates or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. If we cannot successfully compete with new
or existing products and technologies, our marketing and sales will suffer, and our financial condition would be adversely affected. 

Successful technical development of our
products does not guarantee successful commercialization. 

Even if we successfully complete the technical
development for one or all of our product development programs, we may still fail to develop a commercially successful product for a number
of reasons, including, among others, the following: 

lack of working capital for the purchase of parts or the costs of manufacturing; 

failure to obtain the required regulatory approvals for their use; 

prohibitive production costs; 

competing products; 

lack of innovation of the product; 

continuing technological changes in the market rendering the product obsolete; 

16 

failure to scale-up our operations sufficiently to satisfy demand for our products; 

ineffective distribution and marketing; 

lack of sufficient cooperation from our partners; and 

demonstrations of the products not aligning with or meeting customer needs. 

Although we have sold our DragonWave and FastBack
radios, 5G solution, our WASP aerostat systems and various other aerostat intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance ISR systems and components, our success in the market for the products we develop will depend largely on our ability to prove our products 
capabilities. Upon demonstration, our products may not have the capabilities they were designed to have or that we believed they would
have. Furthermore, even if we do successfully demonstrate our products capabilities, potential customers may be more comfortable
doing business with a larger, more established, more proven company than ours. Moreover, competing products may prevent us from gaining
wide market acceptance of our products. We may not achieve significant revenue from new product investments for a number of years, if
at all. 

Product quality problems, defects, errors,
or vulnerabilities in our products could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects. 

We may experience quality control problems in
our manufacturing or the manufacturing operations of our contract manufacturers. We produce highly complex products that incorporate advanced
technologies and that we believe to be state-of-the-art for our industry. Despite our testing prior to their release, our products may
contain undetected defects or errors, including design, contract manufacturing or supplier quality issues, especially when first introduced
or when new versions are released. Product defects or errors in the future could affect the performance of our products and could delay
the development or release of new products or new versions of products. In addition, undetected quality problems may prompt unexpected
product returns and adversely affect warranty costs. Allegations of unsatisfactory performance could cause us to lose revenue or market
share, damage our reputation in the market and with customers, and increase our warranty costs and related returns, which could negatively
impact our gross margins, cause us to incur substantial costs in redesigning the products, cause us to lose significant customers, subject
us to liability for damages or divert our resources from other tasks, any one of which could materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

If we lose our rights to use software, we
currently license from third parties, we could be forced to seek alternative technology, which could increase our operating expenses and
could adversely affect our ability to compete. 

We license certain software used in our products
from third parties, generally on a non-exclusive basis. The termination of any of these licenses, or the failure of the licensors to adequately
maintain or update their software, could delay our ability to ship our products while we seek to implement alternative technology offered
by other sources and could require significant unplanned investments on our part if we are forced to develop alternative technology internally.
In addition, alternative technology may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms from other sources. In the future, it
may be necessary or desirable to obtain other third-party licenses relating to one or more of our products or relating to current or future
technologies to enhance our product offerings. There is a risk that we will not be able to obtain licensing rights to the needed technology
on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. 

If sufficient radio spectrum is not allocated
for use by our products or if we fail to obtain regulatory approval for our products, our ability to market our products may be restricted. 

Radio communications are subject to significant
regulation in North America, Europe, India and other jurisdictions in which we sell our products. Generally, our products must conform
to a variety of national and international standards and requirements established to avoid interference among users of radio frequencies
and to permit the interconnections of telecommunications equipment. In addition, our products are affected by the allocation and licensing
(by auction or other means) of radio spectrum by governmental authorities. Such governmental authorities may not allocate or license sufficient
radio spectrum for use by prospective customers of our products. Historically, in many developed countries, the lack of availability of
commercial radio spectrum or the failure by governments to license that spectrum has inhibited the growth of wireless telecommunications
networks. 

In certain cases, in order to sell our products
in any given jurisdiction, we must obtain regulatory approval for our products. Each jurisdiction in which we market our products has
its own rules relating to such approval. Products that support emerging wireless telecommunications services can be marketed in a jurisdiction
only if permitted by suitable radio spectrum allocations and regulations, and the process of establishing new regulations is complex and
lengthy. 

Any failure by regulatory authorities to allocate
suitable and sufficient radio spectrum to potential customers in a timely manner could adversely and materially impact demand for our
products and may result in the delay or loss of potential orders for our products. In addition, any failure by us to obtain or maintain
the proper regulatory approvals for our products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

We are dependent upon our resellers in certain
jurisdictions to provide localized support and other local services which assist us in avoiding certain costs and investments. 

By selling our products in certain markets through
resellers, we are able to avoid certain costs relating to operating in those markets, including but not limited to local support costs,
costs of maintaining a local legal entity, administration costs and logistics. If we choose or are required to sell direct in these markets
(due to customer preference, termination of a reseller relationship or other reasons), the cost advantages described will no longer be
available to us, which could result in an increase in our operating costs. 

17 

If critical components or raw materials
used to manufacture our products become scarce or unavailable, then we may incur delays in manufacturing and delivery of our products,
which could damage our business. 

We and the contract manufacturers of our products
rely on a limited number of suppliers for the raw materials and hardware components necessary to manufacture our products. We do not have
any long-term agreements with any of our suppliers that obligate them to continue to sell their materials or products to us. Our reliance
on these suppliers involves significant risks and uncertainties as to whether our suppliers will provide an adequate supply of required
raw materials, component parts, and products. Lead-times for limited-source materials and components can be as long as twelve months,
vary significantly and depend on factors such as the specific supplier, contract terms and demand for a component at a given time. From
time to time, shortages in allocations of components have resulted in delays in filling orders. Shortages and delays in obtaining components
in the future could impede our ability to meet customer orders. In addition, as the demand for these components and other products increases,
it is likely that the price for these components will increase. If we or our contract manufacturers are unable to obtain the raw materials,
including certain electrical components used in our products or the helium gas used in our aerostat products to provide lift, and component
parts in the quantities and the quality we require on a timely basis and at acceptable prices, we may not be able to deliver our products
on a timely or cost-effective basis, which could cause our customers to terminate their contracts with us, increase our costs and materially
harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Furthermore, if our suppliers or the suppliers of our contract manufacturers
are unable or unwilling to supply the raw materials or components, we or our contract manufacturers require, we will be forced to locate
alternative suppliers and possibly redesign our products to accommodate components from alternative suppliers. This would likely cause
significant delays in manufacturing and shipping our products to customers and could materially harm our business. 

Our dependence and exposure on component suppliers are heightened when
we introduce new products. New products frequently include components that we do not use in other product lines. When we introduce new
products, we must secure reliable sources of supply for those products at volumes that will be dictated by end-customer demand. Demand
is often difficult to predict until the new product is better established. Constraints in our supply chain can slow the progress of new
product rollouts, adversely affecting our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our future profitability may depend on achieving
cost reductions from increasing manufacturing quantities of our products. Failing to achieve such reductions in manufacturing costs could
materially affect our business. 

We have limited experience manufacturing certain
of our products, particularly our tethered aerostat and drone products and our DragonWave and FastBack microwave radio products, in high
volumes and do not know whether or when we will be able to develop efficient, low-cost manufacturing capabilities and processes that will
enable us to manufacture our products in large quantities while maintaining our quality, speed, price, engineering and design standards.
Our inability to develop such manufacturing processes and capabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. We expect our suppliers to experience an increase in demand for their products, and we may not have
reliable access to supplies that we require and may not be able to purchase such materials or components at cost effective prices. There
is no assurance that we will obtain any material labor and machinery cost reductions associated with higher production levels, and failure
to achieve these cost reductions could adversely impact our business and financial results. 

We rely primarily upon two outsourced manufacturers,
one for manufacturing our FastBack radios and one for manufacturing DragonWave radios and related components and we
are exposed to the risk that these two manufacturers will not be able to satisfy our manufacturing needs on a timely basis. 

We do not have internal manufacturing capabilities
to mass produce our FastBack and DragonWave radios and related components and we rely upon two outsourced manufacturers, SMC for FastBack
and Benchmark for DragonWave, to manufacture such products. See Description of the Business Manufacturing, Suppliers and
Vendors. Our ability to ship products to our customers could be delayed or interrupted as a result of a variety of factors relating
to our outsourced manufacturer, including: 

our outsourced manufacturer not being obligated to manufacture our products on a long-term basis in any specific quantity or at any specific price; 

early termination of, or failure to renew, contractual arrangements; 

our failure to effectively manage our outsourced manufacturer relationship; 

our outsourced manufacturer experiencing delays, disruptions, or quality control problems in its manufacturing operations; 

lead-times for required materials and components varying significantly and being dependent on factors such as the specific supplier, contract terms and the demand for each component at a given time; 

underestimating our requirements, resulting in our outsourced manufacturer having inadequate materials and components required to produce our products, or overestimating our requirements, resulting in charges assessed by the outsourced manufacturers or liabilities for excess inventory, each of which could negatively affect our gross margins; 

the possible absence of adequate capacity and reduced control over component availability, quality assurances, delivery schedules, manufacturing yields and costs; and 

our outsourced manufacturer experiencing financial instability which could affect its ability to manufacture or deliver our products. 

Although we believe that our outsourced manufacturers
have sufficient economic incentive to perform our manufacturing, the resources devoted to these activities by it are not within our control,
and there can be no assurance that manufacturing problems will not occur in the future. Insufficient supply or an interruption or stoppage
of supply from our outsourced manufacturer or our inability to obtain additional manufacturers when and if needed, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

18 

If any of our outsourced manufacturers are unable
or unwilling to continue manufacturing our products in required volumes and quality levels, we will have to identify, qualify, select
and implement acceptable alternative manufacturers, which would likely be time consuming and costly. In addition, an alternate source
may not be available to us or may not be able to satisfy our production requirements at commercially reasonable prices and quality. Therefore,
any significant interruption in manufacturing would result in us being unable to deliver the affected products to meet our customer orders,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our potential customers for our radios and our aerostat and drone
products are likely to include U.S. Government or Government-related entities that are subject to appropriations by Congress. Reduced
funding for defense procurement and research and development programs would likely adversely impact our ability to generate revenues. 

We anticipate that the majority of our revenue
to be derived from our aerostat product and radio product sales, at least in the foreseeable future, will come from U.S. Government and
Government-related entities, including the U.S. Department of Defense and other departments and agencies. Government programs in which
we may seek to participate, and contracts for tethered aerostats and drones or microwave radios, must compete with other programs for
consideration during Congress budget and appropriations hearings, and may be affected by changes not only in political power and
appointments but also general economic conditions and other factors beyond our control. A government closure based on a failure of Congress
to agree on federal appropriations or the uncertainty surrounding a continuing resolution may result in termination or delay of federal
funding opportunities we are pursuing. Reductions, extensions, or terminations in a program in which we are seeking to participate, or
overall defense or other spending could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues and realize any profits. We cannot predict whether
potential changes in security, defense, communications, and intelligence priorities will afford opportunities for our business in terms
of research and development or product contracts, but any reduction in government spending on such programs could negatively impact our
ability to generate revenues. In addition, our ability to participate in U.S. Government programs may be affected by the adoption of new
laws or regulations relating to government contracting or changes in existing laws or regulations, changes in political or public support
for security and defense programs, and uncertainties associated with the current global threat environment and other geo-political matters. 

Opportunities for expanded uses of our drone
products in the United States are limited by federal laws and rulemaking. 

The drone products we design and manufacture for
use within the United States are limited by federal laws and rulemaking, including the commercial drone regulations (Part 107) adopted
by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (the FAA at the end of August 2016. Our ability to design, manufacture
and release new products for use in the United States will be limited by federal law and regulations, which can be slow and subject
to delays based on political turnover and disruptions in federal funding, among other reasons. The Part 107 rules limit the altitude,
available airspace and weight of a drone and also the certification of remote pilots that can operate a drone for commercial purposes
in the United States. We, or our customers, may seek waivers from the Part 107 rules for expanded operations; however, the processing
of waivers is lengthy and uncertain. Political limits on the ability to issue new regulations could slow the growth of the aerostat and
tethered drone market. 

Some of our products may be subject to governmental
regulations pertaining to exportation, which may limit the markets in which we can sell some of our products. 

International sales of certain of our products,
including our tethered aerostat and drone products, may be subject to U.S. laws, regulations and policies like the International Traffic
in Arms Regulations ITAR and other export laws and regulations and may be subject to first obtaining licenses, clearances
or authorizations from various regulatory entities. If we are not allowed to export our products or the clearance process is burdensome,
our ability to generate revenue would be adversely affected. The failure to comply with any of these regulations could adversely affect
our ability to conduct our business and generate revenues, as well as increase our operating costs. 

Economic conditions in the U.S. and worldwide
could adversely affect our revenues. 

Our revenues and operating results depend on the
overall demand for our technologies and services. If the U.S. and worldwide economies weaken, either alone or in tandem with other factors
beyond our control (including war, political unrest, pandemics, natural disasters, shifts in market demand for our services, actions by
competitors or other causes), we may not be able to maintain or expand the growth of our revenue. 

Sales to customers outside the United States
or with international operations expose us to risks inherent in international sales. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
approximately 7 and 12 , respectively, of our revenues were derived from sales outside of North America. While our near-term focus
is on the North American telecom and infrastructure and service market, a key element of our growth strategy is to expand our worldwide
customer base and our international operations, initially through agreements with third-party resellers, distributors and other partners
that can market and sell our products in foreign jurisdictions. Supporting our distributors operating in international markets may require
significant resources and management attention and may subject us to regulatory, economic, and political risks that are different from
those in the United States. We have limited operating experience in some international markets, and we cannot assure you that our
expansion efforts into other international markets will be successful. Our experience in the United States and other international
markets in which we already have a presence may not be relevant to our ability to expand in other international markets. Our international
expansion efforts may not be successful in creating further demand for our products outside of the United States or in effectively
selling our products in the international markets we enter. In addition, we face risks in doing business internationally that could adversely
affect our business, including: 

the need and expense to localize and adapt our products for specific countries, including translation into foreign languages, and ensuring that our products enable our customers to comply with local telecommunications industry laws and regulations, some of which are frequently changing; 

data privacy laws which require that customer data be stored and processed in a designated territory; 

difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, including employee laws and regulations; 

19 

different pricing environments, longer sales cycles and longer accounts receivable payment cycles, and collections issues; 

new and different sources of competition; 

weaker protection for intellectual property and other legal rights than in the United States and practical difficulties in enforcing intellectual property and other rights outside of the United States; 

laws and business practices favoring local competitors; 

compliance challenges related to the complexity of multiple, conflicting, and changing governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, privacy and data protection, and anti-bribery laws and regulations; 

increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; 

restrictions on the transfer of funds; 

our ability to repatriate funds from abroad without adverse tax consequences; 

adverse tax consequences, including the potential for required withholding taxes; 

fluctuations in the exchange rates of foreign currency in which our foreign revenues or expenses may be denominated; 

changes in trade relations and trade policy, including the status of trade relations between the United States and China or Russia, and the implementation of or changes to trade sanctions, tariffs, and embargoes; 

public health crises, such as epidemics and pandemics, including COVID-19; and 

unstable regional and economic political conditions in the markets in which we operate. 

Any of the foregoing factors could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Some of our business partners also have international
operations and are subject to the risks described above. Even if we are able to successfully manage the risks of international operations,
our business may be adversely affected if our business partners are not able to successfully manage these risks, which could adversely
affect our business. 

Challenging global economic conditions,
ongoing geopolitical and trade uncertainty and ongoing local and regional conflicts may adversely impact the demand, cost and pricing
for our products and services, as well as limit our ability to grow. 

The challenging global economic conditions due
to the pandemic, downturn in the global economy, political unrest and uncertainty, labor and supply shortages, inflation and rising interest
rates, and numerous ongoing local and regional conflicts may have adverse, wide-ranging effects on demand for our products and for the
products of our customers. In addition, the geopolitical risks and trade frictions, including trade restrictions, enhanced sanctions measures
and increased safeguards for national security purposes, can impact global market conditions and continue to be challenging for global
supply chains in general and information and communication technologies supply chains in particular. This could cause operators and other
customers to postpone investments or initiate other cost-cutting measures to maintain or improve their financial position. This could
also result in significantly reduced expenditures for our products and services, in which case our operating results (EBIT) would suffer.
If demand for our products and services were to fall, we may experience material adverse effects on our revenues, cash flow and value
of our assets and we could incur increased operating losses. Furthermore, if demand is significantly weaker or more volatile than expected,
our borrowing opportunities and costs as well as the trading price of our common stock could be adversely impacted. Should global economic
conditions fail to improve or should they worsen or should political unrest and uncertainty, labor and supply shortages, natural disasters,
increasing inflation and rising interest rates, or geopolitical problems or trade frictions fail to improve or should they worsen, other
business risks we face could intensify and could also negatively impact our business prospects of operators and other customers. 

All of the above may have a material and potentially
lasting adverse impact on our product development, supply chains, sales and operating results. Such adverse impacts may include for example: 

Reduced demand for products and services, resulting in increased price competition or deferrals of purchases, with lower revenues not fully compensated through reduced costs; 

Reduced or loss of sales in foreign markets; 

Excess and obsolete inventories and excess manufacturing capacity; 

Increased trade restrictions, including economic sanctions and export controls, tariffs and increased costs that may not be recoverable; 

Financial difficulties or failures among our suppliers; 

Increased demand for customer finance, difficulties in collection of accounts receivable and increased risk of counter party failures; 

Impairment losses related to our intangible assets as a result of lower forecasted sales of certain products; 

Increased difficulties in forecasting sales and financial results as well as increased volatility in our reported results; 

20 

Impairment losses related to our intangible assets as a result of lower forecasted sales of certain products; 

Increased difficulties in forecasting sales and financial results as well as increased volatility in our reported results; and 

End user demand could also be adversely affected by reduced consumer spending on technology, changed operator pricing, security breaches and trust issues. 

Ongoing local and regional conflicts and
wars may adversely impact the demand, cost and pricing for our products and services, as well as limit our ability to grow. 

In February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine, an
escalation of the ongoing Russo-Ukrainian War conflict. In October 2023, Hamas militants infiltrated Israel s southern
border from the Gaza Strip and conducted a series of terror attacks on civilian and military targets. The intensity and duration of these
regional wars is difficult to predict, and so are such wars economic implications on the Company s business and operations. To the
extent that any of these negative developments do occur, they may have an adverse effect on the Company s business, results of operations
and its ability to raise additional funds. As of December 31, 2022, the Company considered the impact of these regional wars on its business
and operational assumptions and estimates and determined there were no material adverse impacts on the Company s consolidated results
of operations and financial position as of December 31, 2023. 

On October 7, 2023, Hamas militants infiltrated
Israel s southern border from the Gaza Strip and conducted a series of terror attacks on civilian and military targets. The intensity
and duration of Israel s current war against Hamas is difficult to predict, and as are such war s economic implications on
the Company s business and operations. To the extent that any of these negative developments do occur, they may have an adverse
effect on the Company s business, results of operations and its ability to raise additional funds. 

We intend to pursue strategic transactions
in the future, which could be difficult to implement, disrupt our business or change our business profile significantly. 

We intend to continue to pursue potential strategic
transactions, which could involve acquisitions of businesses or assets, joint ventures or investments in businesses, products or technologies
that expand, complement, or otherwise relate to our current or future business. We also intend to consider, from time to time, opportunities
to engage in joint ventures or other business collaborations with third parties to address particular market segments. However, we may
be unable to find suitable acquisition candidates or other suitable partners or products or may be unable to complete acquisitions or
strategic transactions on favorable terms, if at all. For example, while the historical financial and operating performance or an acquisition
or joint venture partner are among the criteria, we evaluate in determining which acquisition or joint venture targets to pursue, there
can be no assurance that any business or assets we acquire or contract with will continue to perform in accordance with past practices
or will achieve financial or operating results that are consistent with or exceed past results. Any such failure could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

In addition, any completed acquisition or other
transaction may not result in the intended benefits for other reasons and any completed acquisition or other transaction will create or
involve a number of other risks such as, among others: 

the need to integrate and manage the businesses and products acquired with our own business and products; 

additional demands on our resources, systems, procedures, and controls; 

disruption of our ongoing business; 

diversion of management s attention from other business concerns; 

substantial investment of funds or financings by issuance of debt or equity securities that could result in dilution to our stockholders, impact our ability to service our debt within scheduled repayment terms or include covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations; 

substantial investment with respect to technology transfers and operational integration; and 

the acquisition or disposition of product lines or businesses. 

Also, such activities could result in one-time
charges and expenses and have the potential to either dilute the interests of existing stockholders or result in the issuance of or assumption
of debt. 

Such acquisitions, investments, joint ventures,
or other business collaborations may involve significant commitments of financial and other resources of our Company. Any such activity
may not be successful in generating revenue, income or other returns to us, and the resources committed to such activities will not be
available to us for other purposes. Moreover, if we are unable to access capital markets on acceptable terms or at all, we may not be
able to consummate acquisitions or may have to do so based on a less than optimal capital structure. Our inability to (i) take advantage
of growth opportunities for our business or for our products or (ii) address risks associated with acquisitions or investments in
businesses may negatively affect our operating results. Additionally, any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets acquired in
an acquisition or in an investment or charges to earnings associated with any acquisition or investment activity may materially reduce
our earnings. These future acquisitions or joint ventures may not result in their anticipated benefits, and we may not be able to properly
integrate acquired products, technologies or businesses with our existing products and operations or combine personnel and cultures. Failure
to do so could deprive us of the intended benefits of those acquisitions. 

21 

We may be unable to successfully integrate
our acquisitions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our success will depend, in part, on the extent
to which we are able to merge these functions, eliminate the unnecessary duplication of other functions and otherwise integrate these
companies (and any additional businesses with which we may combine in the future) into a cohesive, efficient enterprise. This integration
process may entail significant costs and delays could occur. Our failure to integrate the operations of these companies successfully could
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. To the extent that any acquisition results in
additional goodwill, it will reduce our tangible net worth, which might adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects, as well as our credit and bonding capacity. 

If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights, we could
lose our ability to compete in the marketplace. 

Our intellectual property and proprietary rights
are important to our ability to remain competitive and for the success of our products and our business. Patent protection can be limited
and not all intellectual property is or can be patented. We rely on a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret laws
as well as confidentiality agreements and procedures, non-competition agreements and other contractual provisions to protect our intellectual
property, other proprietary rights, and our brand. We have little protection when we must rely on trade secrets and nondisclosure agreements.
Our intellectual property rights may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented by third parties. We may not be able to prevent the unauthorized
disclosure or use of our technical knowledge or other trade secrets by employees or competitors. Furthermore, our competitors may independently
develop technologies and products that are substantially equivalent or superior to our technologies and/or products, which could result
in decreased revenues for us. Moreover, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent
as the laws of the U.S. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, which could result in substantial costs
to us and substantial diversion of management s attention. If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property, our competitors
could use it to enhance their products. Our inability to adequately protect our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our
business and financial condition and the value of our brand and other intangible assets. 

If we fail to protect our intellectual property
rights, our ability to pursue the development of our technologies and products would be negatively affected. 

Our success will depend in part on our ability
to obtain patents and maintain adequate protection of our intellectual property and technologies. Some foreign countries lack rules and
methods for defending intellectual property rights and do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the United States.
We have numerous issued patents outside the United States, and many companies have had difficulty protecting their proprietary rights
in foreign countries. We may not be able to prevent misappropriation of our proprietary rights. 

The patent process is subject to numerous risks
and uncertainties and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in protecting our technologies by obtaining and enforcing patents.
These risks and uncertainties include the following: 

patents that may be issued or licensed may be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented, or otherwise may not provide any competitive advantage; 

our competitors, many of which have substantially greater resources than us and many of which have made significant investments in competing technologies, may seek, or may already have obtained, patents that will limit, interfere with, or eliminate our ability to make, use, and license our technologies either in the United States or in international markets; 

there may be significant pressure on the United States government and other international governmental bodies to limit the scope of patent protection both inside and outside the United States for technologies that prove successful as a matter of public policy regarding security concerns; 

countries other than the United States may have less restrictive patent laws than those upheld by United States courts, allowing foreign competitors the ability to exploit these laws to create, develop, and market competing products. 

Moreover, any patents issued to us may not provide
us with meaningful protection, or others may challenge, circumvent, or narrow our patents. Third parties may also independently develop
technologies similar to ours or design around any patents on our technologies. 

In addition, the United States Patent and
Trademark Office and patent offices in other jurisdictions have often required that patent applications concerning software inventions
be limited or narrowed substantially to cover only the specific innovations exemplified in the patent application, thereby limiting the
scope of protection against competitive challenges. Thus, even if we or our licensors are able to obtain patents, the patents may be substantially
narrower than anticipated. 

Our success depends on our patents, patent applications,
patents that may be licensed exclusively to us, and other patents to which we may obtain assignment or licenses. We may not be aware,
however, of all patents, published applications, or published literature that may affect our business by blocking our ability to commercialize
our products, preventing the patentability of products or services by us or our licensors, or covering the same or similar technologies
that may invalidate our patents, limit the scope of our future patent claims, or adversely affect our ability to market our products and
services. 

In addition to patents, we rely on a combination
of trade secrets, confidentiality, nondisclosure and other contractual provisions, and security measures to protect our confidential and
proprietary information. These measures may not adequately protect our trade secrets or other proprietary information. If they do not
adequately protect our rights, third parties could use our technology, and we could lose any competitive advantage we may have. In addition,
others may independently develop similar proprietary information or techniques or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets, which could
impair any competitive advantage we may have. 

Patent protection and other intellectual property
protection are crucial to the success of our business and prospects, and there is a substantial risk that such protections will prove
inadequate. 

22 

Other companies may claim that we infringe
their intellectual property, which could materially increase our costs and harm our ability to generate future revenue and profit. 

We do not believe our product technologies infringe
the proprietary rights of any third-party but claims of infringement are becoming increasingly common and third parties may assert infringement
claims against us. It may be difficult or impossible to identify, prior to receipt of notice from a third-party, the trade secrets, patent
position or other intellectual property rights of a third-party, either in the United States or in foreign jurisdictions. Any such
assertion may result in litigation or may require us to obtain a license for or otherwise restrict our use of the intellectual property
rights of third parties. If we are required to obtain licenses to use any third-party technology, we would have to pay royalties, which
may significantly reduce any profit on our products. In addition, any such litigation could be expensive and disruptive to our ability
to generate revenue or enter new market opportunities. If any of our products are found to infringe other parties proprietary rights
and we are unable to come to terms regarding a license with such parties, we may be forced to modify our products to make them non-infringing
or to cease production of such products altogether. 

Security breaches, including cybersecurity
incidents and other disruptions could compromise our information, expose us to liability and harm our reputation and business. 

In the ordinary course of our business, we collect
and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, personal information, our proprietary business information and that of our
customers, suppliers and business partners, and personally identifiable information of our customers and employees in our data centers
and on our networks. The secure maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy.
We rely on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission, and storage
of confidential information. Computer hackers may attempt to penetrate our computer systems and, if successful, misappropriate personal
or confidential business information. In addition, an associate, contractor, or other third-party with whom we do business may attempt
to circumvent our security measures to obtain such information and may purposefully or inadvertently cause a breach involving such information.
Despite the security measures we have in place and any additional measures we may implement in the future to safeguard our systems and
to mitigate potential security risks, our facilities, and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, could be vulnerable
to security breaches. Any such compromise of our data security and access, public disclosure, or loss of personal or confidential business
information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory
penalties, disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation, loss of our customers willingness to transact business with
us, and subject us to additional costs and liabilities which could materially adversely affect our business. 

We do not carry insurance against all potential risks and losses,
and our insurance might be inadequate to cover all of our losses or liabilities or may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. 

We have limited, and potentially insufficient,
insurance coverage for expenses and losses that may arise in connection with the quality of our products, property damage, work-related
accidents and occupational illnesses, natural disasters, and environmental contamination. In addition, we have no insurance coverage for
loss of profits or other losses caused by the death or incapacitation of our senior management. As a result, losses or liabilities arising
from these or other such events could increase our costs and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. 

We intend to reevaluate the purchase of insurance,
policy limits and terms annually or when circumstances warrant from time to time. Future insurance coverage for our industry could increase
in cost and may include higher deductibles or retentions than we could obtain now. In addition, some forms of insurance may become unavailable
in the future or unavailable on terms that we believe are economically acceptable. No assurance can be given that we will be able to maintain
insurance in the future at rates that we consider reasonable, and we may elect to continue to maintain minimal or no insurance coverage.
We may not be able to secure additional insurance or bonding that might be required by new governmental regulations. This may cause us
to restrict our operations in certain jurisdictions, which might severely impact our financial position. The occurrence of a significant
event, not fully insured against, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

The nature of our business involves significant
risks and uncertainties that may not be covered by insurance or indemnity. 

We develop and sell products where insurance or
indemnification may not be available, including: 

designing and developing products using advanced and unproven technologies, microwave radio technology, and tethered aerostats and drones in intelligence and homeland security applications that are intended to operate in high demand, high risk situations; and 

designing and developing products to collect, distribute and analyze various types of information. 

Failure of certain of our products could result
in loss of life or property damage. Certain products may raise questions with respect to issues of civil liberties, intellectual property,
trespass, conversion, and similar concepts, which may raise new legal issues. Indemnification to cover potential claims or liabilities
resulting from a failure of technologies developed or deployed may be available in certain circumstances, but not in others. We are not
able to maintain insurance to protect against all operational risks and uncertainties. Substantial claims resulting from an accident,
failure of our product, or liability arising from our products in excess of any indemnity or insurance coverage (or for which indemnity
or insurance is not available or was not obtained) could harm our financial condition, cash flows, and operating results. Any accident,
even if fully covered or insured, could negatively affect our reputation among our customers and the public, and make it more difficult
for us to compete effectively. 

There may be health and safety risks relating
to wireless products. 

Our wireless communications products emit electromagnetic
radiation. In recent years, there has been publicity regarding, and increased public attention with respect to, the potentially negative
direct and indirect health and safety effects of electromagnetic emissions from cellular telephones and other wireless equipment sources,
including allegations that these emissions may cause cancer. Health and safety issues related to our products may arise that could lead
to litigation or other actions against us or to additional regulation of our products. We may be required to modify our technology and
may not be able to do so. We may also be required to pay damages that may reduce our profitability and adversely affect our financial
condition. Even if these concerns prove to be baseless, the resulting negative publicity could affect our ability to market our products
and, in turn, could harm our business and results of operations. 

23 

If a successful product liability claim
were made against us, our business could be seriously harmed. 

Our agreements with our customers typically, although
not always, contain provisions designed to limit our exposure to potential product liability claims. Despite this, it is possible that
these limitations of liability provisions may not be effective as a result of existing or future laws or unfavorable judicial decisions.
We have not experienced a material product liability claim to date; however, the sale and support of our products may entail the risk
of those claims, which are likely to be substantial in light of the use of our products in critical applications. A successful product
liability claim could result in significant monetary liability to us and could seriously harm our business. 

Misuse of our drone products or unmanned products manufactured
by other companies could result in injury, damage and/or negative press that could depress the market for unmanned systems. 

If any of our drone products are misused by our
customers or their designees, or by the operators of other unmanned systems, in violation of the new commercial drone regulations (Part
107) adopted by the FAA or other federal, state or local regulations, such misuse could result in injuries to the operators or bystanders,
damage to property and/or negative press that could result in a reduction in the market for aerostats or tethered drones in the future.
The FAA, the press and the public have been closely monitoring the growth of unmanned systems in the United States. For instance,
the FAA regularly publishes reports of drone sightings and reported drone strikes of manned aircraft. One or more incidents involving
unmanned systems that results in injury or death of individuals, or damaged property could result in negative press that could put at
risk current and future growth. 

Our tethered aerostat and drone business
and operations are subject to the risks of hurricanes, tropical storms, and other natural disasters. 

The corporate headquarters and manufacturing operations
of our tethered aerostat and drone business operations are located in Jacksonville, Florida, where major hurricanes, tropical storms,
and other severe weather conditions have occurred. A significant natural disaster, such as a hurricane, tropical storm, or other severe
weather storm could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations for that product line, and as a result, our future
operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 

If we are unable to recruit and retain key management, technical
and sales personnel, our business would be negatively affected. 

For our business to be successful, we need to
attract and retain highly-qualified technical, management and sales personnel. The failure to recruit additional key personnel when needed
with specific qualifications and on acceptable terms or to retain good relationships with our partners might impede our ability to continue
to develop, commercialize and sell our products. To the extent the demand for skilled personnel exceeds supply, we could experience higher
labor, recruiting and training costs to attract and retain such employees. We have a limited number of key management, technical and sales
personnel, and we rely heavily on them. The loss of any members of our management, technical or sales teams may also delay or impair achievement
of our business objectives and result in business disruptions due to the time needed for their replacements to be recruited and become
familiar with our business. We face competition for qualified personnel from other companies with significantly more resources available
to them and thus may not be able to attract the level of personnel needed for our business to succeed. 

If we are unable to recruit and retain employees,
our business would be negatively affected. 

For our business to be successful, we need to
attract and retain a sufficient number of employees. We have lost a significant number of employees in 2022. The failure to recruit and
retain sufficient employees when needed with specific qualifications and on acceptable terms or to retain good relationships with our
employees might impede our ability to continue to develop, commercialize and sell our products. To the extent the demand for employees
exceeds supply, we could experience higher labor, recruiting and training costs to attract and retain such employees. The loss of employees
may also delay or impair achievement of our business objectives and result in business disruptions due to the time needed for their replacements
to be recruited and become familiar with our business. We face competition for employees from other companies with significantly more
resources available to them and thus may not be able to attract the level of employees for our business to succeed. 

If we are required to reclassify independent
contractors as employees, we may incur additional costs and taxes which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects. 

We engage a number of independent contractors
in our operations, particularly in our research and development efforts, for whom we do not pay or withhold any federal, state or provincial
employment tax. There are several different tests used in determining whether an individual is an employee, or an independent contractor
and such tests generally take into account multiple factors. There can be no assurance that legislative, judicial, or regulatory (including
tax) authorities will not introduce proposals or assert interpretations of existing rules and regulations that would change, or at
least challenge, the classification of our independent contractors. Although we believe we have properly classified our independent contractors,
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service or other U.S. federal or state authorities or similar authorities of a foreign government may determine
that we have misclassified our independent contractors for employment tax or other purposes and, as a result, seek additional taxes from
us or attempt to impose fines and penalties. If we are required to pay employer taxes or pay federal withholding with respect to prior
periods with respect to or on behalf of our independent contractors, our operating costs will increase, which could adversely impact our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

24 

We have identified material weaknesses in
our internal control over financial reporting, and we cannot assure you that additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies
will not occur in the future. If our internal control over financial reporting or our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective,
we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, which may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported
financial information and may lead to a decline in our stock price. 

We have historically had a small internal accounting
and finance staff with limited financial accounting systems. This lack of adequate accounting resources has resulted in the identification
of material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In connection with the audit of our financial statements
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, our management team identified material weaknesses, which continued to exist as of December
31, 2022, relating to, among other matters: 

we did not effectively segregate certain accounting duties due to the small size of our accounting staff; 

a lack of timely reconciliations of the account balances; and 

there is a lack of documented and tested internal controls to meet the requirements of Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Upon an improvement of our liquidity challenges, we intend to take
additional steps, to seek to remediate these material weaknesses and to improve our financial reporting systems and to implement new policies,
procedures, and controls. If we do not successfully remediate the material weaknesses described above, or if other material weaknesses
or other deficiencies arise in the future, we may be unable to accurately report our financial results on a timely basis, which could
cause our reported financial results to be materially misstated and require restatement which could result in the loss of investor confidence,
delisting and/or cause the market price of our common stock to decline. 

Risks Relating to our Series A Preferred Stock 

Our Series A Preferred Stock price may be
volatile, which could result in substantial losses to holders and litigation. 

In addition to changes to market prices based
on our results of operations and the factors discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, the market price of and trading
volume for our Series A Preferred Stock may change for a variety of other reasons, not necessarily related to our actual operating performance.
The capital markets have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies.
These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our Series A Preferred Stock. In addition, the average daily
trading volume of the securities of small companies can be very low, which may contribute to future volatility. Factors that could cause
the market price of our Series A Preferred Stock to fluctuate significantly include: 

the results of operating and financial performance and prospects of other companies in our industry; 

actual or anticipated variations in operating results of us and our competitors; 

strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 

announcements of innovations, increased service capabilities, new or terminated customers or new, amended or terminated contracts by our competitors; 

the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the SEC; 

lack of securities analyst coverage or speculation in the press or investment community about us or market opportunities in the telecommunications services and staffing industry; 

changes in government policies in the United States and, as our international business increases, in other foreign countries; 

changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities or research analysts who track our common stock or failure of our actual results of operations to meet those expectations; 

market and industry perception of our success, or lack thereof, in pursuing our growth strategy; 

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations, or principles; 

any lawsuit involving us, our services or our products; 

arrival and departure of key personnel; 

sales of common stock by us, our investors or members of our management team; 

changes in general market, economic and political conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets, including those resulting from natural or man-made disasters; 

prevailing interest rates, increases in which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Series A Preferred Stock; 

trading prices of similar securities; 

25 

our history of dividend payments and the suspension of dividend payments; 

the annual yield from dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock as compared to yields on other financial instruments; 

general economic and financial market conditions; 

government action or regulation; 

changes in financial estimates or recommendations by securities analysts with respect to us or our competitors in our industry; and 

our issuance of additional preferred equity or debt securities. 

Any of these factors, as well as broader market and industry factors,
may result in large and sudden changes in the trading volume of our Series A Preferred Stock and could seriously harm the market price
of our Series A Preferred Stock, regardless of our operating performance. In addition, following periods of volatility in the market price
of a company s securities, stockholders often institute securities class action litigation against that company. Our involvement
in any class action suit or other legal proceeding could divert our senior management s attention and could adversely affect our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our Series A Preferred Stock was issued
on October 27, 2021, has no stated maturity date, and does not have an established trading market, which may negatively affect its market
value and your ability to transfer or sell your shares. 

Our Series A Preferred Stock has been listed
and trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market only since October 27, 2021, and has a limited history. 

There is no guarantee that our Series A Preferred
Stock will remain listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market or any other nationally recognized exchange. If our Series A Preferred Stock
is delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market or another nationally recognized exchange, we could face significant material adverse consequences,
including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our Series A Preferred Stock; 

reduced liquidity with respect to our Series A Preferred Stock; 

a determination that our Series A Preferred Stock is penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our Series A Preferred Stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our Series A Preferred Stock; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

Our Series A Preferred Stock has not
been rated. 

Our Series A Preferred Stock has not been
rated by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization, which may negatively affect the market value of our Series A
Preferred Stock and your ability to sell shares of Series A Preferred Stock. No assurance can be given, however, that one or more
rating agencies might not independently determine to issue such a rating or that such a rating, if issued, would not adversely affect
the market price of our Series A Preferred Stock. In addition, we may elect in the future to obtain a rating of our Series A
Preferred Stock, which could adversely impact the market price of our Series A Preferred Stock. Ratings only reflect the views of
the rating agency or agencies issuing the ratings and such ratings could be revised downward or withdrawn entirely at the discretion of
the issuing rating agency if in its judgment circumstances so warrant. Any such downward revision or withdrawal of a rating could have
an adverse effect on the market price of our Series A Preferred Stock. 

Market interest rates and other factors
may affect the value of our Series A Preferred Stock. 

One of the factors that will influence the prices
of our Series A Preferred Stock will be the dividend yield on our Series A Preferred Stock relative to market interest rates.
An increase in market interest rates could cause the market prices of our Series A Preferred Stock to go down. The trading prices of the
shares of our Series A Preferred Stock will also depend on many other factors, which may change from time to time, including: 

the market for similar securities; 

government action or regulation; 

general economic conditions or conditions in the financial markets; and 

our financial condition, performance and prospects. 

26 

Shares of our Series A Preferred Stock
are subordinate to our existing and future debt, and your interests could be diluted by the issuance of additional preferred stock, including
additional shares of our Series A Preferred Stock, and by other transactions. 

Our Series A Preferred Stock ranks junior
to all of our existing and future indebtedness, any classes or series of our capital stock expressly designated as ranking senior to our
Series A Preferred Stock as to distribution rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, and other non-equity claims
on us and our assets available to satisfy claims against us, including claims in bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceedings. Our articles
of incorporation currently authorize the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.0001 par value per share, in one
or more classes or series. In addition, a majority of our entire board of directors may, with stockholder approval, amend our articles
of incorporation to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares of our capital stock or the number of shares of our capital stock
of any class or series that we have authority to issue and classify or reclassify any unissued shares of our common stock or preferred
stock and set the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions,
qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption of the classified or reclassified shares. Our board of directors may, without notice
to or the consent of holders of our Series A Preferred Stock, authorize the issuance and sale of additional shares of Series A
Preferred Stock and authorize and issue additional shares of stock ranking junior to or on parity with our Series A Preferred Stock
from time to time. The issuance of additional shares of Series A Preferred Stock or additional shares of stock ranking on parity
with our Series A Preferred Stock would dilute the interests of the holders of our Series A Preferred Stock, and the issuance
of shares of any class or series of our capital stock expressly designated as ranking senior to our Series A Preferred Stock (with
the requisite vote of holders of our Series A Preferred Stock and other classes of stock ranking on parity with our Series A
Preferred Stock as described in this prospectus supplement) or the incurrence of additional indebtedness could affect our ability to pay
dividends on, redeem or pay the liquidation preference on our Series A Preferred Stock. None of the provisions relating to our Series A
Preferred Stock contain any terms relating to or limiting our indebtedness or affording the holders of our Series A Preferred Stock
protection in the event of a highly-leveraged or other transaction, including a merger or the sale, lease or conveyance of all or substantially
all our assets, that might adversely affect the holders of Series A Preferred Stock, so long as the rights of the holders of our
Series A Preferred Stock are not materially and adversely affected. 

Holders of our Series A Preferred Stock
have extremely limited voting rights. 

Voting rights as a holder of our Series A
Preferred Stock will be extremely limited. Shares of our common stock are currently the only class of our securities carrying full voting
rights. Voting rights for holders of our Series A Preferred Stock exist primarily with respect to voting on amendments to our articles
of incorporation (in some cases, voting together with the holders of other parity Preferred Stock), that materially and adversely affect
the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of our Series A Preferred Stock or create additional classes or series of preferred
stock that are senior to our Series A Preferred Stock and the ability to elect (voting separately as a class together with the holders
of all other parity Preferred Stock) two additional directors to our board of directors in the event that 18 monthly dividends (whether
or not consecutive) payable on our Series A Preferred Stock are in arrears, which occurred on November 20, 2023. 

Dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock declared
by us will be authorized by our board of directors in its sole discretion out of assets legally available for distribution and will depend
upon a number of factors, including our earnings, our financial condition, restrictions under applicable law, our need to comply with
the terms of our existing financing arrangements, the capital requirements of our Company and other factors as our board of directors
may deem relevant from time to time. We may have to fund any declared dividends from working capital, borrow to provide funds for such
dividends, or sell assets to the extent dividends exceed earnings or cash flows from operations. Funding dividends from working capital
would restrict our operations. If we are required to sell assets to fund dividends, such asset sales may occur at a time or in a manner
that is not consistent with our disposition strategy. If we borrow to fund dividends, our leverage ratios and future interest costs would
increase, thereby reducing our earnings and cash available for distribution from what they otherwise would have been. We suspended dividends
in May 2022, and may not be able to pay dividends in the future. 

We have suspended cash dividends on our
Series A Preferred Stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock in the foreseeable
future. 

On May 25, 2022, we announced the suspension of
cash dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to preserve cash in order to fund
the development and growth of our business. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be dependent upon our financial condition,
operating results, capital requirements, applicable contractual restrictions, and other such factors as our board of directors may deem
relevant. Not paying monthly dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock could cause significant material adverse consequences including
negatively affecting its market value and your ability to transfer or sell your shares. 

Additionally, if dividends on the Series A Preferred
Stock are in arrears for 18 or more monthly periods, whether or not consecutive, which occurred on November 20, 2023, holders of shares
of the Series A Preferred Stock would be entitled to vote for the election of a total of two additional directors to serve on our board
of directors, until all unpaid dividends for past dividend periods with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock and any Parity Preferred
Stock have been paid. 

If our common stock or our Series A Preferred
Stock is delisted, your ability to transfer or sell your shares of our Series A Preferred Stock may be limited and the market value
of our Series A Preferred Stock will be materially adversely affected. 

Other than in connection with certain change of
control transactions, our Series A Preferred Stock does not contain provisions that protect you if our common stock is delisted from
Nasdaq. Since our Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity date, you may be forced to hold your shares of our Series A
Preferred Stock and receive stated dividends on the stock when, as and if authorized by our board of directors and declared by us with
no assurance as to ever receiving the liquidation preference. In addition, if our common stock is delisted from Nasdaq, it is likely that
our Series A Preferred Stock will be delisted as well. Accordingly, if our common stock is delisted from Nasdaq, your ability to
transfer or sell your shares of our Series A Preferred Stock may be limited and the market value of our Series A Preferred Stock
will be materially adversely affected. 

Throughout most of 2022, our common stock was
not in compliance with the 1.00 minimum closing bid price requirement. We were given grace periods and regained compliance on or about
February 27, 2023, by having the closing bid price of our common stock exceed 1.00 for a minimum of ten (10) consecutive trading days
during the grace period by implementing a 1-for-100 reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock on February 10, 2023. 

27 

On February 27, 2023, the Company regained compliance
with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2), the 1.00 minimum closing bid price requirement minimum bid price price of the Company s
common stock following the successful filing of its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022,
and September 30, 2022 pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), which requires listed companies to timely file all required periodic
financial reports filing requirements with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

On March 31, 2023, the Company filed a notice
of late filing on Form 12b-25 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC to report that its Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K would not be timely filed. On April 18, 2023, the Company
received a notice from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq stating that because the Company has not yet filed the Form
10-K, the Company is no longer in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), which requires listed companies to timely file all required
periodic financial reports with the SEC. On May 17, 2023, the Company received a notice from Nasdaq stating that because the Company has
not yet filed the Form 10-K or its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 (the Form 10-Q ), the
Company is not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules. On August 16, 2023, the Company received a notice from Nasdaq stating that because
the Company has not yet filed its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023, the Company is not in compliance
with Nasdaq Listing Rules. On October 16, 2023, the Company received notice from the Listing Qualifications Staff (the Staff indicating that the Staff had determined to delist the Company s securities unless the Company timely requests a hearing before
the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ). The Staff s determination was based upon the Company s continued non-compliance
with the filing requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) because the Company has not filed its Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022, and the Forms 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2023 and June 30, 2023. On November 16, 2023, the Company received
a notice from Nasdaq stating that because the Company has not yet filed its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
30, 2023, the Company is not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

The Company requested and obtained a hearing before the Panel as well
as a further stay of any additional action by Nasdaq pending the issuance of a decision by the Panel. There can be no assurance that a
favorable decision will be obtained. 

If the Company fails to timely regain compliance
with the Nasdaq Listing Rule within any grace period granted by the Nasdaq Hearings Panel, the Company s common stock, warrants
and 9.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock will be subject to delisting from Nasdaq. There is no assurance that
the Company will regain compliance during any grace periods or be able to maintain compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements
in the future. If we are not able to regain compliance during a grace period, Nasdaq will notify us that our common stock, warrants, and
9.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock will be delisted from The Nasdaq Capital Market. 

On June 21, 2023, the Company received a letter
from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying the Company that, for the last
30 consecutive business days, the Company s minimum Market Value of Publicly Held Shares, as defined by Nasdaq MVPHS ),
of the Company s 9.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock Preferred Stock has been below the
minimum 1 million requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5555(a)(4) (the Minimum Market Value of
Publicly Held Shares Requirement ). If the Company fails to timely regain compliance with Minimum Market Value of Publicly Held
Shares Requirement our 9.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock will be subject to delisting from Nasdaq. Under
Nasdaq rules, the Company will have the opportunity to appeal the delisting decision to a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. There can be no assurance
that, if the Company decides to appeal the delisting determination, such appeal would be successful. 

There is no assurance, however, that we will be
able to maintain compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements in the future. If we are not able to maintain compliance, our common
stock and our Series A Preferred Stock will be suspended and subject to delisting. If our common stock and our Series A Preferred Stock
were delisted from Nasdaq, among other things, it would likely lead to a number of negative implications, including an adverse effect
on the price of our common stock and our Series A Preferred Stock, reduced liquidity in our common stock and Preferred Stock, the loss
of federal preemption of state securities laws with respect to shares issued in future offerings, greater difficulty in obtaining financing,
potential loss of confidence by employees, loss of institutional investor interest and fewer business development opportunities. 

Our ability to pay dividends is limited
by the requirements of Nevada law. 

Our ability to pay dividends on our Series A Preferred
Stock is limited by the laws of Nevada. Under Nevada law, a Nevada corporation generally may not make a distribution if, after giving
effect to the distribution, the corporation would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business, or
the corporation s total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus, unless the corporation s charter
provides otherwise, the amount that would be needed, if the corporation were dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the
preferential rights upon dissolution of stockholders whose preferential rights are superior to those receiving the distribution. Accordingly,
we generally may not make a distribution on our Series A Preferred Stock if, after giving effect to the distribution, we would not be
able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business or our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities
plus, unless the terms of such class or series of stock provide otherwise, the amount that would be needed to satisfy the preferential
rights upon dissolution of the holders of shares of any class or series of stock then outstanding, if any, with preferential rights upon
dissolution senior to those of our Series A Preferred Stock. 

Our Series A Preferred Stock Fails to Meet
Nasdaq s Listing Requirement for Minimum Market Value of Publicly Held Shares, which may negatively affect its market value and
your ability to transfer or sell your shares. 

On June 21, 2023, the Company received a letter
from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying the Company that, for the last
30 consecutive business days, the Company s minimum Market Value of Publicly Held Shares, as defined by Nasdaq MVPHS ),
of the Company s 9.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock Preferred Stock has been below the
minimum 1 million requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5555(a)(4) (the Minimum Market Value of
Publicly Held Shares Requirement ). 

In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(D),
the Company has been provided a compliance period of 180 calendar days from receipt of the letter, or until December 18, 2023, to regain
compliance with the Minimum Market Value of Publicly Held Shares Requirement. To regain compliance with the Minimum Market Value of Publicly
Held Shares Requirement, the Company s Preferred Stock MVPHS must be 1 million or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business
days during the compliance period ending on December 18, 2023. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to regain compliance
with either listing requirement. 

28 

If the Company does not regain compliance within
the applicable compliance period, Nasdaq will provide written notification to the Company that the Preferred Stock will be subject to
delisting. At that time, the Company may appeal the delisting determination to a Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Panel. There can be no
assurance that, if the Company decides to appeal the delisting determination, such appeal would be successful. If our Preferred Stock
is delisted from Nasdaq, among other things, it would likely lead to a number of negative implications, including no market for the Preferred
Stock and no ability for you to sell the Preferred Stock, reduced or no liquidity for the Preferred Stock, greater difficulty in obtaining
financing, loss of institutional investor interest and fewer business development opportunities. 

We may redeem our Series A Preferred Stock and you may not
receive dividends that you anticipate if we do redeem our Series A Preferred Stock. 

On or after April 29, 2024, we may, at our option,
redeem our Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time. Also, upon the occurrence of a certain defined
change of control transactions, we may, at our option, redeem our Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, within 120 days
after the first date on which such change of control occurred. We may have an incentive to redeem our Series A Preferred Stock voluntarily
if market conditions allow us to issue other preferred stock or debt securities at a rate that is lower than the dividend rate on our
Series A Preferred Stock. If we redeem our Series A Preferred Stock, then from and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to
accrue on shares of Series A Preferred Stock, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall no longer be deemed outstanding and
all rights as a holder of those shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price plus accumulated and unpaid dividends,
if any, payable upon redemption. 

Holders of shares of our Series A Preferred
Stock should not expect us to redeem our Series A Preferred Stock on or after the date they become redeemable at our option. 

Our Series A Preferred Stock will be a perpetual
equity security. This means that it will have no maturity or mandatory redemption date and will not be redeemable at the option of the
holders. Our Series A Preferred Stock may be redeemed by us at our option either in whole or in part, from time to time, at any time
on or after April 29, 2024, or upon the occurrence of a defined change of control. Any decision we may make at any time to propose a redemption
of our Series A Preferred Stock will depend upon, among other things, our evaluation of our capital position, the composition of our stockholders 
equity and general market conditions at that time. 

Our Series A Preferred Stock is not
convertible into shares of our common stock, and investors will not realize a corresponding upside if the price of our common stock increases. 

Our Series A Preferred Stock is not convertible
into shares of our common stock and earns dividends at a fixed rate. Accordingly, an increase in market price of our common stock will
not necessarily result in an increase in the market price of our Series A Preferred Stock. The market value of our Series A Preferred
Stock may depend more on dividend and interest rates for other preferred stock, commercial paper and other investment alternatives and
our actual and perceived ability to pay dividends on, and in the event of dissolution satisfy the liquidation preference with respect
to, our Series A Preferred Stock. 

Risks Relating to our Common Stock 

Our common stock price may be volatile,
which could result in substantial losses to investors and litigation. 

In addition to changes to market prices based
on our results of operations and the factors discussed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, the market price of and trading
volume for our common stock may change for a variety of other reasons, not necessarily related to our actual operating performance. The
capital markets have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies.
These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. In addition, the average daily trading volume
of the securities of small companies can be very low, which may contribute to future volatility. Factors that could cause the market price
of our common stock to fluctuate significantly include: 

the results of operating and financial performance and prospects of other companies in our industry; 

strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 

announcements of innovations, increased service capabilities, new or terminated customers or new, amended or terminated contracts by our competitors; 

the public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements, and filings with the SEC; 

lack of securities analyst coverage or speculation in the press or investment community about us or market opportunities in the telecommunications services and staffing industry; 

changes in government policies in the United States and, as our international business increases, in other foreign countries; 

changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities or research analysts who track our common stock or failure of our actual results of operations to meet those expectations; 

market and industry perception of our success, or lack thereof, in pursuing our growth strategy; 

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations, or principles; 

any lawsuit and judgments involving us, our services or our products; 

arrival and departure of key personnel; 

29 

sales of common stock by us, our investors, or members of our management team; and 

changes in general market, economic and political conditions in the United States and global economies or financial markets, including those resulting from natural or man-made disasters. 

Any of these factors, as well as broader market
and industry factors, may result in large and sudden changes in the trading volume of our common stock and could seriously harm the market
price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. This may prevent you from being able to sell your shares at or above
the price you paid for your shares of our common stock, if at all. In addition, following periods of volatility in the market price of
a company s securities, stockholders often institute securities class action litigation against that company. Our involvement
in any class action suit or other legal proceeding could divert our senior management s attention and could adversely affect
our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We have never declared or paid cash dividends
on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

We currently intend to retain future earnings,
if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be dependent upon our
financial condition, operating results, capital requirements, applicable contractual restrictions, and other such factors as our board
of directors may deem relevant. 

The sale or availability for sale of substantial
amounts of our common stock could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Sales of substantial amounts of shares of our
common stock, or the perception that these sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and could impair
our future ability to raise capital through common stock offerings. Our executive officers and directors beneficially own, collectively,
a substantial percentage of our outstanding common stock. If one or more of them were to sell a substantial portion of the shares they
hold, it could cause our stock price to decline. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to comply
with Nasdaq s listing standards. 

Our common stock commenced trading on Nasdaq on
January 22, 2021. To be so listed, we were required to meet the current Nasdaq listing standards, including the minimum bid price requirement,
which we met by implementing a 1-for-3 reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock on January 21, 2021, and which we met by implementing
a 1-for-100 reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock on February 10, 2023. There can be no assurance that the market price
of our common stock will remain at the level required for continuing compliance with the minimum bid price requirement of Nasdaq. It is
not uncommon for the market price of a company s common stock to decline in the period following a reverse stock split. If the market
price of our common stock declines, given our recent reverse stock splits, the percentage decline may be greater than would occur in the
absence of such reverse stock splits. In addition, other factors unrelated to the number of shares of our common stock outstanding, such
as negative financial or operational results, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and jeopardize our ability to
meet or maintain Nasdaq s minimum bid price requirement. If we fail to comply with the minimum bid price requirement, there could
be further reverse stock splits, and our securities could be delisted. 

Our stock price may fail to meet in the
future the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market. In 2022 and 2023, we were late with our Annual Report and Quarterly
Reports with the SEC. Our ability to publicly or privately sell equity securities and the liquidity of our common stock could be adversely
affected if we are delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

Throughout most of 2022, our common stock was
not in compliance with the 1.00 minimum closing bid price requirement. We were given grace periods and regained compliance on or about
February 27, 2023, by having the closing bid price of our common stock exceed 1.00 for a minimum of ten (10) consecutive trading days
during the grace period by implementing a 1-for-100 reverse stock split of our outstanding common stock on February 10, 2023. If our common
stock falls below the minimum closing bid price requirement, there could be further reverse stock splits. 

In April 2022, we were not in compliance with
Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), which requires listed companies to timely file all required periodic financial reports with the SEC. We
regained compliance on or about February 24, 2023, by filing the last of our later periodic financial reports. 

However, in April 2023, we were not in compliance
with Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), which requires listed companies to timely file all required periodic financial reports with the SEC. We
must regain compliance on or about October 12, 2023, by filing the annual report on Form 10-K and later periodic financial reports. On
March 31, 2023, the Company filed a notice of late filing on Form 12b-25 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC to report that its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K would not be timely filed.
On April 18, 2023, the Company received a notice from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq stating that because the Company
has not yet filed the Form 10-K, the Company is no longer in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), which requires listed companies
to timely file all required periodic financial reports with the SEC. On May 17, 2023, the Company received a notice from Nasdaq stating
that because the Company has not yet filed the Form 10-K or its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2023 (the
 Form 10-Q ), the Company is not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules. On August 16, 2023, the Company received a notice
from Nasdaq stating that because the Company has not yet filed its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2023,
the Company is not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules. On October 16, 2023, the Company received notice from the Listing Qualifications
Staff (the Staff indicating that the Staff had determined to delist the Company s securities unless the Company timely
requests a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ). The Staff s determination was based upon the Company s
continued non-compliance with the filing requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) because the Company has not filed its
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the Forms 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2023 and June 30, 2023. On November
16, 2023, the Company received a notice from Nasdaq stating that because the Company has not yet filed its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, the Company is not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

30 

The Company requested and obtained a hearing before the Panel as well
as a further stay of any additional action by Nasdaq pending the issuance of a decision by the Panel. There can be no assurance that a
favorable decision will be obtained. See Note 22 Subsequent Events Nasdaq Compliance Developments in the
accompanying Notes of the financial statements for additional information. 

There is no assurance, however, that we will be
able to regain compliance or maintain compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements in the future. If we are not able to regain
compliance or maintain compliance, our common stock, warrants, and 9.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock will
be suspended and subject to delisting. 

If our common stock were delisted from Nasdaq,
among other things, it would likely lead to a number of negative implications, including an adverse effect on the price of our common
stock, reduced liquidity in our common stock, the loss of federal preemption of state securities laws with respect to shares issued in
future offerings, greater difficulty in obtaining financing, potential loss of confidence by employees, loss of institutional investor
interest and fewer business development opportunities. In the event of a delisting, we could attempt to take actions to restore our compliance
with Nasdaq s listing requirements, but we can provide no assurance that any such action taken by us would allow our common stock
to become listed again, stabilize the market price or improve the liquidity of our common stock, prevent our common stock from dropping
below the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement or prevent future non-compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements. 

We will need to raise additional capital
in the future. Additional capital may not be available to us on reasonable terms, if at all, when or as we require. If we issue additional
shares of our common stock or other securities that may be convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, our common stock, our
existing stockholders will experience further dilution and could trigger anti-dilution provisions in outstanding warrants. 

We need to raise additional capital in the future.
Future financings may involve the issuance of debt, equity and/or securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for our equity
securities. These financings may not be available to us on reasonable terms or at all when and as we require funding. If we are able to
consummate such financings, the trading price of our common stock could be adversely affected and/or the terms of such financings may
adversely affect the interests of our existing stockholders. Any failure to obtain additional working capital when required would have
a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition and may result in a decline in our stock price. Any issuances of our
common stock, convertible preferred stock, or securities such as warrants or notes that are convertible into, exercisable or exchangeable
for, our capital stock, would have a dilutive effect on the voting and economic interest of our existing stockholders. 

Our officers and directors are entitled
to indemnification from us for liabilities under our articles of incorporation, which could be costly to us and may discourage the exercise
of stockholder rights. 

Our articles of incorporation provide that we
possess and may exercise all powers of indemnification of our officers, directors, employees, agents and other persons and our bylaws
also require us to indemnify our officers and directors as permitted under the provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes NRS ).
We also have contractual indemnification obligations under our agreements with our directors and officers. The foregoing indemnification
obligations could result in our Company incurring substantial expenditures to cover the cost of settlement or damage awards against directors
and officers. These provisions and resultant costs may also discourage our Company from bringing a lawsuit against directors, officers,
and employees for breaches of their fiduciary duties, and may similarly discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our stockholders
against our directors, officers and employees even though such actions, if successful, might otherwise benefit our Company and stockholders. 

Our bylaws and Nevada law may discourage,
delay, or prevent a change of control of our Company or changes in our management, which could have the result of depressing the trading
price of our common stock. 

Certain anti-takeover provisions of Nevada law
could have the effect of delaying or preventing a third-party from acquiring us, even if the acquisition arguably could benefit our stockholders. 

Nevada s combinations with interested
stockholders statutes, NRS 78.411 through 78.444, inclusive, prohibit specified types of business combinations between
certain Nevada corporations and any person deemed to be an interested stockholder for two years after such person first
becomes an interested stockholder unless the corporation s board of directors approves the combination, or the transaction
by which such person becomes an interested stockholder , in advance, or unless the combination is approved by the board of
directors and sixty percent of the corporation s voting power not beneficially owned by the interested stockholder, its affiliates
and associates. Further, in the absence of prior approval certain restrictions may apply even after such two-year period. However, these
statutes do not apply to any combination of a corporation and an interested stockholder after the expiration of four years after the person
first became an interested stockholder. For purposes of these statutes, an interested stockholder is any person who is (1) the
beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the corporation,
or (2) an affiliate or associate of the corporation and at any time within the two previous years was the beneficial owner, directly
or indirectly, of ten percent or more of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of the corporation. The definition of the term
 combination is sufficiently broad to cover most significant transactions between a corporation and an interested
stockholder. These statutes generally apply to Nevada corporations with 200 or more stockholders of record. However, a Nevada corporation
may elect in its articles of incorporation not to be governed by these particular laws, but if such election is not made in the corporation s
original articles of incorporation, the amendment (1) must be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of stock representing
a majority of the outstanding voting power of the corporation not beneficially owned by interested stockholders or their affiliates and
associates, and (2) is not effective until 18 months after the vote approving the amendment and does not apply to any combination
with a person who first became an interested stockholder on or before the effective date of the amendment. We did not make such an election
in our original articles of incorporation and have not amended our articles of incorporation to so elect. 

31 

Nevada s acquisition of controlling
interest statutes, NRS 78.378 through 78.3793, inclusive, contain provisions governing the acquisition of a controlling interest
in certain Nevada corporations. These control share laws provide generally that any person that acquires a controlling
interest in certain Nevada corporations may be denied voting rights, unless a majority of the disinterested stockholders of the
corporation elects to restore such voting rights. Our bylaws provide that these statutes do not apply to us or any acquisition of our
common stock. Absent such provision in our bylaws, these laws would apply to us as of a particular date if we were to have 200 or more
stockholders of record (at least 100 of whom have addresses in Nevada appearing on our stock ledger at all times during the 90 days
immediately preceding that date) and do business in the State of Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation, unless our articles
of incorporation or bylaws in effect on the tenth day after the acquisition of a controlling interest provide otherwise. These laws provide
that a person acquires a controlling interest whenever a person acquires shares of a subject corporation that, but for the
application of these provisions of the NRS, would enable that person to exercise (1) one fifth or more, but less than one third,
(2) one third or more, but less than a majority or (3) a majority or more, of all of the voting power of the corporation in
the election of directors. Once an acquirer cross one of these thresholds, shares which it acquired in the transaction taking it over
the threshold and within the 90 days immediately preceding the date when the acquiring person acquired or offered to acquire a controlling
interest become control shares to which the voting restrictions described above apply. 

Various provisions of our bylaws may delay, defer,
or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt of us that a stockholder might consider in his or her best interest. Our bylaws may be adopted,
amended, or repealed by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of our outstanding shares of capital stock entitled
to vote for the election of directors, and except as provided by Nevada law, our board of directors shall have the power to adopt, amend
or repeal the bylaws by a vote of not less than a majority of our directors. The interests of these stockholders and directors may not
be consistent with your interests, and they may make changes to the bylaws that are not in line with your concerns. 

Nevada law also provides that directors may resist
a change or potential change in control if the directors determine that the change is opposed to, or not in the best interests of, the
corporation. The existence of the foregoing provisions and other potential anti-takeover measures could limit the price that investors
might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. They could also deter potential acquirers of our Company, thereby
reducing the likelihood that you could receive a premium for your common stock in an acquisition. 

If equity research analysts do not publish
research or reports about our business, or if they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our common stock, the market price of our
common stock will likely decline. 

The trading market for our common stock will rely
in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts, over whom we have no control, publish about us and our business. We
may never obtain research coverage by securities and industry analysts. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of our
Company, the market price for our common stock could decline. In the event we obtain securities or industry analyst coverage, the market
price of our common stock could decline if one or more equity analysts downgrade our common stock or if those analysts issue unfavorable
commentary, even if it is inaccurate, or cease publishing reports about us or our business. 

Our articles of incorporation allow for our board of directors
to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by our stockholders, which could adversely affect the rights of the holders
of our common stock. 

Our board of directors has the authority to fix
and determine the relative rights and preferences of our preferred stock. Currently our board of directors has the authority to designate
and issue up to 100,000,000 shares of our blank check preferred stock without further stockholder approval. As a result,
our board of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that would grant to holders the preferred right to
our assets upon liquidation, the right to receive dividend payments before dividends are distributed to the holders of common stock and
the right to the redemption of the shares, together with a premium, prior to the redemption of our common stock. In addition, our board
of directors could authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock that has greater voting power than our common stock or that is
convertible into our common stock, which could decrease the relative voting power of our common stock or result in dilution to our existing
stockholders. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

As a Smaller Reporting Company as defined by Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act and in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, we are electing scaled disclosure reporting obligations and therefore
are not required to provide the information requested by this Item 1B. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES . 

Our principal executive offices were in Dallas, Texas comprising an aggregate of
approximately 15,289 square feet leased by ComSovereign. These premises were vacated and the lease was abandoned by ComSovereign in June
of 2022. As a result of the lease abandonment, ComSovereign may face legal claims or proceedings for damages regarding that lease, in
an unknown amount. 

On January 29, 2021, we completed the acquisition of a 140,000-square-foot building
on 12.7 acres in Tucson, Arizona (the Tucson Building for a purchase price of approximately 6.1 million, of which approximately
 2.2 million was paid in cash and the balance was paid with the net proceeds of a 5.3 million term loan that matured in January 2022.
On January 31, 2022, we completed the sale of the Tucson Building and repaid the outstanding term loan. On February 1, 2022, we entered
into a 10-year lease agreement for the Tucson Building and provided a security deposit of 1.0 million. However, we defaulted on this
lease on or about March 1, 2022, and vacated the premises in May of 2022. As a result of the lease abandonment, we may face legal claims
or proceedings for damages regarding that lease, in an unknown amount. 

32 

In addition, our subsidiaries lease various property: 

Jacksonville, Florida (Drone Aviation Executive Offices); and 

Holly Hill, Florida (Drone Aviation Manufacturing Facility). 

Other former properties: 

Ottawa, Ontario, Canada (DragonWave). This lease was assumed
by Syntronic Production LLC as a result of the sale of the DragonWave-X Cananda, Inc. asset; 

Chantilly, Virginia (VNC). These premises were vacated and this
lease was abandoned in July of 2022. As a result of the lease abandonment, the landlord obtained a default judgment against us in the
amount of approximately 230,000; 

San Diego, California (VEO). These premises were vacated and
this lease was abandoned in June of 2022. As a result of the lease abandonment, we may face legal claims or proceedings for damages regarding
that lease, in an unknown amount; 

Colorado Springs, Colorado (Sovereign Plastics). This lease
was transferred with the sale of Sovereign Plastics in June of 2022; and 

Yokneam, Israel (SKS). This lease was transferred with the sale
of SKS in March of 2023. 

We believe our existing facilities are adequate
to meet our current requirements. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may become involved in various
lawsuits and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Neither our Company nor any of our subsidiaries currently
is a party to any legal proceeding that, individually or in the aggregate, is material to our Company as a whole, except as follows. 

On January 27, 2022, a former employee filed suit
against our Company in the Tulsa County Oklahoma District Court, Case No. CJ-2022-00221. The plaintiff has alleged that she was entitled
to six months of severance pay after her employment contract was not renewed, and that her option agreements did not expire 30 days after
cessation of her employment, and claims she is owed approximately 75,000 in severance and 250,000 in damages for her options. The Company
filed an answer to the complaint and the proceedings are currently in the discovery phase. We dispute plaintiff s allegations and
we intend to vigorously defend the lawsuit. 

On February 1, 2022, the Company entered into
a 10-year lease for 140,405 square feet of commercial space in Tucson, Arizona, and defaulted on this lease on or about March 1, 2022.
In addition, two of our subsidiaries are in default of their office leases. As a result of these lease defaults, the Company and respective
subsidiaries may face legal claims or proceedings for damages regarding that lease, in an unknown amount. 

On June 16, 2022, the Company received notice
from certain former shareholders of SAGUNA claiming breaches of the SAGUNA stock purchase agreement and claiming that all of the former
shareholders of SAGUNA have suffered damages totaling approximately 13.9 million, which they calculated as the value related to the consideration
issued to those former shareholders for the acquisition of SAGUNA. The Company denies those claims and has not accrued any contingent
loss. However, the Company may face legal claims or proceedings regarding those claims. 

By notice dated July 14, 2022, the Company received
notice from a distributor that has a distribution agreement with InduraPower claiming that InduraPower, and the Company as guarantor,
has breached the distribution agreement, and are claiming approximately 2.0 million in damages, which includes a claim for 0.5 million
of foregone profit. The Company had received 1.3 million in cash as a deposit against future product deliveries which is included in
contract liabilities current. In addition, the Company fully accrued the remaining claim of 0.7 million in accrued liabilities
in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

On or about July 17, 2022, the former employees
of SKS filed an insolvency request against SKS in the Nazareth District Court, Israel, No. 35035-06-22. The action represents 400,000
of claims of the former employees, which were fully accrued as of September 30, 2022. The claims of the former employees were resolved
pursuant to the SKS Sale Agreement and the action was dismissed on or about January 9, 2023. 

On or about July 28, 2022, a former employee filed
suit against the Company, Dustin McIntire, and Daniel Hodges in the San Diego County California Superior Court, Case No. 37-2022-00028083-CU-BC-CTL RVI Claim #1 ). The plaintiff alleged that his wages were not paid, that he was constructively discharged, that the Company
failed to issue him stock options, and that he is owed future amounts, and claimed total damages of no less than 238,000. On December
29, 2022, the Company resolved this lawsuit. 

33 

On or about August 22, 2022, two former FastBack
employees filed suit against the Company, DragonWave and FastBack in the Alameda County Superior Court, California, Case No. 22CV016666.
The plaintiffs allege that their payroll was late and that the Company failed to make one payroll, failed to timely pay wages three times,
failed to pay accrued vacation time, and owes penalties under California law. Each plaintiff claimed damages of no less than 66,500.
The Company has accrued for the wage claims for services provided but has not accrued for penalties. On April 4, 2023, the Company resolved
this lawsuit. 

On or about August 23, 2022, a former employee
filed suit against the Company in the Clark County District Court, Nevada, Case No. 3 A-22-857361-C RVI Claim #2 ). The
plaintiff alleged that his wages were not paid, that he was constructively discharged, that the Company failed to issue him stock options,
and that he is owed future amounts and claimed total damages of no less than 184,000. As of September 30, 2022, the Company had accrued
for the wage claims for services provided of 8,000 but had not accrued for the claims associated with future services. On December 29,
2022, the Company resolved this lawsuit. 

On or about September 20, 2022, the Company was
served with a suit that was filed on or about May 27, 2022 by the holder of a Transform-X Inc. Transform-X promissory
note, suing the Company, Daniel Hodges, and Transform-X in the Richland County Court of Common Pleas, South Carolina, Case No. 2022CP4002806.
The plaintiff alleges that for 125,000 he purchased an 8 promissory note in 2018 from Transform-X which has not been paid. Plaintiff
alleges that the Company is also liable under the Transform-X promissory note. This lawsuit was removed to the United States District
of South Carolina, Civil Action No.:3:22-cv-03645-MGL. The Company filed an Answer on October 27, 2022 and the proceedings are currently
in the discovery phase. The Company strongly disputes the plaintiff s allegations, has not accrued for any contingent losses, and
intends to vigorously defend the lawsuit. 

On or about November 14, 2022, an intellectual
property law firm filed suit against the Company in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California, San Diego.
The plaintiff alleges that they performed work for the Company and its subsidiaries subsequent to September 30, 2022 and are owed approximately
 75,000, which was fully accrued as of September 30, 2022. The Company is making monthly payments to the plaintiff to resolve this lawsuit. 

On January 9, 2023, a former employee of a subsidiary
of InduraPower, filed suit against the Company and the former CEO, Daniel Hodges, in the Pima County Superior Court, Arizona, Case No.
C20230116. The plaintiff has alleged that he is owed for unpaid minimum wages and overtime wages, breach of employment contract, retaliatory
termination, and alleges an unspecified amount in damages. . The Company filed an answer to the complaint and the proceedings are currently
in the discovery phase. The Company strongly dispute plaintiff s allegations and intends to vigorously defend the lawsuit. 

On or about January 10, 2023, a recruiting and
staffing company obtained a default judgment against the Company in County Court, Collin County, Texas, Case No. 004-01539-2022, for 145,917
and post-judgment interest at 7 . As of December 31, 2022, the Company accrued for the full amount of the judgment. The judgment holder
obtained a garnishment order against Company s banking accounts and has received approximately 17,100 in cash through the date
of this filing. 

On or about May 22, 2023, a landlord filed suit
against the Company in the Circuit Court, Fairfax County, Virgina, Case No. 202307755, for breach of a commercial lease. The plaintiff
obtained a default judgment in the amount of approximately 230,000 which remains unpaid as of the date of this filing. As of December
31, 2022, the Company accrued for the full amount of the judgment in accrued liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES . 

Not applicable. 

34 

PART II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information for Common Stock 

Prior to January 22, 2021, our common stock traded
under the ticker symbol COMS on the OTCQB tier of the OTC Markets, Inc. On January 22, 2021, our common stock commenced
trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol COMS. 

Holders 

As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately
287 stockholders of record, according to the records of our transfer agent, and an unknown number of additional holders of common stock
held in street name . 

Dividends 

We have not declared any common stock dividends
to date. We have no present intention of paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, as we intend to use
earnings, if any, to generate growth. The payment by us of dividends, if any, in the future, is within the discretion of our board of
directors and will depend upon, among other things, our earnings, capital requirements and financial condition, as well as other relevant
factors. There are no material restrictions in our Articles of Incorporation, as amended, or Bylaws that restrict us from declaring dividends. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There have been no sales of unregistered securities
within the reporting period that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 701 of Regulation S-K, with the exception of the following: 

None. 

ITEM
6. [Reserved]. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report
on Form 10-K, including Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements that represent our beliefs, projections and predictions
about future events. From time to time in the future, we may make additional forward-looking statements in presentations, at conferences,
in press releases, in other reports and filings and otherwise. Forward-looking statements are all statements other than statements of
historical fact, including statements that refer to plans, intentions, objectives, goals, targets, strategies, hopes, beliefs, projections,
prospects, expectations or other characterizations of future events or performance, and assumptions underlying the foregoing. The words
 may, could, should, would, will, project, intend, 
 continue, believe, anticipate, estimate, forecast, expect, 
 plan, potential, opportunity, scheduled, goal, target, 
and future, variations of such words, and other comparable terminology and similar expressions and references to future
periods are often, but not always, used to identify forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking statements
should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and will not necessarily be accurate indications of whether, or the
times by which, our performance or results may be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time
those statements are made and management s belief as of that time with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements.
Readers should carefully review the risk factors included under Item 1A. Risk Factors that are included elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed with the U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). All share and per share amounts
presented herein have been restated to reflect the implementation of the 1-for-3 reverse stock split effected on January 21, 2021 and
1-for-100 reverse stock split effected on February 10, 2023, as if they had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period presented. 

Business Overview 

We are a provider of connectivity solutions to
network operators, wireless carriers, governmental units and other enterprises worldwide. We have assembled a portfolio of communications
and portable infrastructure technologies, and solutions that enable the upgrading of legacy 3G, 4G and 4G-LTE networks and can facilitate
the rapid roll out of the 5G and 6G networks of the future. Our hardware solutions are complemented by a broad array of services, including
mobile edge compute, configuration management, technical support, systems design and integration, and sophisticated research and development
programs. We compete globally with innovative technology, an array of cost-effective solutions and customer service supporting a global
customer base with a focus on the North American telecom infrastructure and service market. 

35 

We design, develop, market and sell products and solutions for telecom
network operators, mobile device carriers and other enterprises, including the following: 

Wireless Transport Solutions . We offer a line of high-capacity packet microwave solutions that drive next-generation intellectual property IP networks. Our carrier-grade point-to-point packet microwave systems transmit broadband voice, video and data. Our solutions enable service providers, government agencies, enterprises and other organizations to meet their increasing bandwidth requirements rapidly and affordably. The principal application of our product portfolio is wireless network transport, including a range of products ideally suited to support the emergence of underlying small cell networks. Additional solutions include leased-line replacement, last mile fiber extension and enterprise networks. 

Edge Compute Capable 4G LTE and 5G Network in a Box. We offer both 4G/LTE and 5G New Radio NR based Network in a Box capable of connecting to other access radios or directly to mobile devices such as mobile phones and other Internet-of-things devices. The all-in-one mobile networks support edge-based application hosting and enable third-party service integration. 

Tethered Drones and Aerostats. We design, manufacture, sell and provide logistical services for specialized tethered aerial monitoring and communications platforms serving national defense and security customers for use in applications such as intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance ISR and tactical communications. We focus primarily on a suite of tethered aerostats known as the Winch Aerostat Small Platform, which are principally designed for military and security applications and provide secure and reliable aerial monitoring for extended durations while being tethered to the ground via a high-strength armored tether. Our recently-acquired HoverMast line of quadrotor-tethered drones feature uninterruptible ground-based power, fiber optic communications for cyber immunity, and the ability to operate in GPS-denied environments while delivering dramatically-improved situational awareness and communications capabilities to users. 

We are also developing processes that we believe
will significantly advance the state-of-the-art in silicon photonic SiP devices for use in advanced data interconnects,
communication networks and computing systems. We believe our novel approach will allow us to overcome the limitations of current SiP optical
modulators, dramatically increase computing bandwidth, and reduce drive power while offering lower operating costs. In addition, we are
seeking to leverage our AI capabilities in our Non-Line of Sight (NLOS) unlicensed radio enhancing and extending these capabilities to
further support our customers environments while expanding and extending our footprint of AI capabilities through new partnerships. 

Our engineering and management teams have extensive
experience in optical systems and networking, digital signal processing, large-scale application-specific integrated circuit design and
verification, SiP design and integration, system software development, hardware design, high-speed electronics design and network planning,
installation, maintenance, and servicing. We believe this broad expertise in a wide range of advanced technologies, methodologies, and
processes enhances our innovation, design and development capabilities, and has enabled us, and we believe will continue to enable us,
to develop and introduce future-generation communications and computing technologies. In the course of our product development cycles,
we engage with our customers as they design their current and next-generation network equipment in order to gauge current and future market
needs. 

Corporate History 

We were incorporated in Nevada on April 17, 2014,
as a wholly owned subsidiary of MacroSolve, Inc., an Oklahoma corporation MacroSolve ), and effective April 30, 2014, in
order to consolidate our operations into an entity incorporated in Nevada, MacroSolve merged with and into us. On June 3, 2014, we acquired
Drone Aviation Corp. through a stock exchange transaction, and on March 26, 2015, Drone Aviation Corp. merged with and into us. As a result
of the stock exchange and merger with Drone Aviation Corp., we acquired Drone Aviation Corp. s subsidiary, Lighter Than Air Systems
Corp., which does business under the name Drone Aviation. 

Between 2019 to 2022, we completed various acquisitions
and mergers including the following businesses: ComSovereign, VEO, InduraPower, Silver Bullet, DragonWave, Lextrum, Sovereign Plastics,
VNC, FastBack, Sky Sapience, RVision, Innovation Digital, RF Engineering, and Saguna. Commencing in 2022, as a result of our liquidity
challenges, we embarked on a significant reduction of overhead and personnel costs through the divestment of non-core assets in favor
of a refocus on our true core competencies in 5G and beyond technology which resulted in numerous lease abandonments and idling of several
businesses including VEO, InduraPower, Silver Bullet, DragonWave, RF Engineering, and Saguna (see Note 20 Business Acquisitions 
for additional information). 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we completed
the sales of Sovereign Plastics and RVision for total consideration of 2.0 million. See Note 3 Discontinued Operations and
Assets Held for Sale and Note 20 Business Acquisitions discussed in the Notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K for additional information. 

In December 2022, we entered into an agreement
to sell SKS. The sale of SKS was completed during the quarter ended March 31, 2023 (see Note 3 Discontinued Operations and
Assets Held for Sale and Note 22 Subsequent Events Business Developments for additional information). 

During 2022, the Company operated with multiple
reporting units and began to centralize operations. At January 1, 2023, the Company shifted and began operating as a single reporting
unit (see Reportable Segments and Reporting Units below). 

36 

Principle of Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements as of, and
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All intercompany
transactions and accounts have been eliminated. 

Reportable Segments and Reporting Units 

A reporting unit RU is a component
of an operating segment that is a business activity for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly
reviews the operating results of that component. The Company s legal operating subsidiaries are not organized to qualify as individual
segments, however, each operating entity had separate financial information and an operating manager, who oversees the business and financial
activities, reporting to the Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM ). Therefore, during 2022, the Company operates as one
reportable segment and each legal entity is deemed to be a separate reporting unit. As of January 1, 2023, the Company began operating
as a single reporting unit. 

Significant Components of Our Results of Operations 

Revenues 

Our revenues are generated primarily from the
sale of our products, which consist primarily of telecom hardware, repairs, support maintenance, drones, consulting, warranties
and other. At contract inception, we assess the goods and services promised in the contract with customers and identify a performance
obligation for each. To determine the performance obligation, we consider all products and services promised in the contract regardless
of whether they are explicitly stated or implied by customary business practices. The timing of satisfaction of the performance obligation
is not subject to significant judgment. We measure revenue as the amount of consideration expected to be received in exchange for transferring
goods and services. We generally recognize product revenues at the time of shipment, provided that all other revenue recognition criteria
have been met. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
approximately 7 and 12 , respectively, of our revenues were derived from sales outside of the United States. While our
near-term focus is on the North American telecom and infrastructure and service market, a key element of our growth strategy is to expand
our worldwide customer base and our international operations, initially through agreements with third-party resellers, distributors and
other partners that can market and sell our products in foreign jurisdictions. We expect that as our liquidity improves, our percentage
of sales outside the United States may increase as we build up our domestic sales and service teams. Notwithstanding such percentage
increase, we expect the sales of tethered aerostats and drones will primarily be to the domestic market customers, primarily to the U.S.
government and its agencies, even if such systems are for integration into foreign locations. 

Cost of Goods Sold and Gross Profit 

Our cost of goods sold is comprised primarily
of the costs of manufacturing products, procuring finished goods from our third-party manufacturers, third-party logistics and warehousing
provider costs, shipping and handling costs and warranty costs. We presently outsource the manufacturing of our FastBack and DragonWave
products to two outsourced manufacturers, SMC for FastBack products and Benchmark for DragonWave products. Cost of goods sold also includes
costs associated with supply operations, including personnel-related costs, provision for excess and obsolete inventory, third-party license
costs and third-party costs related to the services we provide. Additionally, cost of goods sold does not include any depreciation and
amortization expenses as we separate depreciation and amortization expense into its own category within operating expenses. 

Gross profit has been and will continue to be
affected by various factors, including changes in our supply chain and evolving product mix. The margin profile of our current products
and future products will vary depending on operating performance, features, materials, manufacturer, and supply chain. Gross margin will
vary as a function of product mix, changes in pricing due to competitive pressure, our third-party manufacturing, our production costs,
costs of shipping and logistics, provision for excess and obsolete inventory and other factors. We expect our gross margins will fluctuate
from period to period depending on the interplay of these various factors. 

Operating Expenses 

We classify our operating expense as research
and development, sales, and marketing, and general and administrative. Personnel costs are the primary component of each of these operating
expense categories, which consist of cash-based personnel costs, such as salaries, sales commissions, benefits, and bonuses. Additionally,
we separate depreciation and amortization expense into its own category. 

Research and Development 

In addition to personnel-related costs, research
and development expense consists of costs associated with the design, development, and certification of our products. We generally recognize
research and development expense as incurred. Development costs incurred prior to establishment of technological feasibility are expensed
as incurred. 

Sales and Marketing 

In addition to personnel costs for sales, marketing,
service and product management personnel, sales and marketing expense consists of the expenses associated with our training programs,
trade shows, marketing programs, promotional materials, demonstration equipment, national and local regulatory approvals of our products,
travel, entertainment and recruiting. We expect sales and marketing expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we increase
the size of our sales, marketing, service, and product management organization in support of our investment in our growth opportunities,
whether through the development and rollout of new or modified products or through acquisitions and partnerships. 

General and Administrative 

In addition to personnel costs, general and administrative
expense consists of professional fees, such as legal, audit, accounting, information technology and consulting fees; share-based compensation;
and facilities and other supporting overhead costs. 

37 

Depreciation and Amortization 

Depreciation and amortization expense consists
of depreciation related to fixed assets such as test equipment, research and development equipment, computer hardware, production fixtures
and leasehold improvements, as well as amortization related to definite-lived intangibles. 

Impairment 

We account for goodwill and intangible assets
in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other . Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of an
entity over the estimated fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. ASC 350 requires that goodwill and other intangibles
with indefinite lives be tested for impairment annually or on an interim basis if events or circumstances indicate that the fair value
of an asset has decreased below its carrying value. During the fourth quarter of 2020, we adopted ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles 
Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment . This guidance simplifies the accounting for goodwill
impairment by removing Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test, which requires a hypothetical purchase price allocation. 

Loss on Sales 

A gain or loss on sales is recognized on sales
of long-lived assets and included in income from continuing operations in the income statement. The amount of consideration promised in
a contract that is included in the calculation of a gain or loss includes both the transaction price and the carrying amount of liabilities
assumed. 

Loss on Lease Abandonment 

A loss on lease abandonment is recognized upon
the derecognition of an ROU asset and evaluation that impairment is necessary in accordance with ASC 842. A gain or loss is recognized
from the difference between the carrying amount of the ROU asset and the lease liability. 

Gain on the Sale of Assets 

A gain or loss is recognized on the sale and leaseback
of long-lived assets and included in income from continuing operations in the income statement. The amount of consideration promised in
a contract that is included in the calculation of a gain or loss includes the transaction price and the carrying amount of assets acquired,
liabilities assumed, and closing costs. 

Interest Expense 

Interest expense is comprised of interest expense
associated with our secured notes payable, notes payable and senior convertible debentures. The amortization of debt discounts is also
recorded as part of interest expense. 

Results of Operations 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 
 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 
 9,878 
 9,064 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 7,594 
 4,582 
 
 Gross profit 
 2,284 
 4,482 
 
 Operating expenses 

Research and development (1) 
 2,354 
 4,044 
 
 Sales and marketing (1) 
 49 
 615 
 
 General and administrative (1) 
 17,778 
 24,938 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 2,008 
 14,078 
 
 Impairment 
 41,439 
 106,055 
 
 Loss on sales (ID, DWXC, RVI) (2) 
 2,713 
 - 
 
 Loss on lease abandonment 
 13,560 
 - 
 
 Gain on the sale of assets 
 (8,441 
 (83 
 
 Total operating expenses, net 
 71,460 
 149,647 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (69,176 
 (145,165 
 
 Other expense 

Interest expense 
 (3,978 
 (2,797 
 
 Other expense 
 - 
 (116 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 (7,306 
 (4,356 
 
 Foreign currency transaction gain 
 - 
 48 
 
 Total other expense 
 (11,284 
 (7,221 
 
 Loss from continuing operations 
 (80,460 
 (152,386 
 
 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 747 
 (663 
 
 Net loss 
 (79,713 
 (153,049 

(1) These are exclusive of depreciation and amortization 

(2) Innovation Digital ID ), DragonWave-X Canada DWXC ), RVision
 RVI 

38 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December
31, 2021 

Total Revenues 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, total revenues
increased 0.8 million, or 9 , which was primarily related to sales of our aerostat products and accessories, partially offset by a decrease
in our mobile network backhaul products. 

Cost of Goods Sold and Gross Profit 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cost of
goods sold increased 3.0 million, or 66 , which primarily was due to a one-time sale of 1.8 million of DragonWave inventory for proceeds
of 0.2 million for a loss of 1.6 million due to the challenges related to the Company s liquidity. 

Gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022
decreased 2.3 million with a gross profit margin of 22 compared to 49 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in gross profit
margin resulted primarily due to the one-time sale of DragonWave inventory and sales of products that were lower margin compared to fiscal
year 2021 and increases in purchase price variances due to increased prices from manufacturing and logistical suppliers as a result of
then macro supply chain constraints. 

Research and Development Expense 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, research
and development expenses decreased 1.7 million, or 42 . This was driven by decreases in contract labor and payroll-related costs. This
decrease was driven by liquidity challenges and getting rid of discretionary expenditures including reduced developments of DragonWave
radio software features, VNC system product development and VEO photonics chip development. 

Sales and Marketing Expense 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, sales and
marketing expenses decreased 0.6 million, or 92 , which primarily consisted of decreases in payroll and related costs. 

General and Administrative Expense 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, general
and administrative expenses decreased 7.2 million, or 29 , primarily due to decreases in payroll and related costs of 6.5 million and
professional expenses consisting of certain public relations services and accounting services and other professional services of 1.8
million. 

Depreciation and Amortization 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, depreciation
and amortization decreased 12.1 million, or 86 , due to the sale of the Tucson building in January 2022, sales of subsidiaries and assets
lost in the abandonment of leases described below in the Loss on Lease Abandonment section of this discussion. 

Impairment 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, impairment
expense was 41.4 million, primarily due to goodwill impairment of 29.3 million and intangibles impairment of 12.1 million, compared
to 106.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to goodwill of 62.4 million and intangibles of 43.7 million. Our
unfavorable liquidity situation and decline in market capitalization resulted in significant impairments of our intangibles and goodwill. 

Loss on Sales of Innovation Digital, DragonWave-X Canada, and RVision 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the loss
on the sales of Innovation Digital, DragonWave-X Canada, and RVision assets was 2.7 million. The loss is primarily due to the transfer
of 2.2 million of inventory to the purchaser of the DragonWave-X Canada assets and 0.6 million of intellectual property returned to
the original owners of Innovation Digital. 

Loss on Lease Abandonment 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the loss
on lease abandonment was 13.6 million, which primarily consisted of 10.0 million related to the abandonment of the Tucson Building lease
and related leasehold improvements and inventory, 1.4 million related to the derecognition of the RF Engineering lease, property and
equipment, and inventory controlled by the owners of the Company, 1.0 million related to the abandonment of the Dallas Texas office space
and related leasehold improvements, 0.3 million related to the abandonment of the Chantilly Virginia lease and related leasehold improvements,
property and equipment, and inventory, 0.2 million related to the abandonment of the San Diego California lease, and 0.2 million related
to the return of various pieces of operating lease equipment and abandonment of small offices. 

Gain on the Sale of Assets 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the gain
on the sale of assets was 8.4 million compared to 0.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 8.3 million is
due to the January 31, 2022 sale of our Tucson Building for 15.8 million of cash, partially offset by the carrying value of 6.7 million
and related transaction costs of 0.7 million. 

39 

Other Expense 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, other expense
was 11.3 million compared to 7.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 4.2 million is primarily due to an increase
in the loss on extinguishment of debt of 3.0 million and an increase in interest expense of 1.2 million. 

Loss from Continuing Operations 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a
net loss from continuing operations of 80.5 million compared to a net loss from continuing operations of 152.4 million for the year
ended December 31, 2021, due to the items described above. 

Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net
income from discontinued operations of 0.7 million as a result of the gain on sale of Sovereign Plastics compared to a net loss from
discontinued operations of 0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net Loss 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a
net loss of 79.7 million compared to a net loss of 153.0 million for the period December 31, 2021, related to the items described above. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity is the ability of an enterprise to generate
adequate amounts of cash to meet its cash requirements. As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.9 million in cash compared to 1.9 million
on December 31, 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had a working capital
deficit of 15.9 million compared to a working capital deficit of 3.6 million as of December 31, 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had undiscounted obligations relating to
the payment of indebtedness as follows: 

11.6 million related to indebtedness that is due during 2023; and 

0.6 million related to indebtedness that is due during 2024; and 

1.3 million related to indebtedness that is due after 2027. 

Our future capital requirements for our operations
will depend on many factors, including the profitability of our businesses, and the costs of our operations. We cannot be sure that any
additional funding, if needed, will be available. Any additional capital raised through the sale of equity or equity-linked securities
may dilute our current stockholders ownership and could also result in a decrease in the market price of our common stock. Debt
financing, if available, may subject us to restrictive covenants and significant interest costs. 

Our future capital requirements for our operations
will depend on many factors, including the profitability of our businesses, the number and cash requirements of other acquisition candidates
that we pursue, and the costs of our operations. We have been investing in research and development in anticipation of increasing revenue
opportunities in our cellular network solutions business, which has contributed to our losses from operations. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
and notes have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we used cash flows
in operating activities of 9.5 million, and at December 31, 2022 we had an accumulated deficit of 297.6 million and we had working capital
deficit of 15.9 million. 

Our fiscal operating results, accumulated deficit
and negative working capital, among other factors, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Based on
our current cash on hand and subsequent activity as described herein, we presently only have enough cash on hand to operate on a month-to-month
basis, without raising additional capital or selling assets. Because of our limited cash availability, our operations have been scaled
back to the extent possible. We continue to explore opportunities with third parties and related parties to provide additional capital;
however, we have not entered into any agreement to provide the necessary capital. In the near term, there will be limited opportunities
to raise capital of significance until our Nasdaq compliance issues are resolved, in the Notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report
(see Note 22 Subsequent Events - Nasdaq Compliance Developments for additional information). 

We will continue to pursue the actions outlined
above, as well as work towards increasing revenue and operating cash flows to meet our future liquidity requirements. However, there can
be no assurance that we will be successful in any capital-raising efforts that we may undertake, and these planned actions do not alleviate
the substantial doubt. If we are not able to obtain additional financing on a timely basis, we may have to further delay vendor payments
and/or initiate cost reductions, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations,
and ultimately, we could be forced to discontinue operations, liquidate assets and/or seek reorganization under the U.S. bankruptcy code. 

Debt Agreements 

Summary information with respect to our debt or
other credit facilities is set forth in Note 14 Debt of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

40 

Sources and Uses of Cash 

December 31, 
 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows used in operating activities 
 (9,529 
 (39,089 
 
 Cash flows provided by (used in) investing activities 
 14,937 
 (9,440 
 
 Cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities 
 (6,502 
 52,354 
 
 Cash flows provided by (used in) discontinued operations 
 1,632 
 (2,665 
 
 Net cash used in assets held for sale 
 (543 
 - 
 
 Effect of exchange rates on cash 
 - 
 23 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (5 
 1,183 

Operating Activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash
used in operating activities was 9.5 million. Net cash used in operating activities primarily consisted of the net loss from continuing
operations of 80.5 million, which was offset by adjustments for non-cash expenses of 64.2 million and net cash generated by changes
in the levels of operating assets and liabilities of 6.7 million. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash
used in operating activities was 39.1 million. Net cash used in operating activities primarily consisted of the net loss from continuing
operations of 152.4 million, which was offset by adjustments for non-cash expenses of 129.3 million and net cash used in changes in
the levels of operating assets and liabilities of 15.3 million. 

Investing Activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash
provided by investing activities was 14.9 million. Investing activities primarily consisted of proceeds from the building sale of 15.1
million, which was partially offset by the acquisition of property and equipment of 0.2 million. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash
used in investing activities was 9.4 million. Investing activities primarily consisted of the acquisition of the net assets of FastBack,
RVision, Innovation Digital, RF Engineering and SAGUNA, which used 6.5 million of net cash, the acquisition of property and equipment
of 3.1 million, partially offset by proceeds from the disposal of property and equipment of 0.1 million. 

Financing Activities 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash
used in financing activities was 6.5 million. Financing activities primarily consisted of the repayment of debt of 7.5 million and preferred
stock dividends paid of 0.2 million, partially offset by 1.3 million of proceeds of debt issued. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021, financing
activities provided cash of 52.4 million. Financing activities primarily consisted of 45.0 million of proceeds from the sale of common
stock from an offering, 14.2 million of proceeds from the issuance of debt, and 8.0 million of proceeds from the sale of preferred stock,
which was offset by 7.6 million for repayment of debts, 6.1 million for offering costs, 1.0 million for repayment of related party
notes, and 0.2 million for payment of preferred stock dividends. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
that have had or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 2 Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies in the Notes to our financial statements included elsewhere in this report for our evaluation of accounting standards
not yet adopted. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The following is not intended to be a comprehensive
list of our accounting policies or estimates. Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes. In preparing our financial statements and accounting for the underlying transactions
and balances, we apply our accounting policies and estimates as disclosed in the Notes. We consider the policies and estimates discussed
below as critical to an understanding of our financial statements because their application places the most significant demands on our
judgment, with financial reporting results dependent on estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change
in subsequent periods. Specific risks for these critical accounting estimates are described in the following paragraphs. Preparation of
our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the
reporting period. Actual results may differ from those estimates. 

41 

Besides estimates that meet the critical 
accounting estimate criteria, we make many other accounting estimates in preparing our financial statements and related disclosures. All
estimates, whether or not deemed critical, affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses as well as disclosures
of contingent assets and liabilities. Estimates are based on experience and other information available prior to the issuance of the financial
statements. Materially different results can occur as circumstances change and additional information becomes known, including for estimates
that we do not deem critical. 

Accounts Receivable and Credit Policies 

Trade accounts receivable consist of amounts due
from the sale of our products and services. Such accounts receivable are uncollateralized customer obligations due under normal trade
terms requiring payment within 30 to 45 days of receipt of the invoice. We provide an allowance for doubtful accounts equal to the estimated
uncollectible amounts based on historical collection experience and a review of the current status of trade accounts receivable. As of
December 31, 2022, we characterized 1.2 million as uncollectible. 

Acquisitions 

The Company accounts for acquisitions using the
acquisition method of accounting, which requires, among other things, allocation of the fair value of purchase consideration to the tangible
and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values on the acquisition date. The excess of the fair
value of purchase consideration over the values of the identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. 

The determination of the fair value of assets
acquired and liabilities assumed involves assessments of factors such as the expected future cash flows associated with individual assets
and liabilities and appropriate discount rates at the date of the acquisition. Significant management inputs used in the estimation of
fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed include, but are not limited to, expected future cash flows, future changes in technology,
estimated replacement costs, discount rates, and assumptions about the period of time the brand will continue to be used in the Company s
product portfolio. Where appropriate, external advisers are consulted to assist in the determination of fair value. For non-observable
market values, fair value has been determined using acceptable valuation methods (e.g., relief from royalty methods). The results of operations
for businesses acquired are included in the financial statements from the acquisition date. 

Acquisition-related expenses and post-acquisition
integration costs are recognized separately from the business combination and are expensed as incurred. During the measurement period,
not to exceed one year from the date of acquisition, the Company may record adjustments to the tangible and intangible assets acquired
and liabilities assumed, including the fair value of acquired intangible assets, an indemnification asset related to certain assumed liabilities,
net lease liabilities, uncertain tax positions, tax-related valuation allowances, and pre-acquisition contingencies with a corresponding
offset to goodwill. The Company continues to collect information and reevaluates these estimates and assumptions quarterly and records
any adjustments to the Company s preliminary estimates to goodwill provided that the Company is within the measurement period. After
the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Beneficial Conversion Features and Warrants 

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company
evaluated the conversion feature of convertible debt instruments to determine whether the conversion feature was beneficial as described
in ASC 470-30, Debt with Conversion and Other Options . The Company recorded a beneficial conversion feature BCF related to the issuance of convertible debt that had conversion features at fixed or adjustable rates that are in-the-money when issued
and recorded the relative fair value of any warrants issued with those instruments. The BCF for the convertible instruments was recognized
and measured by allocating a portion of the proceeds to the warrants and as a reduction to the carrying amount of the convertible instrument
equal to the intrinsic value of the conversion features, both of which were credited to additional paid-in capital. The Company calculated
the fair value of warrants issued with the convertible instruments using the Black-Scholes valuation model. 

Under these guidelines, the Company first allocates
the value of the proceeds received from a convertible debt transaction between the convertible debt instrument and any other detachable
instruments included in the transaction (such as warrants) on a relative fair value basis. A BCF is then measured as the intrinsic value
of the conversion option at the commitment date, representing the difference between the effective conversion price and the Company s
stock price on the commitment date multiplied by the number of shares into which the debt instrument is convertible. The allocated value
of the BCF and warrants are recorded as a debt discount and accreted over the expected term of the convertible debt as interest expense.
If the intrinsic value of the BCF is greater than the proceeds allocated to the convertible debt instrument, the amount of the discount
assigned to the BCF is limited to the amount of the proceeds allocated to the convertible debt instrument. 

Beginning on January 1, 2022, with the adoption
of ASU 2020-06, it was no longer necessary to evaluate whether a conversion feature was beneficial. 

Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 

After the adoption of ASU 2020-06-Debt with Conversion
and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity, on April 1, 2022, the Company accounts
for its convertible debt as a single liability with no separate accounting for embedded conversion features. The Company accounts for
privately negotiated settlements of its convertible debt as induced conversions, resulting in an inducement loss measured as the difference
between the fair value of the consideration transferred and the fair value of the original terms of the instrument on the acceptance date.
The remaining consideration transferred, after reducing the carrying amount of the convertible debt, is recorded as a reduction to additional
paid-in-capital on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Prior to conversion of its convertible debt, the Company includes,
in the diluted net income per common share calculation, the effect of the additional shares that may be issued when the Company s common
stock price exceeds the conversion price using the if-converted method. The Company s convertible debt has no impact on diluted net income
per common share unless the average price of the Company s common stock exceeds the conversion price because the Company is required to
settle the principal amount of the convertible debt in cash upon conversion. 

42 

Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Company
separately accounted for the liability and equity components of its convertible debt by estimating the fair values of the i) liability
component without a conversion feature and ii) the conversion feature. This resulted in a bifurcation of a component of the debt, classification
of that component in equity and the accretion of the resulting discount on the debt to be recognized as part of interest expense in the
Company s consolidated statements of income. Upon settlement of convertible debt instruments, the Company allocated the total consideration
between the liability and equity components based on the fair value of the liability component without the conversion feature. The difference
between the consideration allocated to the liability component and the net carrying value of the liability component was recognized as
an extinguishment loss or gain. The remaining settlement consideration was allocated to the equity component and recognized as a reduction
of additional paid-in capital in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. In addition, if the terms of the settlement were different
from the contractual terms of the original instrument, the Company recognized an inducement loss, which was measured as the difference
between the fair value of the original terms of the instrument and the fair value of the settlement terms. The Company included the dilutive
effect of the shares of its common stock issuable upon conversion of the outstanding convertible debt under the treasury stock method
as it had the intent and had adopted an accounting policy to settle the principal amount of its convertible debt in cash. This method
resulted in incremental dilutive shares when the average price of the Company s common stock for a reporting period exceeded the conversion
prices per share. 

Revenue Recognition 

In May 2014, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update ASU No. 2014-09 (Topic 606), Revenue from Contracts with Customers . Topic 606 supersedes the revenue
recognition requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition and requires entities to recognize revenues when control of the promised
goods or services is transferred to customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled
to in exchange for those goods or services. The principles in the standard are applied in five steps: 1) identify the contract(s) with
a customer; 2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; 3) determine the transaction price; 4) allocate the transaction price
to the performance obligations in the contract; and 5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. We
adopted Topic 606 as of January 10, 2019 (date of inception). 

Our revenue recognition policies are consistent
with this five-step framework. Understanding the complex terms of agreements and determining the appropriate time, amount and method to
recognize revenue for each transaction requires judgment. These significant judgments include: (1) determining what point in time
or what measure of progress depicts the transfer of control to the customer; (2) applying the series guidance to certain performance
obligations satisfied over time; and (3) estimating how and when contingencies, or other forms of variable consideration, will impact
the timing and amount of recognition of revenue. The timing and revenue recognition in a period could vary if different judgments were
made. 

Long-Lived Assets and Goodwill 

We account for long-lived assets in accordance
with the provisions of ASC 360-10-35, Property, Plant and Equipment, Impairment or Disposal of Long-lived Assets . This accounting
standard requires that long-lived assets be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset
to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated
future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of
the asset. 

Throughout the past 3-5 years, we targeted companies
with technology that fit our portfolio and align with our strategic vision for 5G innovation. The impairment was primarily driven by lackluster
business performance as a result of turbulent economic factors such as the impact of COVID-19, chip shortages, our declining stock price
and our inability to secure adequate funding to service our customers. We believe that in the absence of future positive cash flow, declines
in revenue generation, or continued difficult business conditions, further impairments may be required. The Company will monitor such
economic conditions and record such additional charges when and if necessary. 

We account for goodwill and intangible assets
in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other . Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of an
entity over the estimated fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. ASC 350 requires that goodwill and other intangibles
with indefinite lives be tested for impairment annually or on an interim basis if events or circumstances indicate that the fair value
of an asset has decreased below its carrying value. During the fourth quarter of 2020, we adopted ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles 
Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment . This guidance simplifies the accounting for goodwill
impairment by removing Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test, which requires a hypothetical purchase price allocation. Goodwill impairment
will now be the amount by which a reporting unit s carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill.
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded impairment charges of 41.4 million and 106.1 million, respectively. 

Our acquisitions require the application of purchase
accounting, which results in tangible and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities of the acquired entity being recorded at fair
value. The difference between the purchase price and the fair value of net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. We are responsible
for determining the valuation of assets and liabilities and for the allocation of purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 

Assumptions must be made in determining fair values,
particularly where observable market values do not exist. Assumptions may include discount rates, growth rates, cost of capital, tax rates
and remaining useful lives. These assumptions can have a significant impact on the value of identifiable assets and accordingly can impact
the value of goodwill recorded. Different assumptions could result in different values being attributed to assets and liabilities. Since
these values impact the amount of annual depreciation and amortization expense, different assumptions could also impact our statement
of operations and could impact the results of future asset impairment reviews. Due to the many variables inherent in the estimation of
a business s fair value and the relative size of our goodwill, if different assumptions and estimates were used, it could have an
adverse effect on our impairment analysis. 

Share-Based Compensation 

We account for share-based compensation costs
in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . ASC 718, which requires companies to measure the cost of awards
of equity instruments, including stock options and restricted stock awards, based on the estimated grant date fair value of the award
and to recognize it as compensation expense over the employee s requisite service period or the non-employee s vesting period.
An employee s requisite service period is the period of time over which an employee must provide service in exchange for an award
under a share-based payment arrangement and generally is presumed to be the vesting period. 

43 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a Smaller Reporting Company as defined by Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act and in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, we are electing scaled disclosure reporting obligations and therefore
are not required to provide the information requested by this Item 7A. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA . 

Our Consolidated Financial Statements and supplementary
data are on pages F-1 through F-41. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES. 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

(a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act that
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file with the SEC under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and acting principal financial and accounting officer, to
allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, consisting of our principal executive officer and acting principal financial and accounting
officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act).
Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and acting principal financial and accounting officer concluded that, as of
the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time
periods and is accumulated and communicated to our management, consisting of our principal executive officer and principal financial and
accounting officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, due to the material weaknesses discussed further below. 

(b) Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting. 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act.
Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to ensure that material information regarding our operations is made available
to management and the Board of Directors to provide them reasonable assurance that the published financial statements are fairly presented.
There are limitations inherent in any set of internal controls, such as the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding
of controls. As a result, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation.
As conditions change over time, so to may the effectiveness of internal controls. 

Our management, consisting of our principal executive
officer and acting principal financial and accounting officer, have evaluated our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022 based on the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission and have concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective. Based on this assessment,
management concluded that the following material weaknesses that were first identified in 2021, continued to exist as of December 31,
2022. 

we do not effectively segregate certain accounting duties due to the small size of our accounting staff; 

there is a lack of timely reconciliations of account balances; and 

there is a lack of documented and tested internal controls to meet the requirements of Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Management believes that these material weaknesses
exist due to a lack of resources. Upon an improvement of the Company s liquidity challenges, management intends to add accounting
personnel, operating staff, and utilize consultants, where appropriate, in order to remediate these material weaknesses. In addition,
management intends to invest in more sophisticated accounting and finance systems in order to improve our internal and external reporting
procedures and internal controls, subject to available capital. Until we have adequate resources to address these issues, any material
weaknesses may materially adversely affect our ability to accurately report our financial condition and results of operations in the future
in a timely and reliable manner. In addition, although we continually review and evaluate internal control systems to allow management
to report on the sufficiency of our internal controls, we cannot assure you that we will not discover additional weaknesses in our internal
control over financial reporting. Any such additional weaknesses or failure to remediate the existing weaknesses could materially adversely
affect our financial condition or ability to comply with applicable financial reporting requirements and the requirements of our various
financing agreements. 

This Annual Report does not include an attestation
report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report
was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide
only management s report in this Annual Report. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

None. 

44 

PART III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors 

The following table sets forth the names and ages
of the members of our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors elects our executive officers annually by majority vote. Each director s
term continues until his or her successor is elected or qualified at the next annual meeting, unless such director earlier resigns or
is removed. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions and Offices 
 
 Richard J. Berman 
 
 81 
 
 Director 
 
 Kay Kapoor 
 
 60 
 
 Director 
 
 James A. Marks 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 David A. Knight 
 
 61 
 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer, President, and Acting Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 Bill J. White 
 
 63 
 
 Director 

The following is information about the experience
and attributes of the members of our Board of Directors and senior executive officers as of the date of this Annual Report. The experience
and attributes of our directors discussed below provide the reasons that these individuals were selected for board membership, as well
as why they continue to serve in such positions. 

Richard J. Berman was appointed
to our board of directors upon the closing of our acquisition of COMSovereign Corp. on November 27, 2019. Mr. Berman s business
career spans over 35 years of venture capital, senior management, and merger and acquisitions experience. In the past five years, Mr.
Berman has served as a director and/or officer of over a dozen public and private companies. Mr. Berman currently serves on the board
of the following public companies: BioVie Inc., Context Therapeutics Inc., and Cryoport Inc. Previously, Mr. Berman worked at Goldman
Sachs; was Senior Vice President of Bankers Trust Company, where he started the M A and Leveraged Buyout Departments; he created the
largest battery company in the world, in the 1980 s, by merging Prestolite, General Battery and Exide to form Exide Technologies
(XIDE); he helped create SoHo, the lower Manhattan neighborhood in NYC, by developing five buildings; and he advised on over 4 billion
M A transactions, completing over 300 deals. Mr. Berman is a past Director of the Stern School of Business of NYU where he obtained
his B.S. and M.B.A. degrees. He also has U.S. and foreign law degrees from Boston College and The Hague Academy of International Law.
Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Board believe that Mr. Berman s extensive leadership experience in the management
of technology companies as well as his financial expertise and significant experience in mergers and acquisitions qualifies him to serve
on our board of directors. 

Kay Kapoor joined our board of directors
in January 2021. Since January 2018, Ms. Kapoor has been the Chief Executive Officer of Arya Technologies, an advisory and consulting
firm that provides expertise in technology and telecommunication to clients. Kapoor also serves as an independent board member for NEC
NSS, Frontier Technologies Inc, and Terma Defense US. From January 2013 to October 2017, Ms. Kapoor was the Executive Vice President and
President of AT T s Global Public Sector organization, a 15 billion segment of its business that provides technology and communications
solutions to government and education customers across federal, state, local and international markets. From January 2011 to October 2012,
Ms. Kapoor served as chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Accenture Federal Services (AFS), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Accenture
LLC. From November 1990 to October 2010, she was employed at Lockheed Martin Corporation where she led complex organizational units and
government relations. She ultimately served as Vice President of Lockheed Martin s 4 billion, 13,000-employee Information Systems 
Global Solutions Civil unit. Ms. Kapoor is the recipient of numerous industry awards, including the Stevie Award for Woman of the Year
in Business Services, the Women in Technology Leader Award, the prestigious Janice K. Mendenhall Spirit of Leadership Award, the FCW Fed100
Award and the Asian American Engineer of the Year Award. Ms. Kapoor earned a master s degree in business from Johns Hopkins University
complemented by executive programs at MIT and Harvard University and earned her bachelor s degree in information systems from the
University of Maryland. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Board believe that Ms. Kapoor s significant experience
across the technology, telecommunications and defense markets, including expertise in government programs, mergers and acquisitions, sales
and marketing, and telecom technology qualifies her to serve on our board of directors. 

James A. Marks was appointed to
our Board of Directors upon the closing of our acquisition of COMSovereign on November 27, 2019. James A. Spider Marks is
the President of The Marks Collaborative, an advisory firm dedicated to the development and transformation of corporate leaders and their
organizations. He has led business ventures that included entrepreneurial efforts in education, energy, information technology, and primary
research. General Marks spent over 30 years in the United States Army holding every command position from infantry platoon leader to commanding
general. Significantly, in industry he was responsible for creating, training and managing a company that staffed over 10,000 linguists
in Iraq generating annual revenues of over 700 million in less than a year. He has led large multinational organizations and universities
within NATO, the European Union, Korea, Southeast Asia, and the Middle East. General Marks is currently the board member of Revive, an
IT company. He is a published author, routine guest speaker, leader and senior advisor for multiple corporations, and has been an on-air
military and intelligence analyst to CNN. In governmental relations, he prepared and presented testimonies for intelligence, armed services,
and appropriations committees of both houses of the U.S. Congress. He is an Honor Graduate of the U.S. Army s Ranger School and
a member of the Military Intelligence Hall of Fame. General Marks has a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering from the United States
Military Academy at West Point, NY and a Master of Arts degree in Foreign Affairs from the University of Virginia. Our Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee and Board believe that Mr. Marks extensive leadership experience as well as his significant experience
in government relations and contracting qualifies him to serve on the board of directors. 

45 

David A. Knight was appointed to
our Board of Directors on November 23, 2022. Mr. Knight has led turnarounds and transformations of multiple technology and services companies.
He previously served as CEO of Dispersive Holdings, a cybersecurity company based in Atlanta, GA from April 2021 through March 2022, and
was a member of their board of directors from January 2020 through March 2021. From November 2020 through April 2021, Mr. Knight operated
his consultancy company, GlenWest Advisors. Previously, he was CEO of Federos (acquired by Oracle) from April 2016 through November 2020,
and was a member of their board of directors from November 2017 through April 2020. Prior to that, Mr. Knight held senior management positions
at Motorola, SEI and at Micromuse where he was responsible for the acquisition and integration of over 200 million in subsidiaries and
partnerships prior to the firm s purchase by IBM. He holds a master s degree in management from Northwestern s Kellogg
School and a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Valparaiso University. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Board
believe that Mr. Knight s significant experience with turnarounds and technology companies qualifies him to serve on our board of
directors. 

Bill J. White was appointed to our
Board of Directors on April 26, 2023. Mr. White has been a member of the Board of Directors of MyMd Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ((Nasdaq: MYMD)
since August, 2018, and has served as the Audit Committee Chairman since August, 2017. From May, 2022 to October, 2022, Mr. White has
served as Chief Financial Officer of ProPhase Labs, Inc. (Nasdaq: PRPH). From April, 2012 to May, 2022, Mr. White served as Chief Financial
Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of Intellicheck, Inc. (Nasdaq: IDN), an identity company that delivers on-demand digital identity validation
solutions for KYC, fraud, and age verification needs. From August, 2000 to April 2012 Mr. White served as the Chief Financial Officer,
Chief Operating Officer, Secretary and Treasurer of FocusMicro, Inc. FM ). As co-founder of FM, Mr. White played an integral
role in growing the business from the company s inception to over 36 million in annual revenue in a five-year period. Prior to
co-founding FM, he served 15 years in various financial leadership positions in the government sector. Mr. White started his career in
Public Accounting. Mr. White has more than 30 years of experience in financial management, operations and business development. Mr. White
has broad domestic and international experience including managing rapid and significant growth, import/export, implementing tough cost
management initiatives, exploiting new growth opportunities, merger and acquisitions, strategic planning, resource allocation, tax compliance
and organization development. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Board believe that Mr. White s extensive financial
expertise and significant experience in public company financial leadership qualifies him to serve on our board of directors. 

Family Relationships 

No director or executive officer is related by
blood, marriage or adoption to any other director or executive officer. 

Meetings of the Board of Directors 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
our Board of Directors held 17 meetings, and approved 4 actions by unanimous written consent. We expect our directors to attend all meetings
of our Board of Directors and the committees thereof on which such directors serve and to spend the time needed to prepare for such meetings
and meet as frequently as necessary to properly discharge their responsibilities. 

Board Composition and Structure; Director Independence 

Our business and affairs are managed under the
direction of our board of directors, which is currently comprised of five members. The term of office for each director will be until
his or her successor is elected at our next annual meeting or his or her death, resignation or removal, whichever is earliest to occur. 

While we do not have a stand-alone diversity policy,
in considering whether to recommend any director nominee, including candidates recommended by stockholders, we believe that the backgrounds
and qualifications of the directors, considered as a group, should provide a significant mix of experience, knowledge and abilities that
will allow our board of directors to fulfill its responsibilities. As set forth in our corporate governance guidelines, when considering
whether directors and nominees have the experience, qualifications, attributes or skills, taken as a whole, to enable our board of directors
to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively in light of our business and structure, the Board focuses primarily on each person s
background and experience as reflected in the information discussed in each of the directors individual biographies set forth above.
We believe that our directors and director nominees will provide an appropriate mix of experience and skills relevant to the size and
nature of our business. 

Our board of directors expects a culture of ethical
business conduct and encourages each member to conduct a self-review to determine if he or she is providing effective service with respect
to both our Company and our stockholders. Should it be determined that a member of our board of directors is unable to effectively act
in the best interests of our stockholders, such member would be encouraged to resign. 

Board Leadership Structure 

Our amended and restated bylaws and our corporate
governance guidelines provide our board of directors with flexibility to combine or separate the positions of Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer in accordance with its determination that utilizing one or the other structure is in the best interests of our
Company. David A. Knight is the CEO but is not the Chairman of the Board. Currently, Richard Berman serves as our Lead Director. 

As Lead Director of the Board, Mr. Berman s
key responsibilities include facilitating communication between our board of directors and management, assessing management s performance,
managing board members, preparation of the agenda for each board meeting, and acting as chair of board meetings. 

We will take steps to ensure that adequate structures
and processes are in place to permit our board of directors to function independently of management. The directors will be able to request
at any time a meeting restricted to independent directors for the purposes of discussing matters independently of management and are encouraged
to do so should they feel that such a meeting is required. 

Committees of our Board of Directors 

The standing committees of our board of directors
consist of an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Each of the committees reports
to our board of directors as they deem appropriate and as our board may request. Each committee of our board of directors has a committee
charter that will set out the mandate of such committee, including the responsibilities of the chair of such committee. 

46 

The composition, duties and responsibilities of
these committees are set forth below. 

Audit Committee 

The audit committee is responsible for, among
other matters: 

appointing, retaining and evaluating our independent registered public accounting firm and approving all services to be performed by them; 

overseeing our independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications, independence and performance; 

overseeing the financial reporting process and discussing with management and our independent registered public accounting firm the interim and annual financial statements that we file with the SEC; 

reviewing and monitoring our accounting principles, accounting policies, financial and accounting controls and compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; 

establishing procedures for the confidential anonymous submission of concerns regarding questionable accounting, internal controls or auditing matters; and 

reviewing and approving related person transactions. 

Our audit committee consists of four of our directors,
Richard J. Berman, Kay Kapoor James A. Marks, and Bill H. White, each of whom meets the definition of independent director 
for purposes of serving on an audit committee under Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act and Nasdaq rules. Mr. White serves as chair
of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. White and Mr. Berman each qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert, as such term is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act. The written charter
for our audit committee is available on our corporate website at www.COMSovereign.com . The information on our website is not part
of this Annual Report. 

Report of the Audit Committee of the Board
of Directors 

Our audit committee has reviewed and discussed
the audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 with our management. Our audit committee also has discussed
with the independent registered public accounting firm the matters required to be discussed by Auditing Standard No. 1301, Communications
with Audit Committees, as adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ). In addition, our audit committee
has received the written disclosures and the letter from the independent registered public accounting firm required by applicable requirements
of the PCAOB regarding the independent registered accountants firm s communications with the audit committee concerning independence,
and has discussed with our independent registered public accounting firm the accounting firm s independence. Based on the foregoing,
our audit committee has recommended to our Board that the audited financial statements be included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Submitted by the Audit Committee, 

Bill J. White, Chair 

Richard J. Berman 

Kay Kapoor 

James A. Marks 

Compensation Committee 

The compensation committee is responsible for,
among other matters: 

reviewing key employee compensation goals, policies, plans and programs; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of our directors, chief executive officer and other executive officers; 

producing an annual report on executive compensation in accordance with the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC; 

reviewing and approving employment agreements and other similar arrangements between us and our executive officers; and 

administering our stock plans and other incentive compensation plans. 

Our compensation committee consists of hour of
our directors, Richard J. Berman, Kay Kapoor James A. Marks, and Bill J. White, each of whom meets the definition of independent
director under the rules of Nasdaq and the definition of non-employee director under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange
Act. Ms. Kapoor serves as chair of our compensation committee. Our board of directors has adopted a written charter for the compensation
committee, which is available on our corporate website at www.COMSovereign.com . The information on our website is not part of this
Annual Report. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of our executive officers currently serves,
or in the past fiscal year has served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of another entity that had one
or more of its executive officers serving as a member of our board of directors or compensation committee. None of the members of our
compensation committee, when appointed, will have at any time been one of our officers or employees. 

47 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our nominating and corporate governance committee
will be responsible for, among other matters: 

determining the qualifications, qualities, skills and other expertise required to be a director and developing and recommending to the board for its approval criteria to be considered in selecting nominees for director; 

identifying and screening individuals qualified to become members of our board of directors, consistent with criteria approved by our board of directors; 

overseeing the organization of our board of directors to discharge our board s duties and responsibilities properly and efficiently; 

reviewing the committee structure of the board of directors and the composition of such committees and recommending directors to be appointed to each committee and committee chair; 

identifying best practices and recommending corporate governance principles; and 

developing and recommending to our board of directors a set of corporate governance guidelines and principles applicable to us. 

Our nominating and corporate governance committee
consists of three of our directors, Bill J. White, Kay Kapoor and James A. Marks, each of whom meets the definition of independent
director under the rules of Nasdaq. Mr. Marks serves as chair of our nominating and corporate governance committee. Our board of
directors has adopted a written charter for the nominating and corporate governance committee, which is available on our corporate website
at www.COMSovereign.com . The information on our website is not part of this Annual Report. 

Other Committees 

Our board of directors may establish other committees
as it deems necessary or appropriate from time to time. 

Director Term Limits 

Our board of directors has not adopted policies
imposing an arbitrary term or retirement age limit in connection with individuals serving as directors as it does not believe that such
a limit is in the best interests of our Company. Our nominating and corporate governance committee will annually review the composition
of our board of directors, including the age and tenure of individual directors. Our board of directors will strive to achieve a balance
between the desirability of its members having a depth of relevant experience, on the one hand, and the need for renewal and new perspectives,
on the other hand. 

Diversity Policy 

Our board of directors is committed to nominating
the best individuals to fulfill director and executive roles. Our board has not adopted policies relating to the identification and nomination
of diverse directors and executives and as it does not believe that it is necessary in the case of our Company to have such written policies
at this time. Our board of directors believes that diversity is important to ensure that board members and senior management provide the
necessary range of perspectives, experience and expertise, as well as a diversity of personal characteristics that may include, but are
not limited to, gender, race, ethnicity, national origin, sexual orientation, age, and geography, required to achieve effective stewardship
and management. We have not adopted a target regarding diversity on our board or regarding diversity in executive officer positions as
our board believes that such arbitrary targets are not appropriate for our Company. 

Board Diversity Matrix 

Total Number of Directors 
 5 

Female 
 Male 
 Non-Binary 
 Did Not 
Disclose 
Gender 
 
 Gender: 

Directors 
 
 1 
 
 4 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Number of Directors Who Identify in Any of the Categories Below: 

African American or Black 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Alaskan Native or Native American 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 South Asian 
 
 1 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Hispanic or Latinx 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 White 
 
 0 
 
 4 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Two or More Races or Ethnicities 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 

LGBTQ+ 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Persons with Disabilities 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 Did Not Disclose Demographic Background 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 
 
 0 

48 

Risk Oversight 

Our board of directors oversees the risk management
activities designed and implemented by our management. Our board of directors executes its oversight responsibility for risk management
both directly and through its committees. The full board of directors also considers specific risk topics, including risks associated
with our strategic plan, business operations and capital structure. In addition, our board of directors regularly receives detailed reports
from members of our senior management and other personnel that include assessments and potential mitigation of the risks and exposures
involved with their respective areas of responsibility. 

Our board of directors has delegated to the audit
committee oversight of our risk management process. Our other board committees also consider and address risk as they perform their respective
committee responsibilities. All committees report to the full board of directors as appropriate, including when a matter rises to the
level of a material or enterprise level risk. 

Stockholder Communications with the Board of
Directors 

Our board of directors has adopted a formal process
by which stockholders may communicate with our board of directors or any of its directors. Stockholders who wish to communicate with our
board of directors may do so by sending written communications addressed to: General Counsel and Secretary of COMSovereign Holding Corp.,
6890 E Sunrise Drive, #120-506, Tucson, AZ 85750. These communications will be reviewed by the General Counsel and Secretary of COMSovereign,
who will determine whether the communication is appropriate for presentation to our board of directors or the relevant director. The purpose
of this screening is to allow our board of directors to avoid having to consider irrelevant or inappropriate communications (such as advertisements,
solicitations and hostile communications). The screening procedures have been approved by a majority of the independent directors. All
communications directed to our audit committee that relate to questionable accounting or auditing matters will be promptly and directly
forwarded to our audit committee. 

Legal Proceedings 

To our knowledge, our directors and executive
officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 to our knowledge, except as included in the biographical information included herein with respect to our executive officers and directors, any bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. 
 any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. 
 being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities or to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 

4. 
 being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the CFTC to have violated a Federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. 
 being the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

6. 
 being the subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Code of Ethics 

Our board of directors has adopted a Code of Business
Conduct and Ethics Code of Ethics that applies to all of our employees, including our chief executive officer, chief financial
officer and principal accounting officer. Our Code of Ethics will be available on our website at www.COMSovereign.com by clicking
on Investors. If we amend or grant a waiver of one or more of the provisions of our Code of Ethics, we intend to satisfy
the requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding the disclosure of amendments to or waivers from provisions of our Code
of Ethics that apply to our principal executive officer, financial and accounting officers by posting the required information on our
website at the above address within four business days of such amendment or waiver. The information on our website is not part of this
Annual Report. 

Our board of directors, management and all employees
of our Company are committed to implementing and adhering to the Code of Ethics. Therefore, it is up to each individual to comply with
the Code of Ethics and to be in compliance of the Code of Ethics. If an individual is concerned that there has been a violation of the
Code of Ethics, he or she will be able to report in good faith to his or her superior. While a record of such reports will be kept confidential
by our Company for the purposes of investigation, the report may be made anonymously and no individual making such a report will be subject
to any form of retribution. 

49 

Executive Officers 

The following table sets forth the names and ages
of our named executive officers and the positions held by each. Our board of directors elects our executive officers annually by majority
vote. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions and Offices 
 
 David A. Knight 
 
 61 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, and Acting Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 Dustin H. McIntire 
 
 49 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 
 Kevin M. Sherlock 
 
 62 
 
 General Counsel and Secretary 

Executive Officers who are not Directors 

The following sets forth certain information about
the experience and attributes of our executive officers who are not directors: 

Dustin H. McIntire , Ph.D .
was appointed our Chief Technology Officer upon the closing of our acquisition of ComSovereign in November 2019.
Dr. McIntire is an electrical design engineer with more than 20 years of experience designing hardware and software for
embedded and consumer electronics, wireless communications systems, and the Internet of Things. Additionally, he has an acute broad
area expertise over several technological fields and is a skilled technologist and systems architect with a history of successfully
leading projects and teams from concept through production utilizing extensive background in computer architecture, low power
circuits, embedded software, and communications protocols. He possesses a sharp ability to architect, design, fabricate, and
manufacture successful products from concept to high volume production. Examples include co-founding of a cloud-based SaaS company
providing IoT services, hosting hundreds of thousands of devices for multiple Fortune 500 companies and developing a scalable edge
computing system to perform distributed tracking using multimodal sensing assets. Companies he has led as either Chief Technologist,
Chief Technology Officer or Chief Executive Officer include Tranzeo Wireless Technologies, Inc., Arrayent, Inc., Prodeo Systems,
Inc. and Silver-Bullet Technology, Inc. He holds a B.S. from Stanford, and M.S. and Ph.D. degrees in Electrical Engineering from
UCLA. 

Kevin M. Sherlock was appointed
our General Counsel and Secretary in January 2020. Prior to joining our Company, Mr. Sherlock was a partner in the law firm of Heurlin Sherlock,
PC, in Tucson, Arizona, which he co-founded in 2008 and where he focused primarily on business litigation, securities arbitration, and
security clearance matters. While in the private practice of law, Mr. Sherlock also gained experience in corporate structures and mergers
and acquisition work. Mr. Sherlock is licensed to practice law in Washington D.C., Florida and Arizona. Mr. Sherlock earned a Bachelor
of Science degree in Multinational Business Operations from Florida State University and a Juris Doctorate from Georgetown University
Law Center. 

Delinquent Section 16(A) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires
our directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities, to file with the
SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities. Officers, directors
and greater than 10 stockholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

To our knowledge, based solely on a review of
the copies of such reports furnished to us and written representations that no other reports were required, during the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2022, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners
of our capital stock were complied with. 

50 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION . 

Summary Compensation Table 

Stock 
 Option 
 All Other 

Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) (1) 
 ) (2) 
 ) (3) 
 ) 
 
 Daniel L. Hodges (4) 
 2022 
 110,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 23,300 
 133,300 
 
 Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 250,000 
 - 
 - 
 3,409,550 
 16,641 
 3,676,191 

David A. Knight (5) 
 2022 
 60,000 
 60,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 120,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, and Acting Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Dustin H. McIntire (6) 
 2022 
 225,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 22,342 
 247,342 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 2021 
 225,000 
 - 
 - 
 460,750 
 16,830 
 702,580 

Kevin M. Sherlock (7) 
 2022 
 225,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 6,768 
 231,768 
 
 Secretary and General Counsel 
 2021 
 225,000 
 - 
 - 
 460,750 
 316 
 686,066 

John E. Howell (8) 
 2022 
 160,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 7,067 
 167,067 
 
 Former President 
 2021 
 250,000 
 - 
 - 
 1,035,766 
 5,107 
 1,290,873 

(1) Amounts shown in the Stock Awards column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value calculated
in accordance with FASB ASC 718 for the respective fiscal year with respect to shares of restricted stock granted to our named executive
officers. Amounts reflect our accounting for these awards and do not necessarily correspond to the actual values that may be realized
by our named executive officers. The grant date fair values of shares of restricted stock and immediately vested shares were determined
as of the grant date using the closing bid price of our common stock on the grant date. Pursuant to SEC rules, we disregarded the estimates
of forfeitures related to service-based vesting conditions. See the Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End table in
this Annual Report and related notes. 

(2) Amounts shown in the Stock Options column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value calculated
in accordance with FASB ASC 718 for the respective fiscal year with respect to options granted to our named executive officers. Amounts
reflect our accounting for these option grants and do not necessarily correspond to the actual values that may be realized by our named
executive officers. The grant date fair values of these option grants were calculated at the grant date using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model. The assumptions used for the valuations are set forth in Note 16 Share-Based Compensation in the Notes included
elsewhere in this Annual Report. Pursuant to SEC rules, we disregarded the estimates of forfeitures related to service-based vesting conditions.
See the Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End table in this Annual Report and related notes for information with
respect to stock options. 

(3) Reflects amounts paid for health insurance coverage benefits. 

(4) Daniel L. Hodges resigned effective on September 1, 2022. Of the salary earned by Mr. Hodges in 2022 through
his resignation, approximately 65,000 was paid in 2022 and the unpaid balance has been accrued and remains unpaid. All of Mr. Hodges s
Option Awards expired on or before November 11, 2022. 

(5) On September 1, 2022, David A. Knight was appointed Interim Chief Executive Officer. Effective November
23, 2022, Mr. Knight was appointed Chief Executive Officer, President, Acting Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, and a Director.
The salary and bonus earned by Mr. Knight in 2022 has been accrued and remains unpaid. 

(6) Dustin H. McIntire was appointed our Chief Technology Officer on November 27, 2019 in connection with
consummation of our acquisition of ComSovereign. Of the salary earned by Mr. McIntire in 2022 approximately 65,000 was paid in 2022 and
the unpaid balance has been accrued and remains unpaid. 

(7) Kevin M. Sherlock was appointed our General Counsel on January 1, 2020. Of the salary earned by Mr. Sherlock
in 2022, approximately 65,000 was paid in 2022 and the unpaid balance has been accrued and remains unpaid. 

(8) John E. Howell resigned effective on September 1, 2022. Of the salary earned by Mr. Hodges through his
resignation, approximately 70,000 was paid in 2022 has been accrued and remains unpaid. All of Mr. Howell s Option Awards expired
on or before November 11, 2022. 

51 

Employment Contracts and Potential Payments Upon Termination or
Change in Control 

We have entered into employment agreements with
our executive officers as follows: 

Initial Term of Executive 
 
 Title 
 
 Date of Agreement 
 
 Agreement 
 
 David A. Knight 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, and Acting Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 November 23, 2022 
 
 No term specified 
 
 Dustin H. McIntire 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 
 December 2, 2019 
 
 Four Years 
 
 Kevin M. Sherlock 
 
 General Counsel and Secretary 
 
 December 2, 2019 
 
 Four Years 

The employment memo for Mr. Knight does not specify
any term. Unless earlier terminated, at the end of the initial term, the employment agreements for Mr. McIntire and Mr. Sherlock each
agreement automatically renews for additional an additional one-year term until cancelled. 

The following is a summary of the current compensation
arrangements set forth in each employment agreement described above: 

Executive 
 Title 
 Annual Base 
Salary 
 
 David A. Knight 
 Chief Executive Officer, President, and Acting Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 180,000 
 
 Dustin H. McIntire 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 225,000 
 
 Kevin M. Sherlock 
 General Counsel and Secretary 
 225,000 

Each executive officer is also eligible to receive
an employee incentive stock option grant each year during the term, as determined by the Compensation Committee of our board of directors,
with a strike price equal to that of the other corporate officers and directors under that current year s approved option grants.
The executives shall have no rights to any portions of any option grant until the vesting of such grant. 

Under the employment memo with Mr. Knight, he
would be entitled to severance in the event we terminate his employment without cause before reaching 1 year of service consisting of
3 months of salary, benefits, and prorated bonus, and 6 months of salary, benefits, and prorated bonus if we terminate his employment
without cause after reaching 1 year of service. Under the employment agreements with Mr. McIntire and Mr. Sherlock, the executive will
be entitled to severance in the event we terminate his employment without Cause (as defined in the employment agreement), or he resigns
from his employment for Good Reason (as defined in the employment agreement). The severance amount for would be (i) his pro rata
base salary through the date of termination, and (ii) a severance amount equal to 12 months salary. 

In connection with the execution of such employment
agreement, each executive also executed our standard employee agreements containing customary confidentiality restrictions and work-product
provisions, as well as customary non-competition covenants and non-solicitation covenants with respect to our employees, consultants and
customers. 

52 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The following table provides information as of
December 31, 2022 regarding our compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance: 

Plan Category 
 Number of 
 Securities to 
be Issued 
 Upon 
 Exercise of 
 Outstanding 
 Options, 
 Warrants 
 and Rights 
 Weighted- Average 
 Exercise 
 Price of 
 Outstanding 
 Options, 
 Warrants and 
 Rights 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Remaining 
 Available 
for Future 
 Issuance 
 Under Equity 
 Compensation 
 Plans 
 (Excluding 
 Securities 
 Reflected 
in Column (a) 
 
 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan - Equity compensation plan approved by security holders 
 22,621 
 226 
 57,982 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 3,933 
 208 
 - 
 
 Total 
 26,554 
 223 
 57,982 

On February 8, 2023, the authorized shares under the 2020 Long-Term
Incentive Plan were increased by 300,000 shares on a post-split basis. 

Equity Incentive Plans 

2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan . On
April 22, 2020, our board of directors adopted our 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan to provide an additional
means to attract, motivate, retain and reward selected employees and other eligible persons. On May 5, 2020, our stockholders approved
that plan. On a post-reverse split basis, the 2020 Plan started with 33,334 shares of the Company s common stock available for award
under the Plan. On February 25, 2021, our board of directors adopted a resolution proposing to add, on a post-reverse split basis, 50,000
shares of the Company s common stock to the 2020 Plan, which was approved by our stockholders on June 25, 2021. On November 21,
2022, our board of directors adopted a resolution proposing to add 300,000 shares of the Company s common stock to the 2020 Plan,
which was approved by our stockholders on February 8, 2023 on a post-split basis. 

Our board of directors, or one or more committees
appointed by our Board or another committee (within delegated authority), administers the 2020 Incentive Plan. The administrator of the
2020 Incentive Plan has broad authority to: 

select participants and determine the types of awards that they
are to receive; 

determine the number of shares that are to be subject to awards
and the terms and conditions of awards, including the price (if any) to be paid for the shares or the award and establish the vesting
conditions (if applicable) of such shares or awards; 

cancel, modify or waive our rights with respect to, or modify,
discontinue, suspend or terminate any or all outstanding awards, subject to any required consents; 

construe and interpret the terms of the 2020 Incentive Plan
and any agreements relating to the Plan; 

accelerate or extend the vesting or exercisability or extend
the term of any or all outstanding awards subject to any required consent; 

subject to the other provisions of the 2020 Incentive Plan,
make certain adjustments to an outstanding award and authorize the termination, conversion, substitution or succession of an award; and 

allow the purchase price of an award or shares of our common
stock to be paid in the form of cash, check or electronic funds transfer, by the delivery of previously-owned shares of our common stock
or by a reduction of the number of shares deliverable pursuant to the award, by services rendered by the recipient of the award, by notice
and third party payment or cashless exercise on such terms as the administrator may authorize or any other form permitted by law. 

A total of 383,334 shares of our common stock
are authorized for issuance with respect to awards granted under the 2020 Incentive Plan. Any shares subject to awards that are not paid,
delivered or exercised before they expire or are cancelled or terminated, or fail to vest, as well as shares used to pay the purchase
or exercise price of awards or related tax withholding obligations, will become available for other award grants under the 2020 Incentive
Plan. As of September 30, 2023, stock option grants to purchase an aggregate of 58,655 shares of common stock have been issued under the
2020 Incentive Plan, of which 2,732 have been exercised, 33,303 were forfeited, and 357,982 shares remain available under the 2020 Incentive
Plan remain available for award purposes. 

Awards under the 2020 Incentive Plan may be in
the form of incentive or nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock bonuses, restricted stock, stock units and other
forms of awards including cash awards. The administrator may also grant awards under the plan that are intended to be performance-based
awards within the meaning of Section 162(m) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code. Awards under the plan generally will not be transferable
other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, except that the plan administrator may authorize certain transfers. 

53 

Nonqualified and incentive stock options may not
be granted at prices below the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant. Incentive stock options must have an exercise
price that is at least equal to the fair market value of our common stock, or 110 of fair market value of our common stock in the case
of incentive stock option grants to any 10 owner of our common stock, on the date of grant. These and other awards may also be issued
solely or in part for services. Awards are generally paid in cash or shares of our common stock. The plan administrator may provide for
the deferred payment of awards and may determine the terms applicable to deferrals. 

As is customary in incentive plans of this nature,
the number and type of shares available under the 2020 Incentive Plan and any outstanding awards, as well as the exercise or purchase
prices of awards, will be subject to adjustment in the event of certain reorganizations, mergers, combinations, recapitalizations, stock
splits, stock dividends or other similar events that change the number or kind of shares outstanding, and extraordinary dividends or distributions
of property to the stockholders. In no case (except due to an adjustment referred to above or any repricing that may be approved by our
stockholders) will any adjustment be made to a stock option or stock appreciation right award under the 2020 Incentive Plan (by amendment,
cancellation and re-grant, exchange or other means) that would constitute a repricing of the per-share exercise or base price of the award. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table sets forth outstanding equity
awards to our named executive officers as of December 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of 
 securities 
 underlying 
 unexercised options 
 exercisable 
 (#) 
 Number of 
 securities 
 underlying 
 unexercised options 
 unexercisable 
 (#) 
 Option exercise 
 price ) 
 Option expiration 
 date 
 
 Dustin H. McIntire, Ph.D 

Stock Options Grant - Qualified 
 364 
 727 
 275 
 4/1/2026 
 
 Stock Options Grant - Nonqualified 
 470 
 939 
 275 
 4/1/2026 

Kevin M. Sherlock 

Stock Options Grant - Qualified 
 364 
 727 
 275 
 4/1/2026 
 
 Stock Options Grant - Nonqualified 
 470 
 939 
 275 
 4/1/2026 

On April 1, 2021, Dustin McIntire
was awarded 1,091 qualified stock option grants and 1,409 non-qualified stock option grants. These stock option grants vest in three equal
installments on the first, second and third anniversaries of continued employment from the grant date of April 1, 2021. 

On April 1, 2021, Kevin M. Sherlock was awarded 1,091 qualified stock
option grants and 1,409 non-qualified stock option grants. These stock option grants vest in three equal installments on the first, second
and third anniversaries of continued employment from the grant date of April 1, 2021. 

Director Compensation 

Our non-employee director compensation program
is designed to attract and retain qualified individuals to serve on our board of directors. Our board of directors, on the recommendation
of our compensation committee, will be responsible for reviewing and approving any changes to the directors compensation arrangements.
In consideration for serving on our board of directors, each director (other than excluded directors) will be paid an annual retainer.
All directors will be reimbursed for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred while serving as directors. 

On April 1, 2021, the Compensation Committee of
our Board adopted a 2021 director compensation program for the non-employee members of our board of directors. 

Cash Compensation . Under such program,
we accrued for each non-employee director a quarterly payable of 60,000 per year for service on our board of directors. 

Equity Awards . In 2021, each non-employee
director also received an award of five-year nonqualified stock options to purchase 200,000 shares (225,000 shares for Mr. Berman) of
our common stock at a purchase price of 275.00 per share, of which 50 of such options vested on April 1, 2022 and 50 of such options
vested on April 1, 2023. Each non-employee director was also eligible to receive grants of stock options, each in an amount designated
by the Compensation Committee of our board of directors, from any equity compensation plan approved by the Compensation Committee of our
Board. 

In addition to such compensation, we reimbursed
each non-employee director for all pre-approved expenses within 30 days of receiving satisfactory written documentation setting out
the expense actually incurred by such director. These include reasonable transportation and lodging costs incurred for attendance at any
meeting of our Board. 

54 

The following table sets forth the director compensation
we paid in the year ended December 31, 2022, excluding compensation to the Excluded Directors, which is set forth in the summary compensation
table of our executive officers above. 

Fees Earned 
Or Paid In Cash 
 Stock 
Awards 
 Option 
Awards 
 All Other 
Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 )
 (1) 
 )
 (2) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Richard J. Berman (3) 
 2022 
 75,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 75,000 
 
 Kay Kapoor (4) 
 2022 
 60,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 60,000 
 
 James A. Marks (5) 
 2022 
 60,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 60,000 
 
 Former
 Director: David V. Aguilar (6) 
 2022 
 15,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 15,000 
 
 Former
 Director: Brent M. Davies (7) 
 2022 
 45,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 45,000 

(1) Amounts shown in the Stock Awards column represent the dollar amount recognized for financial
statement reporting purposes with respect to the fair value of securities granted in accordance with ASC Topic 718, Compensation 
Stock Compensation. Pursuant to SEC rules, the amounts shown exclude the impact of estimated forfeitures related to service-based vesting
conditions. These amounts reflect our accounting expense for these awards, and do not correspond to the actual value that may be realized
upon exercise. 

(2) Amounts shown in the Option Awards column reflect the aggregate grant date fair value calculated
in accordance with FASB ASC 718 for the respective fiscal year with respect to options granted to our directors. Amounts reflect our accounting
for these option grants and do not necessarily correspond to the actual values that may be realized by our directors. The grant date fair
values of these option grants were calculated at the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 

(3) Mr. Berman was appointed to our board of directors in connection with our acquisition of ComSovereign
on November 27, 2019. Mr. Berman was reelected a director at the February 8, 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. Mr. Berman earned 75,000
in board fees for 2022, which amount has been accrued and is unpaid. As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Berman had an aggregate of 2,250 option
awards outstanding at a purchase price of 275.00 per share. 

(4) Ms. Kapoor was appointed to our board of directors on January 21, 2021. Ms. Kapoor was elected a director
at the February 8, 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. Ms. Kapoor earned 60,000 in board fees for 2022, which amount has been accrued
and is unpaid. Ms. Kapoor was granted a restricted stock award of 667 shares (on a post spit basis) of our common stock in 2021, which
shares vested in two equal tranches on the first and second anniversaries of her service on our board of directors. We recognized a 150,000
expense in 2022 related to such restricted stock grant. As of December 31, 2022, Ms. Kapoor had an aggregate of 2,000 option awards outstanding
at a purchase price of 275.00 per share. 

(5) Mr. Marks was appointed to our board of directors in connection with our acquisition of ComSovereign on
November 27, 2019. Mr. Marks was reelected a director at the February 8, 2023 annual meeting of stockholders. Mr. Marks earned 60,000
in board fees for 2022, which amount has been accrued and is unpaid. As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Marks had an aggregate of 2,000 option
awards outstanding at a purchase price of 275.00 per share. 

(6) On April 27, 2022, Mr. Aguilar resigned from the board to pursue personal and other business commitments.
Mr. Aguilar earned 15,000 in board fees for 2022, which amount has been accrued and is unpaid. All of Mr. Aguilar s Option Awards
expired on or before July 26, 2022. 

(7) On October 10, 2022 Mr. Davies resigned from the board to pursue personal and other business commitments.
Mr. Davies earned 45,000 in board fees for 2022, which amount has been accrued and is unpaid. All of Mr. Davies s Option Awards
expired on or before January 9, 2023. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial
ownership of our common stock as of December 6, 2023 by: 

each person known by us to be a beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 

each of our directors; 

each of our named executive officers; and 

all directors and executive officers as a group. 

The amounts and percentages of common stock beneficially
owned are reported on the basis of regulations of the SEC governing the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. Under the
rules of the SEC, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, 
which includes the power to vote or to direct the voting of such security, or investment power, which includes the power
to dispose of or to direct the disposition of such security. A person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which
that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days after December 6, 2023. Under these rules, more than one
person may be deemed a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed a beneficial owner of securities as to which
he has no economic interest. Except as indicated by footnote, to our knowledge, the persons named in the table below have sole voting
and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. 

55 

In the table below, the percentage of beneficial ownership
of our common stock is based on 2,695,571 shares of our common stock outstanding as of December 6, 2023 plus that amount of our securities
of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days after December 6, 2023. Unless otherwise noted below,
the address of the persons listed on the table is c/o COMSovereign Holding Corp., 6890 E Sunrise Drive, #120-506, Tucson, AZ 85750. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage of Class( (1) 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors 

David A. Knight 
 - 

Dustin H. McIntire (2) 
 17,467 

Kevin M. Sherlock (3) 
 3,621 

Richard J. Berman (4) 
 6,960 

Kay Kapoor (5) 
 2,667 

James A. Marks (6) 
 5,188 

Bill J. White (7) 
 - 

5 Shareholders - None 

None 
 - 

All current executive officers and directors as a Group (7 persons) 
 35,903 
 1.3 

less than 1 

(1) The percentages in the table have been calculated on the basis of treating as outstanding for a particular
person, all shares of our capital stock outstanding on December 6, 2023, excluding treasury stock. On December 6, 2023, there were 2,695,571
shares of our common stock outstanding. To calculate a stockholder s percentage of beneficial ownership, we include in the numerator
and denominator the common stock outstanding and all shares of our common stock issuable to that person in the event of the exercise of
outstanding options and other derivative securities owned by that person which are exercisable within 60 days of December 6, 2023. Common
stock options and derivative securities held by other stockholders are disregarded in this calculation. Therefore, the denominator used
in calculating beneficial ownership among our stockholders may differ. Unless we have indicated otherwise, each person named in the table
has sole voting power and sole investment power for the shares listed opposite such person s name. 

(2) Includes 15,319 shares held directly by Mr. McIntire, and 480 shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding
warrants and 1,668 shares of common stock underlying options that are exercisable by Mr. McIntire. 

(3) Includes 1,953 shares held by the Kevin M. Sherlock Revocable Trust, and 1,668 shares of common stock
underlying options that are exercisable by Mr. Sherlock. Mr. Sherlock has voting and dispositive control over the shares held by the trust. 

(4) Includes 4,282 shares held directly by Mr. Berman, 428 shares issuable upon the exercise of outstanding
warrants and 2,250 shares of common stock underlying options that are exercisable by Mr. Mr. Berman. 

(5) Includes 667 shares held directly by Ms. Kapoor that were a restricted stock award made in January 2021
which shares vest in two equal tranches on the first and second anniversaries of her service on our board, and 2,000 shares of common
stock underlying options that are exercisable by Ms. Kapoor. We recognized a 150,000 expense in 2022 related to such restricted stock
grant. 

(6) Represents 2,854 shares held directly by Mr. Marks, 334 shares held by Spidernet, Inc., and 2,000 shares
of common stock underlying options that are exercisable by Mr. Marks. Mr. Marks has voting and dispositive control over the shares held
by Spidernet, Inc. 

From time to time, the number of our shares held
in the street name accounts of various securities dealers for the benefit of their clients or in centralized securities
depositories may exceed 5 of the total shares of our common stock outstanding. 

56 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Procedures for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

A related party transaction is any
actual or proposed transaction, arrangement or relationship or series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships, including
those involving indebtedness not in the ordinary course of business, to which we or our subsidiaries were or are a party, or in which
we or our subsidiaries were or are a participant, in which the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of (i) 120,000 or (ii) one
percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any related party had or will
have a direct or indirect material interest. A related party includes: 

any person who is, or at any time during the applicable period was, one of our executive officers or one of our directors; 

any person who beneficially owns more than 5 of our common stock; 

any immediate family member of any of the foregoing; or 

any entity in which any of the foregoing is a partner or principal or in a similar position or in which such person has a 10 or greater beneficial ownership interest. 

In April 2020, our board of directors adopted
a written related-party transactions policy. Pursuant to this policy, the Audit Committee of our board of directors will review all material
facts of all related-party transactions and either approve or disapprove entry into the related-party transaction, subject to certain
limited exceptions. In determining whether to approve or disapprove entry into a related-party transaction, our Audit Committee shall
take into account, among other factors, the following: (i) whether the related-party transaction is on terms no less favorable to
us than terms generally available from an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances; (ii) the extent of the
related party s interest in the transaction; and (iii) whether the transaction would impair the independence of a non-employee
director. 

Related Party Transactions 

Other than compensation arrangements for our named
executive officers and directors, which we describe above, the only related party transactions to which we were a party during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 or any currently proposed related party transaction, are as follows: 

On April 1, 2022, Dustin H. McIntire, our CTO,
loaned 100,000 to the Company. The Company gave Mr. McIntire an unsecured promissory note for the 100,000 loan, with three per cent
(3 interest. On March 31, 2023, the Company amended the note to extend the maturity date to December 31, 2023 with an interest rate
of 5.5 commencing on April 1, 2023. 

On September 1, 2023, Dustin H. McIntire, our
CTO, loaned 260,000 to the Company which was used to secure a software license for the Company. Upon being notified of the proposed loan,
the Audit Committee reviewed the transaction under the Company s related party transaction policy and approved the transaction.
The Company issued Mr. McIntire a secured convertible promissory note for the 260,000 loan, with eight per cent (8 interest, secured
by the software license. See Note 22 Subsequent Events Business Developments and Debt and Equity Developments. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

The following table summarizes the aggregate fees
billed to the Company by Marcum LLP, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 676,670 
 627,922 
 
 Audit-related fees (2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax fees (3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 676,670 
 627,922 

(1) Audit fees consist of fees billed for services rendered by our independent auditors during the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 for the audit and review of our financial statements. 

(2) Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related
to the performance of the audit or review of the consolidated financial statements of the Company and are not reported under Audit
fees. For the periods indicated these fees primarily related to miscellaneous professional services. 

(3) Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for tax compliance, advice and planning.
For the periods indicated these services included assistance regarding federal and state tax compliance and consultations regarding various
income tax issues. 

57 

PART IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES . 

(1) 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto begin on page F-1 of this report immediately after the signature page. 

Index to Financial Statements : 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID Numbers 688) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-7 F-8 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-9 F-41 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: All schedules have been omitted because the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the Notes thereto, or because it is not required. 

58 

(3) 
 Exhibits: 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Incorporation by Reference 

Form 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 3.1 
 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 -- 

-- 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws 
 
 -- 

-- 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock 
 
 8-A 
 
 10/26/2021 
 
 3.2 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Registered Securities 
 
 -- 

-- 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant Agency Agreement dated January 26, 2021 between the Company and ClearTrust, LLC, including form of Warrant Certificate 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/27/2021 
 
 10.1 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note of the Company dated January 29, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 2/4/2021 
 
 4.2 
 
 10.1 
 
 COMSovereign Holding Corp. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as amended 

10.2# 
 
 Employment Memo dated November 29, 2022 between the Company and David Knight# 
 
 8-K 
 
 11/29/2022 
 
 99.1 
 
 10.3# 
 
 Employment Agreement dated December 2, 2019 between the Company and Dr. Dustin McIntire, Ph.D.# 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/12/2019 
 
 10.3 
 
 10.4# 
 
 Employment Agreement dated January 2, 2020 between the Company and Kevin M. Sherlock# 
 
 8-K 
 
 1/8/2020 
 
 10.2 
 
 10.5 
 
 Warrant dated May 27, 2021 between the Company and Lind Global Asset Management IV, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 6/3/2021 
 
 10.3 
 
 10.6 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated August 25, 2021 between the Company and Lind Global Fund II LP 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/30/2021 
 
 10.1 
 
 10.7 
 
 Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated August 25, 2021 of the Company issued to Lind Global Fund II LP 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/30/2021 
 
 10.2 
 
 10.8 
 
 Warrant dated August 25, 2021 of the Company issued to Lind Global Fund II LP 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/30/2021 
 
 10.3 
 
 10.9 
 
 Amended and Restated Security Agreement dated August 25, 2021 between the Company and Lind Global Asset Management IV, LLC and Lind Global Fund II LP 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/30/2021 
 
 10.4 
 
 10.10 
 
 Amended and Restated Guaranty dated August 25, 2021 of the Subsidiaries of the Company in favor of Lind Global Asset Management IV, LLC and Lind Global Fund II LP 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/30/2021 
 
 10.5 

10.11 
 
 Amended and Restated Security Agreement dated August 25, 2021 among the Subsidiaries of the Company and Lind Global Asset Management IV, LLC and Lind Global Fund II LP 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/30/2021 
 
 10.6 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Patent Security Agreement dated August 25, 2021 between certain Subsidiaries of the Company and Lind Global Asset Management IV, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/30/2021 
 
 10.7 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Trademark Security Agreement dated August 25, 2021 between certain Subsidiaries of the Company and Lind Global Asset Management IV, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/30/2021 
 
 10.8 
 
 10.14 
 
 First Amendment and Limited Waiver dated August 25, 2021 to the Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 27, 2021 between the Company and Lind Global Asset Management IV, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/30/2021 
 
 10.9 
 
 10.15 
 
 Amended and Restated Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated May 27, 2021 of the Company issued to Lind Global Asset Management IV, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/30/2021 
 
 10.10 
 
 10.16 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement dated August 17. 2021 between the Company, Saguna Networks Ltd. and Shareholders Representative 
 
 8-K 
 
 8/20/2021 
 
 10.1 
 
 10.17 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement dated December 22. 2022 between the Company, Sky Sovereign, Inc., Sky Sapience Ltd., and Titan Innovations Ltd. 
 
 8-K 
 
 12/22/2022 
 
 10.1 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 -- 

-- 
 
 21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 
 -- 

-- 
 
 23 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 -- 

-- 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 -- 

-- 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 -- 

-- 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 -- 

-- 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certifications of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 -- 

-- 
 
 101 INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101 SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101 CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation LinkbaseDocument. 

101 DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition LinkbaseDocument. 

101 LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101 PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation LinkbaseDocument. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as InlineXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

# 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed herewith. 

Portions of this exhibit have been redacted in compliance with Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. Schedules, exhibits and similar supporting attachments to this exhibit are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. We agree to furnish a supplemental copy of any omitted schedule or similar attachment to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

ITEM 16.
FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

59 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

COMSOVEREIGN
 HOLDING CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 David A. Knight 

David A. Knight 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: December
 6, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 David A. Knight 

David A. Knight 

Acting Chief Financial
 Officer 

(Acting Principal Financial
 and 
 Accounting Officer) 

Date: December
 6, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in their capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 David A. Knight 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive
 Officer 
 
 December
 6, 2023 
 
 David A. Knight 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 David A. Knight 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 December
 6, 2023 
 
 David A. Knight 
 
 (Acting Principal Financial
 and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Richard J. Berman 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 6, 2023 
 
 Richard J. Berman 

/s/
 Kay Kapoor 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 6, 2023 
 
 Kay Kapoor 

/s/
 James A. Marks 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 6, 2023 
 
 James A. Marks 

/s/
 Bill J. White 
 
 Director 
 
 December
 6, 2023 
 
 Bill J. White 

60 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Index to Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-5 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-7 F-8 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-9 F-41 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

COMSovereign
Holding Corp. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of COMSovereign Holding Corp. (the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders equity and cash
flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period
ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern Matter 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 4 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses, negative cash flows from operations and has limited
resources that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters
are described in Note 4. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does
not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters
below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Impairment
of Intangible Assets with Definite-Lives 

Description
of the Matter 

As
disclosed in Notes 2 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, long-lived assets including definite-lived intangibles are reviewed
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. The Company utilizes
an income approach using an undiscounted cash flow model to assess the recoverability of the definite-lived intangibles, comparing its
undiscounted cash flows to its carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds undiscounted cash flows, the Company will use a discounted
cash flow model to determine the fair value, and an impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the definite-lived intangible
assets exceeds fair value. During 2022 an impairment charge was recorded in the amount of 12.1 million. As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had definite-lived intangible assets with a net carrying value of approximately 1.4 million. 

Auditing
the Company s impairment tests for intangible assets with definite lives was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant
estimation in management s assumptions to calculate the undiscounted cash flows and the fair value estimate. These assumptions
can significantly affect the undiscounted cash flows and fair value of the intangible asset with definite lives. 

F- 2 

How
We Addressed the Matter in our Audit 

To
test the Company s impairment assessment for intangible assets with definite lives, we performed audit procedures that included
the following: 

We
 evaluated the Company s projected revenues and cash flows by comparing the projections
 to historical results, marketing plans and other relevant economic factors. 

We
 evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation methodology, the discount rates and royalty
 rates, and tested the impairment calculations for the intangible assets by verifying and
 recreating the valuation calculations. 

Impairment
of Goodwill 

Description
of the Matter 

As
reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements at December 31, 2022, the Company s goodwill was 7.3 million.
As disclosed in Notes 2 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually or more
frequently if indicators of impairment require the performance of an interim impairment assessment. As a result of these assessments,
management concluded that there was an impairment to goodwill for the year ended December 31, 2022, in the amount of 29.3 million. 

Auditing management s impairment tests of goodwill
is complex and highly judgmental due to the significant measurement uncertainty in determining the fair values of the reporting units.
In particular, the fair value estimates of the reporting units were sensitive to changes in significant assumptions such as discount rates,
revenue growth rates, operating margins, estimated spending on capital expenditures, terminal growth rates, and comparable company specific
information. These assumptions are affected by current and expected future market or economic conditions. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in our Audit 

Our audit procedures related to the selection of the
discount rates and forecasts of future net sales, operating margins, operating expenses, and other market and economic data of the reporting
units, included the following, among other: 

We obtained an understanding of the Company s process and related controls to evaluate goodwill for impairment. We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasts of future net sales, operating margins and operating expenses by comparing the forecasts to historical results, management s marketing plans, other relevant economic factors, and comparable company and industry information. We tested the mathematical accuracy of the valuation models and performed sensitivity analyses. 

We
 involved our valuation specialist to evaluate the reasonableness of the valuation methodology
 and market multiples. 

/s/
Marcum LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

December 6, 2023 

F- 3 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Note receivable current 
 
 -

Other current assets 

Assets held for sale current 
 
 -

Assets of discontinued operations current 
 -

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Note receivable long-term 
 
 -

Other assets long-term 
 -

Assets held for sale long-term 
 
 -

Assets of discontinued operations long-term 
 -

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders (Deficiency) Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued liabilities related party 
 -

Accrued payroll 

Contract liabilities, current 

Accrued warranty liability current 

Operating lease liabilities current 

Note payable related party 
 
 -

Current portion of debt; net of unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs 

Liabilities held for sale current 
 
 -

Liabilities of discontinued operations current 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Debt non-current 

Contract liabilities long term 

Operating lease liabilities long term 

Liabilities held for sale long-term 
 
 -

Liabilities of discontinued operations long-term 
 -

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 18) 

Stockholders (Deficiency) Equity 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock, shares designated, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and and shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Preferred dividend 
 -
 
 -

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock, at cost, shares as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total Stockholders (Deficiency) Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders (Deficiency) Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 4 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 
 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Research and development (1) 

Sales and marketing (1) 

General and administrative (1) 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment 

Loss on sales (ID, DWXC, RVI) (2) 
 
 -

Loss on lease abandonment 
 
 -

Gain on the sale of assets 

Total operating expenses, net 

Loss from operations 

Other expense 

Interest expense 

Other expense 
 -

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Foreign currency transaction gain 
 -

Total other expense 

Loss from continuing operations 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Net loss 

Dividend on preferred stock 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Net loss per share 

- Basic and diluted from continuing operations

- Basic and diluted from discontinued operations

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

- Basic and diluted

(1) 

(2) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 5 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Accumulated 

Total 

Additional 
 Other 

Stockholders 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Comprehensive 
 Treasury Stock 
 Accumulated 
 (Deficiency) 
 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Income 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance - January 1, 2021 
 -
 
 -

-

-

Common stock issued for exercise of options 
 - 
 -

-

-
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Common stock issued as vendor compensation 
 - 
 -

-

-
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Common stock and warrants issued for public offering (1) 
 -
 
 -

-

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Share-based compensation 
 - 
 -

-

-
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of warrants for extinguishment of debt and interest 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of warrants for debt issuance costs 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Common stock issuance for extinguishment of debt and interest 
 - 
 -

-

-
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Common stock issuance for RF Engineering Energy Resource, LLC acquisition 
 - 
 -

-

-
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Common stock issuance for Saguna Networks, LTD acquisition 
 - 
 -

-

-
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Common stock issuance for Innovation Digital, LLC acquisition 
 - 
 -

-

-
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Common stock issuance for RVision, Inc. acquisition 
 - 
 -

-

-
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Common stock issued for Sky Sapience Ltd. acquisition 
 - 
 -

-

-
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of preferred shares for public offering (2) 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Other comprehensive gain 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

- 
 -
 
 -

Preferred dividend 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2021 
 
 -

-

Issuance of common stock for conversion of debt 
 - 
 -

-

-
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for exercise of options 
 - 
 -

-

-
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for the debt placement agent 
 - 
 -

-

-
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

True-up of common stock outstanding 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeiture of restricted stock awards 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Preferred dividend 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Share-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -

Balance - December 31, 2022 
 
 -

-

(1) 

(2) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 6 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 
 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
 (Income) loss from discontinued operations, net of tax 

Depreciation 

Amortization 

Impairment expense 

Non-cash rent expense 

Inventory reserve 

Bad debt expense 

Loss on sales (ID, DWXC, RVI) (1) 
 
 -

Loss on lease abandonment 
 
 -

Gain on the sale of assets 

Share-based compensation 

Amortization of debt discounts and debt issuance costs 
 
 -

Default interest charge 
 
 -

Share-based vendor payments 
 -

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid expenses 

Other assets 

Note receivable 
 
 -

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest 

Accrued liabilities 

Contract liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Related party notes 

Other current liabilities 

Total Adjustments 

Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

Business acquisitions, net of cash received 
 -

Proceeds from building sale, net of transaction costs 
 
 -

Purchases of property and equipment 

Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment 
 -

Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Investing Activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of related party note 
 
 -

Proceeds from sale of common stock from offering 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of debt 

Proceeds from exercise of options 

Proceeds from the sale of preferred stock 
 -

Offering costs 
 -

Preferred stock dividend 

Debt issuance costs 
 -

Repayment of related party notes 
 -

Repayment of debt 

Net Cash (Used In) Provided By Financing Activities 

Effect of Exchange Rates on Cash 
 -

Net Cash Provided By (Used In) Discontinued Operations 

Net Cash Used In Assets Held for Sale 
 
 -

Net (Decrease) Increase In Cash 

Cash - Beginning of Period 

Cash - End of Period 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS,
continued 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 
 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Issuance of common stock for debt placement agent 
 
 -

Accrual of preferred dividends not paid yet 
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for Sky Sapience Ltd. acquisition 
 -

Issuance of common stock for Innovation Digital, LLC 
 -

Debt incurred to sellers for Innovation Digital, LLC 
 -

Issuance of common stock for RVision, Inc. 
 -

Issuance of common stock for RF Engineering Energy Resource, LLC 
 -

Issuance on common stock for SAGUNA Networks Ltd. acquisition 
 -

Issuance of common stock for extinguishment of debt and interest 
 -

Issuance of warrants for extinguishment of debt and interest 
 -

Issuance of common stock for conversion of debt and interest 

Issuance of warrants as debt issuance costs 
 -

Recognition of operating lease right-of-use asset and liability 

Acquisition of building with secured note payable 
 -

Prepaid deposits transferred to inventory 

Lease deposits recognized from Sky Sapience Ltd. acquisition 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F- 9 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million and million, respectively,
for estimated uncollectible accounts. 

per depositor. As a result, there could be a concentration of credit risk related to amounts on deposit in
excess of FDIC insurance coverage. The Company has not experienced any losses due to these excess deposits and believes the risk is not
significant. With respect to net trade receivables, management routinely assesses the financial strength of its customers and, as a consequence,
believes that the receivable credit risk exposure is limited. 

years 
 
 Computers and electronics 
 
 years 
 
 Office furniture and fixtures 
 
 years 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 
 Shorter of remaining 
lease term or years 

F- 10 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F- 11 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million in a secured note with interest
of and a maturity date of . The assets and liabilities of Sovereign Plastics are reflected in the accompanying Consolidated
Balance Sheets as Assets of discontinued operations and Liabilities of discontinued operations , respectively.
The results of operations of Sovereign Plastics are included in Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax in
the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. For comparative purposes, all prior periods presented have
been reclassified to reflect the classifications on a consistent basis (see Note 3 Discontinued Operations and
Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale for additional information). 

million. Assets and liabilities of Sky Sapience
are reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet as Assets held for sale and Liabilities held for sale ,
respectively, as of December 31, 2022 (see Note 3 Discontinued Operations and Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale and
Note 22 Subsequent Events Business Developments for additional information). 

F- 12 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million and million of deferred revenue, respectively, from contracts with customers. The contract liabilities represent
payments received from customers for which the Company had not yet satisfied its performance obligation under the contract. 

F- 13 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million and million, respectively. Gain or loss on extinguishment of
debt consists of the difference between the fair value of the reacquisition consideration and the carrying amount of debt on the date
it was paid off. 

valuation allowance against net deferred tax assets due
to the uncertainty of their ultimate realization. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to
the amount expected to be realized. 

likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority. No liability
for unrecognized tax benefits was recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. If the Company has to recognize any interest or penalties
associated with its tax positions or returns, any interest or penalties will be recorded as income tax expense in the Consolidated Statement
of Operations. 

F- 14 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million in a secured note with interest
of and a maturity date of . As a result of the sale, the Company recognized a million gain on the sale of Sovereign
Plastics included in the income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax on the consolidated statements of operations. 

F- 15 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Gain on sale of Sovereign Plastics 
 
 -

Total operating income (expenses), net 

Income (loss) from operations 

Other expense 

Interest expense 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 -

Total
 other expense 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax 

million for the sale is due on May 31, 2023 and is recorded as a note receivable
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The details are as follows: 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid and deferred expenses 

Assets of discontinued operations current 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Goodwill 

Other assets long term 

Assets of discontinued operations long-term 

Total assets of discontinued operations 

Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued payroll 

Contract liabilities, current 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Current portion of long-term debt,
 net of unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs 

Liabilities of discontinued operations - current 

Contract liabilities long term 

Operating lease liabilities long term 

Liabilities of discontinued operations long-term 

Total liabilities of discontinued operations 

F- 16 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million (see Note 22 Subsequent Events Business Developments for additional information). The sale
of Sky Sapience didn t qualify for discontinued operations presentation because the sale didn t represent a strategic shift
that will have a major effect on the Company s operations (the Company will continue to be in the drone business). Sky Sapience s
assets and liabilities met the criteria to be classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2022 as follows: 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid and deferred expenses 

Other current assets 

Assets held for sale - current 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Assets held for sale - long-term 

Total assets held for sale 

Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Accrued payroll 

Contract liabilities, current 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Liabilities of assets held for sale - current 

Operating lease liabilities - long term 

Liabilities held for sale - long-term 

Total liabilities held for sale 

million and had an accumulated deficit of million and working capital deficit
of million. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Management anticipates that the Company will be
dependent, for the near future, on additional investment capital to fund growth initiatives. Based on current cash on hand and subsequent
activity as described herein (see Note 22 Subsequent Events Business Developments and Debt and Equity Developments ),
the Company presently only has enough cash on hand to operate on a month-to-month basis, without raising additional capital or selling
assets. Because of the Company s limited cash availability, its operations have been scaled back to the extent possible (see Note
21 Other Business Developments Business Developments and Note 22 Subsequent Events 
 Business Developments ). Management continues to explore opportunities with third parties and related parties; however, it
has not entered into any agreement to provide the necessary additional capital, except as disclosed herein. 

F- 17 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Repairs 
 -

Support maintenance 

Drones 

Consulting 

Warranty 
 -

Other 

Total revenue 

Services and products transferred over time 

Total revenue 

The Company disaggregates revenue by source and
geographic destination to depict how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. 

Services 

Total revenue 

International 

Total revenue 

F- 18 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

New invoices not yet earned 

Old invoices earned 

Reclassified to held for sale 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

In 2022, million of deferred revenue from December 31, 2021 was recognized and recorded as revenue in the current year and million
and million of the balance of deferred revenue as of December 31, 2022 is expected to be recognized and recorded as revenue during
2023 and 2024, respectively. 

Warrants 

Convertible notes 

Restricted cash 
 -

Total 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash are
represented by operating accounts or money market accounts maintained with insured financial institutions, including cash equivalents,
defined as all short-term, highly-liquid investments with maturities of three months or less when purchased. The Company had no cash equivalents
as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, of restricted cash was
released upon the sale of a building (see Note 11 Property and Equipment, Net for additional information related to the
sale of the building). The remaining was released upon the abandonment of overseas equipment leases and was reclassified
to assets held for sale (see Note 3 Discontinued Operations and Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale Sky Sapience
Ltd. for information on the sale of Sky Sapience). 

F- 19 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts 

Total accounts receivable, net 

Bad debt expense totaled million for the
year ended December 31, 2022, compared to million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Work in progress 

Finished goods 

Total inventory 

Reserve 

Total inventory, net 

Prepaid rent and security deposit 

Total prepaid expenses 

Prepaids and deferred expenses include cash paid
in advance for rent and security deposits, inventory and other. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, prepaid products and services were mostly
comprised of deposits for radio inventory of million and million, respectively. 

F- 20 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Computers and electronics 

Office furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Building 
 -

Land 
 -

Building improvements 
 -

Total property and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment, net 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company invested million and million, respectively, in capital expenditures. 

On
January 31, 2022, the Company sold its Tucson, Arizona office building (the Tucson Building for million in cash.
The Tucson Building had a carrying value of million, including the million cost basis of the building, the million cost
basis of the land, and the million related to building improvements, partially offset by million of accumulated depreciation.
The Company recognized an million gain on sale of assets, which is net of million of related transaction costs. See Note 13
 Leases for additional information about the subsequent leaseback of the office building. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company derecognized the property and equipment associated with the following transactions (see
Note 13 Leases and Note 21 Other Business Developments for additional information): 

a) Abandonment
of Tucson Building lease gross assets of million with a net book value of million on February 1, 2022; 

b) Sale
of DragonWave-X Canada, Inc. assets gross assets of million with a net book value of million on May 23, 2022; and 

c) Transfer
of Innovation Digital, LLC assets gross assets of million with a net book value of million on June 23, 2022. 

The
Company recognized million and million of depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Recognition 

Impairments 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Derecognition 

Impairments 

Reclassified to held for sale 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company,
with the assistance of a 3 rd party appraiser, determined that it was more likely than not that certain reporting unit s
fair value were below their reporting unit s carrying amounts due to declines in the Company s market. As a result, the Company
determined it was a triggering event. Accordingly, it was necessary to perform impairment testing. The appraiser used a methodology that
incorporated both market metrics and cash flows to arrive at the fair values. 
During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an impairment charge for goodwill in the amount of million. 

F- 21 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

-

Additions 
 
 -

-

Impairments 

-
 
 -

Amortization 
 -

Net balance at December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

-

Reclassified to held for sale 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Derecognition 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Impairments 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Amortization 
 -
 
 -

-

Net balance at December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

-

On
June 23, 2022, the Company executed an agreement to return fifteen patents and five pending or provisional patents to the former owners
of Innovation Digital, LLC Innovation Digital which resulted in the derecognition of goodwill and intangible assets shown
in the tables above. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded impairment charges for other definite-lived intangible assets in the aggregate
amount of million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an impairment charge for other definite-lived
intangible assets in the amount of million. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded amortization expense of intangible assets of million and 
million, respectively. The Company s amortization is based on no residual value using the straight-line amortization method as
it best represents the benefit of the intangible assets. 

years 
 
 Intellectual property 
 years 
 
 Software 
 years 
 
 All intangible assets 
 years 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

All intangible assets 

As
part of the Company s restructuring, commencing January 1, 2023, the Company has integrated its previously separate reporting units,
including employing a single integrated sales function, and the Chief Executive Officer intends to manage the Company and make decisions
based on the Company s consolidated operating results. Accordingly, beginning on January 1, 2023, management has determined that
the Company represents a single reporting unit. 

F- 22 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Operating lease liability 

As
part of the SKS business acquisition on February 25, 2021, the Company assumed a lease used for office space with a remaining term of
approximately 16 months that expires on July 1, 2023. Monthly payments are approximately during the remaining life of the lease.
The lease did not include an implicit rate of return; therefore, the Company used an incremental borrowing rate based on other leases
with similar terms. 

As
part of the RVision business acquisition on April 1, 2021, the Company assumed a lease of office space with a remaining term of approximately
33 months that will expire on March 31, 2024. Monthly payments are during the remaining life of the lease. The lease did not include
an implicit rate of return; therefore, the Company used an incremental borrowing rate based on other leases with similar terms. 

On
February 1, 2022, the Company entered into a lease agreement with the new owners of the Tucson Building (see Note 11 Property
and Equipment, Net ), for a term of years with no option to renew. Monthly rent increases annually from per month in year
one to a month in the final year of the lease. The Company posted a million security deposit in connection with the commencement
of the lease, which was initially classified in other assets long term and subsequently reclassified against lease liabilities
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Company determined that the transactions represented a sale and leaseback and, accordingly, established
a new operating lease ROU asset and operating lease liability of million. The lease did not include an implicit rate of return;
therefore, the Company used an incremental borrowing rate based on other leases with similar terms. In May 2022, the Company abandoned
its lease of the Tucson Building after previously defaulting on the lease. 

In
June 2022, ComSovereign Corp. abandoned its Dallas, TX office lease and VEO Photonics, Inc. abandoned its San Diego, CA office lease.
In July 2022, the Company abandoned its Chantilly, VA office lease. In connection with the lease abandonments for the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company recognized million in losses due to the write-offs of the ROU-assets and other abandoned assets and applied
its security deposit assets against its operating lease liabilities (including million related to the Tucson Building). As a result
of the abandonment of leases, the Company has maintained its liabilities in connection with the leases until a release is negotiated
with the lessors or the amount of mitigation is evident. 

Short-term lease cost 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 

Operating leases 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 

years 
 years 
 
 Weighted average discount rate 

F- 23 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less: effect of discounting 

Present value of future minimum lease payments 

Less: current obligations under leases 

Long-term lease obligations 

Secured senior convertible note payable 
 B 

Secured note payable 
 C 

-
 
 -

Secured note payable 
 D 

-
 
 -

Secured note payable 
 E 

Secured note payable 
 F 

-
 
 -

Secured note payable 
 G 
 
 -
 
 -

> or Libor + 
 
 Secured note payable 
 H 

-
 
 -
 
 -

SBA loan 
 I 

Total secured notes payable 

Unsecured Notes Payable 

Note payable - related party 
 J 

-
 
 -

Note payable 
 K 

-
 
 -

PPP loans 
 L 
 
 -

Total notes payable 

Unsecured Convertible Notes Payable 

Convertible note payable 
 M 
 
 -

Convertible note payable 
 N 

Total convertible notes payable 

Total debt 

Less: unamortized discounts and debt issuance costs 

Total long-term debt, less discounts and debt issuance costs 

Less: current portion of debt 

Non-current portion of debt 

F- 24 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million and warrants to purchase
up to shares of the Company s common stock for a purchase price of million (representing an original issue discount
of on the note), of which the Company received million on May 28, 2021 and million on June 2, 2021. On August 25, 2021, the
Company entered into a first amendment and limited waiver to the securities purchase agreement dated as of May 27, 2021 and amended and
restated the convertible note. The amended note bears interest at the rate of per annum from the date of funding and matures on . The Company is required to make monthly interest and principal payments in 18 equal monthly installments of each,
commencing in November 2021. So long as shares of the Company s common stock are registered for resale under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, or may be sold without restriction on the number of shares or manner of sale, the Company has the right to make
interest and principal payments in the form of additional shares of common stock, which shares will be valued at of the average of
the five lowest daily volume weighted average price per share of the common stock during the ten trading days immediately preceding the
date of issuance of such shares of common stock. The note is guaranteed by the Company s subsidiaries and is secured by a Securities
Purchase Agreement Initial SPA securing a first priority lien on substantially all of the Company s assets and
properties and the assets and properties of its subsidiaries, subject only to the liens securing the approximately million principal
amount of outstanding indebtedness in connection with three of our subsidiaries. The warrants are exercisable to purchase up to 
shares of the Company s common stock for a purchase price of per share, subject to adjustment, at any time on or prior to
May 27, 2026, and may be exercised on a cashless basis if the shares of common stock underlying the Warrants are not then registered
under the Securities Act. 

On
or about April 15, 2022, as a result of the Company not filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 on
a timely basis, the Note entered into default, which resulted in a or million increase in the principal value, pursuant to the
terms of the Note. The default also enabled the note holders, upon notice to the Company, to periodically convert a portion of the associated
principal and accrued interest into common stock at a discount to the three lowest daily volume-weighted-average-prices during the
prior twenty trading days Note Holder Conversions ). During the year ended December 31, 2022, Amounts
recorded as debt discounts were fully recognized and recorded in loss on extinguishment of debt as a result of the aforementioned debt
conversions. 

For
Note B , on August 25, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an investor, pursuant to which we sold
to the investor a senior secured convertible promissory note in the original principal amount of million and warrants to purchase
up to shares of our common stock for a purchase price of million (representing an original issue discount of on the note),
which million the Company received on August 26, 2021. The note bears interest at the rate of per annum from the date of funding
and matures on . The Company is required to make monthly interest and principal payments in 18 equal monthly installments
of each, commencing in November 2021. So long as shares of our common stock are registered for resale under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, or may be sold without restriction on the number of shares or manner of sale, the Company has the right to make
interest and principal payments in the form of additional shares of common stock, which shares will be valued at of the average of
the five lowest daily volume weighted average price per share of the common stock during the ten trading days immediately preceding the
date of issuance of such shares of common stock. The note is convertible by the holder in whole or in part at any time after the six-month
anniversary of the issuance date into shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share, subject to
adjustment and certain limitations. The Company has the right to prepay the amended note at any time with no penalty. However, should
the Company exercise its buy-back right, the holder of the amended note will have the option of converting 33 1/ of the outstanding
principal amount of the note into shares of common stock at a conversion price equal to the lower of (A) the repayment price, or (B)
the conversion price then in effect. The note is guaranteed by the Company s subsidiaries and is secured by a Securities Purchase
Agreement Second SPA and collectively with the Initial SPA, the SPAs securing a first priority lien on
substantially all of the Company s assets and properties and the assets and properties of its subsidiaries, subject only to the
liens securing the approximately million principal amount of outstanding indebtedness of three of our subsidiaries. The warrants
are exercisable to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock for a purchase price of per share, subject to
adjustment, at any time on or prior to August 25, 2026, and may be exercised on a cashless basis if the shares of common stock underlying
the Warrants are not then registered under the Securities Act. 

On
or about April 15, 2022, as a result of the Company not filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 on
a timely basis, the Note entered into default, which resulted in a or million increase in the principal value, pursuant to the
terms of the Note. The default also enabled the note holders, upon notice to the Company, to periodically convert a portion of the associated
principal and accrued interest into common stock at a discount to the three lowest daily volume-weighted-average-prices during the
prior twenty trading days Note Holder Conversions ). During the year ended December 31, 2022, Amounts
recorded as debt discounts were fully recognized and recorded in loss on extinguishment of debt as a result of the aforementioned debt
conversions. 

For
Note C , on October 17, 2022, the Company sold a promissory note in the principal amount of to the Company s senior
secured lenders. This note bears interest at per annum, is due October 17, 2023, and is also secured by the August 25, 2021 SPAs between
the Company and its senior secured lenders. 

For
Note D , on November 8, 2022, the Company sold a promissory note with a face value of with an original issue discount of
 to the Company s senior secured lenders. This note bears interest at per annum, is due November 8, 2023, and also is
secured by the August 25, 2021 SPAs between the Company and its senior secured lenders. 

F- 25 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million loan bearing interest at the rate of per annum that matured on . Upon an event of default,
the interest rate would have automatically increased to per annum on any unpaid principal and interest, compounded monthly, and all
unpaid principal and accrued interest would become due on-demand. Accrued interest was calculated on a compound basis and was payable
semi-annually in May and November of each year. The note was secured by all of the assets of DragonWave and was guaranteed by ComSovereign
pursuant to the November 26, 2019 Secured Loan Agreement. The debt issuance costs were the result of the issuance of shares of
common stock of the Company and a cash payment of . The Company defaulted on this loan during 2021, causing the interest rate
to increase to a monthly compounded rate of per annum, a late charge of to be incurred, and the loan and accrued interest to become
due on-demand. Amounts recorded as debt discounts and issuance costs were fully amortized and recognized in interest expense during 2021
as a result of the loan becoming due on-demand from the default event. On January 26, 2021, million of the principal amount of this
loan and all accrued interest with a combined total of million, was fully extinguished at the rate of per unit, as defined
in our public offering , resulting in the issuance of shares of issued common stock of the Company, along with warrants to
purchase up to shares of common stock that are exercisable for a purchase price of per share at any time on or prior to January
26, 2026. This loan has been in default since November 26, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, principal and interest of 
million was paid in cash and the remaining interest and fees of were compounded into principal outstanding. As of December 31,
2022, million is outstanding under this loan. 

For
Note F , on or about April 29, 2022, the Company sold an original issue discount
note with a face value of to an investor for the purchase price of . This note was due approximately July 29, 2022 and
bears a default rate of after the maturity date. The note was secured by all of the assets of Lighter Than Air Systems Corp. and was
guaranteed by ComSovereign pursuant to the April 29, 2022 Secured Loan Agreement. On July 26, 2022, the Company received notice from the
promissory note holder that the promissory note in the principal amount of was due. As of the date of this filing, this note
remains outstanding. On May 9, 2022, in connection with the note issuance, the Company issued shares of common stock to an advisor
pursuant to an advisory agreement dated April 29, 2022. On March 14, 2023, the note was retro-amended to extend the maturity date to with an interest rate of and the ability to convert principal and interest into shares of the Company s common stock
at a discount to the closing price on which the conversion is elected effective September 15, 2023. In addition, the note became secured
with a second priority security interest on the assets of its Lighter Than Air Systems Corp. (d/b/a Drone Aviation Corp) business and
agreed to extend the term of the advisory for an additional pursuant to the original note and issue an additional shares
of the Company s restricted stock per year while the note is outstanding. See Note 22 Subsequent Events Debt
and Equity Developments for additional information. 

For
Note G , on January 29, 2021, the Company entered into a secured million term loan that bore interest at the higher rate of 
or LIBOR plus , that matured in January 2022 in connection with our acquisition of the Tucson Building. That note was secured by
a deed of trust on the Tucson Building. On January 31, 2022, we completed the sale of the Tucson Building and the principal of million
was repaid in cash from the proceeds of the building sale. See Note 11 Property and Equipment, Net for additional information
related to the Tucson Building sale. 

For
Note H , on December 6, 2022, the Company sold a secured promissory note bearing no interest for the purchase of components
for which the lender agreed to receive payments with a maturity date of June 30, 2023. The note was secured by the components purchased
and was guaranteed by ComSovereign pursuant to the December 6, 2022 Agreement for the Purchase and Sale of Components. As a result of
defaulting on the note, the interest rate was increased to the rate of per annum. 

For
Note I , RF Engineering received an SBA loan in the principal amount of bearing interest at per annum and with a maturity
date of May 15, 2050, and is secured by all the assets of RF Engineering pursuant to the May 15, 2020 Security Agreement between the
Company and its secured lenders. In the event of default, all amounts past due under this note are subject to acceleration of principal
and due on demand. As of December 31, 2022, interest of was paid in cash and an aggregate amount of principal of is in
default under this loan. 

For
Note J , on April 1, 2022, the Company entered into a note agreement with a related party who is an Executive Officer of the Company
for cash proceeds of with a maturity date of and an interest rate of . As of December 31, 2022, the proceeds
were recorded as a related party note in current liabilities. On March 31, 2023, the note was amended to extend the maturity date to
 with an interest rate of . 

For
Note K , on July 29, 2022, the Company sold a promissory note in the principal amount of with an original issue discount of
 to the Company s senior secured lenders. This note bears interest at per annum and is due . As of December
31, 2022, the principal amount of remains unpaid. 

For
Note L , between April 30 and May 26, 2020, six of the Company s subsidiaries received loan proceeds in the aggregate amount
of under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). The PPP loan had a maturity of years and an interest rate of
 per annum. The PPP, established as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), provides
for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times of the average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The
loans and accrued interest are forgivable pursuant to section 1106 of the CARES Act, after a period of up to 24 weeks, as long as the
borrower uses the loan proceeds for eligible purposes, including payroll, benefits, rent and utilities, and maintains its payroll levels.
The amount of loan forgiveness shall be calculated in accordance with the requirements of the PPP, including the provisions of Section
1106 of the CARES Act, although no more than 40 percent of the amount forgiven can be attributable to non-payroll costs. Further, the
amount of loan forgiveness will be reduced if the borrower terminates employees or reduces salaries during the period of up to 24 weeks.
During the year ended December 31, 2021, an aggregate amount of million had been forgiven under these loans. Additional PPP loans
were applied for in 2021 and were forgiven in 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the remaining aggregate principal of 
of these notes was fully repaid. 

F- 26 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million. The convertible promissory bears interest at the rate of per annum, matures
on and is convertible into shares of the Company s common stock commencing on December 3, 2021 at an initial conversion
price of per share; provided, however, that on the maturity date, the holder may (i) demand payment of the entire outstanding principal
balance and all unpaid accrued interest under Convertible Note or (ii) continue to hold the Convertible Note, in which case the convertible
note shall thereafter accrue interest at the rate of per annum, compounded annually, until such time as (x) the holder makes a demand
of payment and the convertible note is repaid in full; or (y) the convertible note is converted in full. If the convertible note is converted
into shares of the Company s common stock after the maturity date of the convertible note, the conversion price will be the closing
price of our common stock on the date the conversion notice is provided to the Company. On June 3, 2022, this note went into default.
On June 23, 2022, the Company reached an agreement with the former owners of Innovation Digital to return to the former owners of Innovation
Digital 15 patents and 5 pending or provisional patents to those former owners in return for the cancellation of the outstanding 
promissory note, the return of shares of common stock, and the waiver of certain severance payments. See Note 21 Other
Business Developments for additional information. 

For
Note N , on January 29, 2021, in connection with its acquisition of FastBack, the Company issued to the sellers million aggregate
principal amount of convertible promissory notes. The individual principal amounts of the notes ranged from to . These
notes initially bear interest at the rate of per annum, which is to be adjusted to the prime rate as published by the Wall Street
Journal on each annual anniversary of the issuance date and mature on January 29, 2026. Interest is payable in cash annually in arrears
on each January 1. As of January 29, 2022, the outstanding principal and accrued interest on these notes may be converted in full to
shares of the Company s common stock at a conversion price of per share, subject to adjustment. Upon an event of default,
the interest rate will automatically increase to per annum compounded annually, and all unpaid principal and accrued interest may
become due on-demand. Principal and any unpaid accrued interest are due on the maturity date. Upon maturity, the interest rate will automatically
increase to per annum compounded annually on any unpaid principal. On May 24, 2022, the Company received notice from counsel for
holders of million of convertible promissory notes issued in connection with the acquisition of FastBack that the Company had failed
to file its Annual Report on Form 10-K in a timely manner, as required by the terms of the convertible promissory notes. While the note
holders have the right to accelerate the maturity of the principal, the notice simply indicated that the holders were reserving their
rights. As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate of million of principal is classified as long-term debt pursuant to post-December
31, 2022 special conversions of principal and accrued interest into shares of the Company s common stock, pursuant to a
limited time offer for conversions at a discounted rate of of the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the
day special conversion notices were received. See Note 22 Subsequent Events Debt and Equity Developments
 for additional information. 

Certain
agreements governing the secured notes payable, unsecured notes payable, and unsecured convertible notes payable contain customary covenants,
such as limitations on liens, dispositions, mergers, entry into other lines of business, investments and the incurrence of additional
indebtedness. 

All
debt agreements are subject to customary events of default. If an event of default occurs with respect to the debt agreements and is
continuing, the lenders may accelerate the applicable amounts due. The Company is in default on several debt agreements and has accrued
the proper penalties or disclosed any additional contingencies that resulted from the default. 

2024 

2025 
 -

2026 
 -

2027 
 -

Thereafter 

Total 

shares of common stock authorized for issuance and and shares
of common stock issued and and shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had shares of preferred stock authorized for issuance, shares of preferred
stock designated as Series A Preferred Stock, and shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. 

F- 27 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares of the Company s common stock at a price to the public of 
per share (the First Offering ), and a warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of per share
(the First Offering Warrants ), pursuant to an underwriting agreement dated as of January 21, 2021, between the Company
and the representative (the Representative of the several underwriters named in the underwriting agreement. Pursuant to
the First Offering, the Company received gross proceeds of approximately million and had total expenses of approximately million,
which included the underwriting discounts and commissions of approximately and the Representative s reimbursable expenses relating
to the First Offering. See Warrants within this footnote for additional information on warrants issued. 

On
February 10, 2021, the Company sold an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at a price to the public of 
per share (the Second Offering ), pursuant to an underwriting agreement dated as of February 10, 2021 between the Company
and the Representative of the several underwriters named in the underwriting agreement. Pursuant to the Second Offering, the Company
received gross proceeds of approximately million and had total expenses of approximately million, which included the underwriting
discounts and commissions of approximately and the Representative s reimbursable expenses relating to the First Offering. See
 Warrants within this footnote for additional information on warrants issued. 

Acquisitions 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock upon completed acquisitions of RF
Engineering Energy Resource, Saguna Networks, Innovation Digital, RVision, and Sky Sapience with an aggregate fair value of 
million. See Note 20 Business Acquisitions for additional information. 

Sale
of 9.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock 

On
October 26, 2021, the Company filed a Certificate of Designations of Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock (the
 Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada, which classified and designated 
shares of the Company s authorized preferred stock, par value per share, as Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual
Preferred Stock (the Series A Preferred Stock ). 

On
October 29, 2021, the Company sold in a public offering shares of the Company s Series A Preferred Stock at a public offering
price of per share which is the initial liquidation preference of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

The
Series A Preferred Stock has been listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol COMSP . 

The
net proceeds to the Company from this Offering were approximately million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions
and expenses payable by the Company. 

Preferred
Stock Liquidation Preference 

Upon
any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, before any distribution or payment shall be made
to holders of shares of our common stock or any other class or series of our capital stock ranking, as to rights upon any voluntary or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, junior to the Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock
(the Series A Preferred Stock ), holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to be paid out of our assets
legally available for distribution to our stockholders, after payment of or provision for our debts and other liabilities and any class
or series of our capital stock ranking, as to rights upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our
affairs, senior to the Series A Preferred Stock, a liquidation preference of per share of the Series A Preferred Stock (approximately
 million), plus an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not authorized or declared) up to, but excluding,
the date of payment. If, upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, our available assets are insufficient
to pay the full amount of the liquidating distributions on all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and the corresponding amounts
payable on all shares of each other class or series of capital stock ranking, as to rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up,
on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock in the distribution of assets, then holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and each
such other class or series of capital stock ranking, as to rights upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding
up, on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock will share ratably in any distribution of assets in proportion to the full liquidating
distributions to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled. 

The
Series A Preferred Stock generally is not redeemable by the Company before April 29, 2024, except as described below upon the occurrence
of a change of control (as defined in the Certificate of Designations). On and after April 29, 2024, the Company may, at its option,
redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of 
per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not authorized or declared) up to, but excluding, the date of redemption.
The Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity date and is not subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption provisions and
will remain outstanding indefinitely unless redeemed or otherwise repurchased by the Company as described below. 

Upon
the occurrence of a Change of Control, the Company may, at its option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part within
 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, by paying per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends
up to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 

F- 28 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

or more monthly periods (whether or not consecutive), which occurred on November 20, 2023, in which case the
preferred stock holders are entitled to elect up to an aggregate of two new Board directors until the past due dividends are fully paid. 

Dividends 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded and , respectively, of dividends paid or payable to
the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

On or about May 25, 2022, the Company announced that it had suspended
the payment of dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock to preserve cash. Since June 20, 2022, dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock
are accruing at the rate of approximately per month. The total arrearage on the date of filing for the accrued dividends is . 

Common
Stock 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock upon the exercise of options for gross
proceeds of and issued an aggregate of shares of common stock with a fair value of million for conversions of debt
and interest. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock with a fair value of million
for conversions of debt and interest (see Note 14 Debt for additional information) and issued shares of common stock
for gross proceeds of upon the exercise of options. 

Warrants 

On
January 26, 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock as partial
consideration for debt extinguishments. The warrants have an exercise price of per share and an expiration date of January 26, 2026.
The grant date fair value of these warrants was estimated to be million. Upon the issuance of these warrants, certain debts and
accrued interest were fully extinguished (see Note 14 Debt Note E for additional information). 

On
January 26, 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock as portion
of the units offered in the Company s First offering. The warrants have an exercise price of per share and an expiration date
of January 26, 2026. The fair value of these warrants was estimated to be million. 

On
January 26, 2021, the Company issued additional warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock
pursuant to the underwriting agreement for of the shares of common stock sold in the First Offering. The warrants have an exercise
price of per share and an expiration date of January 21, 2026. The grant fair date value of these warrants was estimated to be 
million. 

On
January 26, 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock as consideration
to the underwriter for certain costs related to the First Offering. The warrants have an exercise price of per share and an expiration
date of January 21, 2026. The grant date fair value of these warrants was estimated to be million. 

On
February 12, 2021, pursuant to the Second Offering underwriting agreement, the Company issued to the Representative warrants to purchase
up to a total of shares of common stock for of the shares of common stock sold in the Second Offering. The warrants have an
exercise price of per share and an expiration date of February 10, 2026. The grant date fair value of these warrants was estimated
to be million. 

On
May 27, 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock in conjunction
with a debt agreement (see Note 14 Debt Note A ). These warrants have an exercise price of a grant
date fair value of million and expire on May 27, 2026. 

On
August 25, 2021, the Company issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock in conjunction
with a debt agreement (see Note 14 Debt Note B ). These warrants have an exercise price of a fair value
of million and expire on August 25, 2026. 

All
warrants are valued utilizing the Black-Scholes pricing model using the assumptions listed below. No warrants were issued during the
year ended December 31, 2022. The weighted average fair value of all warrants issued during the year ended December 31, 2021 was 
per share. 

F- 29 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Expected volatility 
 N/A
 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 N/A
 
 - 
 
 Contractual life of warrants 
 N/A
 
 - years 

Forfeited or Expired 

Outstanding - December 31, 2022 

Exercisable - December 31, 2022 

- 

- 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

- 

- 

- 

- 

F- 30 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

shares of the Company s common stock were initially authorized for issuance with respect to awards granted under
the 2020 Plan. On June 25, 2021, the stockholders approved the increase of the number of shares of common stock authorized for issuance
under the 2020 Plan by an additional shares. Any shares subject to awards that are not paid, delivered or exercised before they
expire or are cancelled or terminated, or fail to vest, as well as shares used to pay the purchase or exercise price of awards or related
tax withholding obligations, will become available for other award grants under the 2020 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, options
have been issued under the 2020 Plan, of which were forfeited. Any shares forfeited are available for re-issuance. As of December
31, 2022, a total of shares authorized under the 2020 Plan remained available for award purposes. On November 21, 2022, our board
of directors adopted a resolution proposing to add shares of the Company s common stock to the 2020 Plan, which was approved
by our stockholders on February 8, 2023 on a post-split basis. 

The
2020 Plan will terminate on May 1, 2030. The maximum term of options, stock appreciation rights and other rights to acquire common stock
under the 2020 Plan is after the initial date of the award. 

Restricted
Stock Awards 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors granted an aggregate of shares of restricted stock awards
to one director with a grant date value of million, of which vested on the one-year anniversary of the grant date and vest
on the two-year anniversary of the original grant date. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued shares of common stock as consideration for services with a grant date value
of million. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock to a debt placement agent as consideration for services
with a grant date value of . 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and million of compensation expense related to restricted
stock awards and had million and million of unrecognized compensation cost as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Stock
Options 

All
options are valued utilizing the Black-Scholes pricing model using the assumptions listed below. No options were issued during the year
ended December 31, 2022. The weighted average grant date fair value of all options issued during the year ended December 31, 2021 was
 per share. 

Expected volatility 
 N/A

Risk-free interest rate 
 N/A
 
 - 
 
 Expected life of options 
 N/A
 
 - years 

Exercised 

Cancelled or Expired 

Outstanding - December 31, 2022 

-

Exercisable - December 31, 2022 

-

Total
recognized compensation expense related to the Company s stock options was million and million for the years ended 2022
and 2021, respectively. Compensation expense related to stock options is recorded in share-based compensation expense, a component of
general and administrative expenses, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company had unrecognized compensation expense related to options of million and million, respectively. As of December
31, 2022, the Company is expected to recognize this compensation expense over the next years. 

F- 31 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

- 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

- 

- 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

- 

- 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

- 

- 

International 

Loss before income taxes from continuing operations 

Deferred
taxes are provided on the liability method whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for deductible temporary differences
and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences. Temporary
differences are the differences between the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets are reduced
by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax
assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are adjusted for the effects of changes in tax law and rates on the
date of enactment. 

F- 32 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Warranty reserve 

Inventory reserve 

Allowance for bad debt 

Deferred revenue 
 -

Lease liability 

Amortization 
 
 -

Capitalized research and development costs 
 
 -

Net operating loss carryover 

Foreign losses 

General business credits 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Depreciation 

Amortization 
 -

Right of use assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Valuation allowance: 

Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
 -
 
 -

State tax expense, net of federal benefit 

Permanent items 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Goodwill impairment 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Other 

- 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Income tax benefit 
 -

-

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had domestic net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million of which approximately
 million was generated pre-2018 that may be carried forward 20 years to offset against future taxable income from the year 2023
through 2037, and approximately million generated post-2017 that may offset future taxable income with no definite expiration
date. 

Due
to the change in the ownership provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carryforwards for federal income tax reporting
purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carryforwards may be limited as to
use in future years. We estimate million of domestic NOLs will expire unused. 

F- 33 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

-

December 31, 2021 

-
 
 -

We
are subject to taxation in the United States and various states and foreign jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2022, tax years for 2019,
2020, 2021, and 2022 are subject to examination by the tax authorities. With few exceptions, as of December 31, 2022, we are no longer
subject to US federal, state, and foreign examinations by tax authorities before 2019. 

At
December 31, 2022, the Company had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million. Of these losses, million
are Canadian NOLs that may be carried forward 20 years to offset against future taxable income from the years 2019 through 2042. In addition,
 million are from Israeli operations that may offset future taxable income with no definite expiration date. 

in severance
and in damages for her options. The Company filed an Answer on or about March 18, 2022. The Company disputes the plaintiff s
allegations, has not accrued for any contingent losses, and intends to vigorously defend the lawsuit. 

On
June 16, 2022, the Company received notice from certain former shareholders of SAGUNA claiming breaches of the SAGUNA stock purchase
agreement and claiming that all of the former shareholders of SAGUNA have suffered damages totaling approximately million, which
they calculated as the value related to the consideration issued to those former shareholders for the acquisition of SAGUNA. The Company
denies those claims and has not accrued any contingent loss. However, the Company may face legal claims or proceedings regarding those
claims. 

By
notice dated July 14, 2022, the Company received notice from a distributor that has a distribution agreement with InduraPower claiming
that InduraPower, and the Company as guarantor, has breached the distribution agreement, and are claiming approximately million
in damages, which includes a claim for million of foregone profit. The Company had received million in cash as a deposit against
future product deliveries which is included in contract liabilities current. In addition, the Company fully accrued the remaining
claim of million in accrued liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. 

On
or about July 17, 2022, the former employees of SKS filed an insolvency request against SKS in the Nazareth District Court, Israel, No.
35035-06-22. The action represents of claims of the former employees, which were fully accrued as of September 30, 2022. The
claims of the former employees were resolved pursuant to the SKS Sale Agreement (see Note 21 - Other Business Developments 
 Business Developments for additional information) and the action was dismissed on or about January 9, 2023. See Note 22 
 Subsequent Events Business Developments for additional information. 

On
or about July 28, 2022, a former employee filed suit against the Company, Dustin McIntire, and Daniel Hodges in the San Diego County
California Superior Court, Case No. 37-2022-00028083-CU-BC-CTL RVI Claim #1 ). The plaintiff alleged that his wages were
not paid, that he was constructively discharged, that the Company failed to issue him stock options, and that he is owed future amounts.
He claimed damages of no less than . On December 29, 2022, the Company resolved this lawsuit. See Note 21 Other Business
Developments Business Developments for additional information. 

On
or about August 22, 2022, two former FastBack employees filed suit against the Company, DragonWave and FastBack in the Alameda County
Superior Court, California, Case No. 22CV016666. The plaintiffs allege that their payroll was late and that the Company failed to make
one payroll, failed to timely pay wages three times, failed to pay accrued vacation time, and owes penalties under California law. Each
plaintiff claimed damages of no less than . The Company has accrued for the wage claims for services provided but has not accrued
for penalties. On April 4, 2023, the Company resolved this lawsuit. See Note 22 Subsequent Events Business Developments
 for additional information. 

On
or about August 23, 2022, a former employee filed suit against the Company in the Clark County District Court, Nevada, Case No. 3 A-22-857361-C RVI Claim #2 ). The plaintiff alleged that his wages were not paid, that he was constructively discharged, that the Company
failed to issue him stock options, and that he is owed future amounts. He claimed damages of no less than . As of September 30,
2022, the Company had accrued for the wage claims for services provided of but had not accrued for the claims associated with
future services. On December 29, 2022, the Company resolved this lawsuit. See Note 21 Other Business Developments 
 Business Developments for additional information. 

F- 34 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

he purchased an promissory note in 2018 from
Transform-X which has not been paid. Plaintiff alleges that the Company is also liable under the Transform-X promissory note. This lawsuit
was removed to the United States District of South Carolina, Civil Action No.:3:22-cv-03645-MGL. The Company filed an Answer on October
27, 2022 and the proceedings are currently in the discovery phase. The Company strongly disputes the plaintiff s allegations, has
not accrued for any contingent losses, and intends to vigorously defend the lawsuit. 

On
or about November 14, 2022, an intellectual property law firm filed suit against the Company in the United States District Court for
the Southern District of California, San Diego. The plaintiff alleges that they performed work for the Company and its subsidiaries subsequent
to September 30, 2022 and are owed approximately , which was fully accrued as of December 31, 2022. 

See
Note 22 Subsequent Events Litigation, Claims and Contingencies Developments for post-December 31, 2022
developments. 

, , and ,
respectively, of the Company s net trade accounts receivable, and none of these balances were characterized as uncollectible. 

In
addition, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, revenue from one and zero customers individually exceeded of revenue and,
in total, comprised approximately and of the Company s total revenue, respectively. For our FastBack and DragonWave businesses,
we do not have internal manufacturing capabilities and each relies upon a single, but different, outsourced manufacturer. At December
31, 2022, the Company did not have any vendors with accounts payable that accounted for more than of the Company s total expenses. 

million and the issuance of million aggregate principal amount of term notes and million
aggregate principal amount of convertible notes that are convertible into common stock at a conversion price of per share, subject
to adjustment. See Note 14 Debt for further discussion of the notes. FastBack s products complement and enhance the
Company s 5G connectivity offerings. All resulting goodwill is expected to be tax deductible. The Company incurred acquisition-related
costs of , of which was expensed in fiscal year 2021 and was expensed in fiscal year 2020, which are included in
general and administrative expenses on the Company s Consolidated Statement of Operations. The purpose of the acquisition was to
expand our line of products and technology. The goodwill represents the excess fair value after the allocation to the intangibles. All
resulting goodwill and intangibles are tax deductible. 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Property equipment 

Intangible assets: 

Trade name 

Technology 

Customer relationships 

Software 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Notes payable 

Contract liabilities, current 

Accrued warranty liability long term 

Total purchase consideration 

F- 35 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million, subject to working capital and other post-closing adjustments,
representing All resulting goodwill is expected
to be tax deductible. The purpose of the acquisition was to expand our line of products and technology. The goodwill represents the excess
fair value after the allocation to the intangibles. All resulting goodwill and intangibles are tax deductible. The Company sold SKS on
March 20, 2023 (see Note 22 Subsequent Events Business Developments for additional information). 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Property equipment 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Intangible assets: 

Trade names 

Technology 

Customer relationships 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Contract liabilities, current 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Operating lease liabilities - long term 

Total purchase consideration 

F- 36 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

of the outstanding capital stock of RVision in exchange for shares of its common stock with a fair value
of per share. RVision s products complement and enhance the Company s communication offerings and provides additional
access to governmental and private sector commercial industries. All resulting goodwill is expected to be tax deductible. The purpose
of the acquisition was to expand our line of products and technology. The goodwill represents the excess fair value after the allocation
to the intangibles. The Company sold RVision on December 29, 2022. 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Inventory 

Property equipment 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Intangible assets: 

Trade names 

Technology 

Customer relationships 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Contract liabilities, current 

Notes payable 

Operating lease liabilities long term 

Total purchase consideration 

Innovation
Digital, LLC 

On June 3, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of Innovation
Digital for cash consideration paid of million, shares of common stock with a fair value of million or per share,
and a promissory note in the principal amount of million that is convertible into common stock at a conversion price of . See
Note 14 Debt for further discussion of the notes. Innovation Digital enhances the Company s portfolio of intellectual
property and licensing capabilities. The purpose of the acquisition was to expand our line of products and technology. The goodwill represents
the excess fair value after the allocation to the intangibles. The calculated goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. On June 23, 2022,
the Company reached an agreement to return fifteen patents and five pending or provisional patents to the former owners of Innovation
Digital resulting in the derecognition of an outstanding promissory note of an aggregate , comprised of of principal
and of interest, the return of shares of common stock, and the waiver of certain severance payments. 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Other non-current Assets 

Intangible assets: 

Trade names 

Technology 

Customer relationships 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

Accounts payable 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Notes payable 

Operating lease liabilities long term 

Total purchase consideration 

F- 37 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million and shares of common stock with a fair value of million or approximately per
share. RF Engineering s position as a leading specialist in high performance antenna design and distribution enhances the Company s
wireless product development capabilities and sales and distribution channels. All resulting goodwill is expected to be tax deductible.
See Note 14 Debt for further discussion of the notes. The purpose of the acquisition was to expand our line of products
and technology. The goodwill represents the excess fair value after the allocation to the intangibles. 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Property equipment, net 

Intangible assets: 

Trade names 

Customer relationships 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Contract liabilities, current 

Notes payable 

Total purchase consideration 

SAGUNA
Networks LTD 

On
October 4, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of SAGUNA for cash consideration paid of million and shares of common
stock with a fair value of million, or approximately per share. SAGUNA is a premier Multi-Access Edge Computing cloud software
developer. The acquisition significantly expanded the Company s software technology offerings powering 5G wireless networks. The
purpose of the acquisition was to expand our line of products and technology. The goodwill represents the excess fair value after the
allocation to the intangibles. The calculated goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. 

Accounts receivable 

Property equipment, net 

Intangible assets: 

Goodwill 

Total assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Total purchase consideration 

Pro
Forma Information (unaudited) 

During
2021, the Company completed the acquisitions of FastBack Networks, a telecommunications provider, Sky Sapience Ltd., a tethered drone
provider, Rvision, Inc., a video and communications developer, Innovation Digital, a developer of signal processing solutions, RF Engineering
and Energy Resource, an antenna and accessories provider, and SAGUNA Networks, a software developer to expand the Company s product
offerings and developments. 

F- 38 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Basic and diluted loss per common share

Weighted-average common shares outstanding 

which will
be increased to upon the Board s Compensation Committee s determination of adequate funding; (ii) eligibility to
participate in a cash bonus program for meeting quarterly and annual goals, milestones, and metrics, as established by the Compensation
Committee; (iii) eligibility to receive grants under the terms of the Company s 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan; (iv) the right to
participate in all benefit plans offered to the Company s senior executive officers; and (v) severance payments of three months
of salary, benefits, and prorated bonus (the Severance if terminated without cause before completion of one year of service,
and six months of Severance if terminated without cause after reaching one year of service. 

Business
Developments 

Commencing
in May 2022, the Company embarked on a significant reduction of overhead and personnel costs through the divestment of non-core assets
in favor of a refocus on our true core competencies in 5G and beyond technology. 

In
May 2022, InduraPower idled their employees. 

On
May 23, 2022, a third party acquired certain assets and employees from the Canadian subsidiary of DragonWave-X, LLC DragonWave
Canada ), in return for assuming DragonWave Canada s potential employment liabilities and assuming DragonWave Canada s
lease in Kanata, Ontario, Canada, through an Asset Purchase Agreement. The Company recognized a million loss on the aforementioned
sale. 

On
June 21, 2022, the Company completed the sale of its Sovereign Plastics business unit to TheLandersCompanies LLC for total consideration
of million in a secured note with interest of and a maturity date of . See Note 3 Discontinued Operations
and Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale for additional information. 

On
June 23, 2022, the Company reached an agreement to return fifteen patents and five pending or provisional patents to the former owners
of Innovation Digital, LLC Innovation Digital ), resulting in the derecognition of an outstanding promissory note of an
aggregate , comprised of of principal and of interest, the return of shares of common stock, and the waiver
of certain severance payments. The Company recognized a million loss on the aforementioned sale. 

In
June 2022, the Company idled the employees of SAGUNA Networks Ltd. SAGUNA ), Sky Sapience Ltd. SKS and
VEO Photonics, Inc. VEO ). 

F- 39 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

million. Of that consideration, the first tranche of
 would be held in escrow and utilized to eliminate outstanding liabilities and debt of SKS. The next two tranches totaling 
were paid to the Company, less any remaining SKS outstanding liabilities and debt. The final tranche of is due to be paid within
two years of closing, subject to potential reductions for further claims of SKS debt, which are capped at . The SKS Sale Agreement
contains closing conditions and control of the company was transferred to the buyer as of March 20, 2023 (see Note 22 Subsequent
Events Business Developments for more information). 

On
December 29, 2022, the Company entered into a Settlement Agreement Settlement Agreement to resolve two litigation claims
against the Company. As required by the terms of the Settlement Agreement, we entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the RVI
Sale Agreement with the plaintiffs in the two lawsuits Buyers ), pursuant to which, and subject to the terms and
conditions of the RVI Sale Agreement, we agreed to sell Rvision, Inc. RVI to Buyers. 

See
Note 20 Business Acquisitions for details regarding the Company s 2021 acquisitions and Note 22 Subsequent
Events for additional information related to debt and equity developments, litigation claims, and other. 

per year for service on our board of directors. 

Business
Developments 

On
March 20, 2023, pursuant to the SKS Sale Agreement, the Company completed the sale of SKS and recorded a note receivable for the remaining
 due on . 

In
January 2023, the Company idled the employees of RF Engineering Energy Resource, LLC. 

Debt
and Equity Developments 

On
January 17, 2023 and February 1, 2023, the Company sold unsecured promissory notes in the principal amounts of and , which
were due on or before July 30, 2023 and July 31, 2023, respectively. These notes remain outstanding and in default. 

During
January 2023, pursuant to a limited time offer, certain Note N convertible note holders agreed to amend their note and convert an aggregate
of million principal of their notes and million of accrued interest into shares of the Company s common stock. 

On March 14, 2023, the Company amended Note F to extend the maturity
date to with an interest rate of . Effective September 15, 2023, the holder also has ability to convert principal and
interest into shares of the Company s common stock at a discount to the closing price on which the conversion is elected and
became secured with a second priority security interest on the assets of its Lighter Than Air Systems Corp. (d/b/a Drone Aviation Corp)
business. In addition, the Company extended the term of the advisory agreement for an additional two years and will issue shares
of the Company s common stock for each year while the note is outstanding. Pursuant to the amended terms, the Company issued 
shares of the Company s common stock to the advisor as consideration for their services on April 13, 2023. 

On
March 31, 2023, the Company amended Note I to extend the maturity date to December 31, 2023 with an interest rate of commencing
on April 1, 2023. 

On
September 1, 2023, Dustin H. McIntire, our CTO, loaned to the Company which was used to secure a software license for the Company.
Upon being notified of the proposed loan, the Audit Committee reviewed the transaction under the related party transaction policy and
approved the transaction. The Company gave Mr. McIntire a secured convertible promissory note for the loan, due September 1,
2024, with eight per cent interest, secured by the software license. 

Litigation,
Claims and Contingencies Developments 

On
January 9, 2023, a former employee of a subsidiary of InduraPower, filed suit against the Company and the former CEO, Daniel Hodges,
in the Pima County Superior Court, Arizona, Case No. C20230116. The plaintiff has alleged that he is owed for unpaid minimum wages and
overtime wages, breach of employment contract, retaliatory termination, and alleges an unspecified amount in damages. The Company strongly
dispute plaintiff s allegations and intends to vigorously defend the lawsuit. 

F- 40 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

and post-judgment interest at . As of December 31, 2022, the Company accrued for
the full amount of the judgment. The judgment holder obtained a garnishment order against Company s banking accounts and has received
approximately in cash through the date of this filing. 

On
or about May 22, 2023, a landlord filed suit against the Company in the Circuit Court, Fairfax County, Virgina, Case No. 202307755, for
breach of a commercial lease. The plaintiff obtained a default judgment in the amount of approximately which remains unpaid
as of the date of this filing. As of December 31, 2022, the Company accrued for the full amount of the judgment in accrued liabilities
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

Nasdaq
Compliance Developments 

Throughout
most of 2022, our common stock was not in compliance with the minimum closing bid price requirement. We were given grace periods
and regained compliance on or about February 27, 2023, by having the closing bid price of our common stock exceed for a minimum
of ten (10) consecutive trading days during the grace period by implementing a 1-for-100 reverse stock split of our outstanding common
stock on February 10, 2023. 

On
February 27, 2023, the Company regained compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2), the minimum closing bid price requirement minimum bid price price of the Company s common stock following the successful filing of its Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022, and September 30, 2022 pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1),
which requires listed companies to timely file all required periodic financial reports filing requirements with the Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC ). 

On
March 31, 2023, the Company filed a notice of late filing on Form 12b-25 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC to report that its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K would not be timely
filed. On April 18, 2023, the Company received a notice from The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq stating that because
the Company has not yet filed the Form 10-K, the Company is no longer in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1), which requires
listed companies to timely file all required periodic financial reports with the SEC. On May 17, 2023, the Company received a notice
from Nasdaq stating that because the Company has not yet filed the Form 10-K or its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
March 31, 2023 (the Form 10-Q ), the Company is not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules. On August 16, 2023, the Company
received a notice from Nasdaq stating that because the Company has not yet filed its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
June 30, 2023, the Company is not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules. On October 16, 2023, the Company received notice from the
Listing Qualifications Staff (the Staff indicating that the Staff had determined to delist the Company s securities
unless the Company timely requests a hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ). The Staff s determination
was based upon the Company s continued non-compliance with the filing requirement set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5250(c)(1) because
the Company has not filed its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the Forms 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2023
and June 30, 2023. On November 16, 2023, the Company received a notice from Nasdaq stating that because the Company has not yet filed
its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2023, the Company is not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rules. 

The Company requested and obtained a hearing before the Panel as well
as a further stay of any additional action by Nasdaq pending the issuance of a decision by the Panel. There can be no assurance that a
favorable decision will be obtained. 

If
the Company fails to timely regain compliance with the Nasdaq Listing Rule within any grace period granted by the Nasdaq Hearings Panel,
the Company s common stock, warrants and Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock will be subject to delisting
from Nasdaq. There is no assurance that the Company will regain compliance during any grace periods or be able to maintain compliance
with Nasdaq s listing requirements in the future. If we are not able to regain compliance during a grace period, Nasdaq will notify
us that our common stock, warrants, and Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock will be delisted from The Nasdaq
Capital Market. 

On
June 21, 2023, the Company received a letter from the Listing Qualifications Department of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying the Company that, for the last 30 consecutive business days, the Company s minimum Market Value of Publicly Held Shares,
as defined by Nasdaq MVPHS ), of the Company s Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock Preferred
Stock has been below the minimum million requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5555(a)(4)
(the Minimum Market Value of Publicly Held Shares Requirement ). Under Nasdaq rules, the Company will have the opportunity
to appeal the delisting decision to a Nasdaq Hearings Panel. There can be no assurance that, if the Company decides to appeal the delisting
determination, such appeal would be successful. 

In
accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(D), the Company has been provided a compliance period of 180 calendar days from receipt
of the letter, or until December 18, 2023, to regain compliance with the Minimum Market Value of Publicly Held Shares Requirement. To
regain compliance with the Minimum Market Value of Publicly Held Shares Requirement, the Company s Preferred Stock MVPHS must be
 million or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive business days during the compliance period ending on December 18, 2023. There can
be no assurance that the Company will be able to regain compliance with either listing requirement. 

F- 41 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex3-1_comsovereign.htm
 RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

Exhibit 3.1 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 

 OF 

 COMSOVEREIGN
HOLDING CORP. 

 a
Nevada Corporation 

ARTICLE
I 

 NAME 

The
name of the corporation is COMSovereign Holding Corp. (the Corporation ). 

ARTICLE
II 

 RESIDENT
AGENT AND REGISTERED OFFICE 

The
name of the Corporation s resident agent for service of process is C T Corporation System, whose registered office for service
of process is located at 701 S. Carson Street, Suite 200, Carson City, NV, 89701. 

ARTICLE
III 

 CAPITAL
STOCK 

3.01 Authorized
Capital Stock. The total number of shares of stock this Corporation is authorized to issue shall be four hundred million (400,000,000)
shares, par value .0001 per share. This stock shall be divided into two classes to be designated as Common Stock and Blank
Check Preferred Stock Preferred Stock ). 

3.02 Common
Stock The total number of authorized shares of Common Stock shall be three hundred million (300,000,000). 

Upon
the effectiveness of this Certificate of Amendment, (the Effective Time ), each share of the Common Stock, issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time, will be automatically reclassified as and converted into 0.01 of a share of Common Stock; provided,
however, that no fractional shares shall be issued to stockholders as a result of the foregoing reclassification and that in lieu thereof,
the Corporation shall, after aggregating all fractions of a share to which a holder would otherwise be entitled, round any resulting
fractional shares up to the nearest whole share. Any stock certificate that, immediately prior to the Effective Time, represented shares
of Common Stock will, from and after the Effective Time, automatically and without the necessity of presenting the same for exchange,
represent the number of shares of Common Stock as equals the product obtained by multiplying the number of shares of Common Stock represented
by such certificate immediately prior to the Effective Time by 0.01, but giving effect to the rounding of fractional shares provided
for in the immediately preceding sentence. 

3.03 Blank
Check Preferred Stock The total number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock shall be one hundred million (100,000,000) shares.
The board of directors shall have the authority to authorize the issuance of the Preferred Stock from time to time in one or more classes
or series, and to state in the resolution or resolutions from time to time adopted providing for the issuance thereof the following: 

(a) Whether
or not the class or series shall have voting rights, full or limited, the nature and qualifications, limitations and restrictions on
those rights, or whether the class or series will be without voting rights; 

(c) The
number of shares to constitute the class or series and the designation thereof; 

(d) The
preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions
thereof; if any, with respect to any class or series; 

1 

(e) Whether
or not the shares of any class or series shall be redeemable and if redeemable, the redemption price or prices, and the time or times
at which, and the terms and conditions upon which, such shares shall be redeemable and the manner of redemption; 

(f) Whether
or not the shares of a class or series shall be subject to the operation of retirement or sinking funds to be applied to the purchase
or redemption of such shares for retirement, and if such retirement or sinking funds be established, the amount and the terms and provisions
thereof; 

(g) The
dividend rate, whether dividends are payable in cash, stock of the Corporation, or other property, the conditions upon which and the
times when such dividends are payable, the preference to or the relation to the payment of dividends payable on any other class or classes
or series of stock, whether or not such dividend shall be cumulative or noncumulative, and if cumulative, the date or dates from which
such dividends shall accumulate; 

(h) The
preferences, if any, and the amounts thereof which the holders of any class or series thereof are entitled to receive upon the voluntary
or involuntary dissolution of, or upon any distribution of assets of, the Corporation; 

(i) Whether
or not the shares of any class or series are convertible into, or exchangeable for, the shares of any other class or classes or of any
other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation and the conversion price or prices or ratio or ratios
or the rate or rates at which such exchange may be made, with such adjustments, if any, as shall be stated and expressed or provided
for in such resolution or resolutions; and 

(j) Such
other rights and provisions with respect to any class or series as may to the board of directors seem advisable. 

The
shares of each class or series of the Preferred Stock may vary from the shares of any other class or series thereof in any respect. The
Board of Directors may increase the number of shares of the Preferred Stock designated for any existing class or series by a resolution
adding to such class or series authorized and unissued shares of the Preferred Stock not designated for any existing class or series
of the Preferred Stock and the shares so subtracted shall become authorized, unissued and undesignated shares of the Preferred Stock. 

ARTICLE
IV 

 DIRECTORS 

The
number of directors comprising the board of directors shall be fixed and may be increased or decreased from time to time in the manner
provided in the bylaws of the Corporation, except that at no time shall there be less than one director. 

ARTICLE
V 

 PURPOSE 

The
purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the Nevada Corporation
Act. 

ARTICLE
VI 

 DIRECTORS 
AND OFFICERS LIABILITY 

The
individual liability of the directors and officers of the Corporation is hereby eliminated to the fullest extent permitted by the Nevada
Corporation Act, as the same may be amended and supplemented. Any repeal or modification of this Article by the stockholders of the Corporation
shall be prospective only, and shall not adversely affect any limitation on the personal liability of a director or officer of the Corporation
for acts or omissions prior to such repeal or modification. 

2 

ARTICLE
VII 
INDEMNITY 

Every
person who was or is a party to, or is threatened to be made a party to, or is involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he, or a person of whom he is the legal representative, is or was
a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another
corporation, or as its representative in a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall be indemnified and held harmless
to the fullest extent legally permissible under the laws of the State of Nevada from time to time against all expenses, liability and
loss (including attorneys fees, judgments, fines and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement) reasonably incurred or suffered
by him in connection therewith. Such right of indemnification shall be a contract right which may be enforced in any manner desired by
such person. The expenses of officers and directors incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding must be paid
by the Corporation as they are incurred and in advance of the final disposition of the action, suit or proceeding, upon receipt of an
undertaking by or on behalf of the director or officer to repay the amount if it is ultimately determined by a court of competent jurisdiction
that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation. Such right of indemnification shall not be exclusive of any other right
which such directors, officers or representatives may have or hereafter acquire, and, without limiting the generality of such statement,
they shall be entitled to their respective rights of indemnification under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders, provision of law,
or otherwise, as well as their rights under this Article. 

Without
limiting the application of the foregoing, the board of directors may adopt bylaws from time to time with respect to indemnification,
to provide at all times the fullest indemnification permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada, and may cause the Corporation to purchase
and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request
of the Corporation as director or officer of another corporation, or as its representative in a partnership, joint venture, trust or
other enterprises against any liability asserted against such person and incurred in any such capacity or arising out of such status,
whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person. 

The
indemnification provided in this Article shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent, and
shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such person. 

IN
WITNESS HEREOF , the undersigned has executed this Certificate of Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation as of February 8,
2023. 

By: 
 /s/ David A. Knight 

Name: 
 David A. Knight 

Title: 
 CEO 

3 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-3.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex3-2_comsovereign.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BY-LAWS

Exhibit 3.2 

BYLAWS 

 OF 

 COMSOVEREIGN
HOLDING CORP. 

ARTICLE
I 

 OFFICES 

Section
1.1. Registered Office . The registered office and registered agent of COMSovereign Holding Corp. (the Corporation shall be as from time to time set forth in the Corporation s Articles of Incorporation. 

Section
1.2. Other Offices . The Corporation may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Nevada, as
the Board of Directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require. 

ARTICLE
II 

 STOCKHOLDERS 

Section
2.1. Place of Meetings . All meetings of the stockholders for the election of Directors shall be held at such place, within or
without the State of Nevada, as may be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors. Meetings of stockholders for any other purpose
may be held at such time and place, within or without the State of Nevada, as shall be stated in the notice of the meeting or in a duly
executed waiver of notice thereof. 

Section
2.2. Annual Meeting . An annual meeting of the stockholders shall be held at such time as may be determined by the Board of Directors,
at which meeting the stockholders shall elect a Board of Directors and transact such other business as may properly be brought before
the meeting. 

Section
2.3. List of Stockholders . At least ten days before each meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled
to vote at such meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, with the address of and the number of voting shares registered in the name of
each, shall be prepared by the officer or agent having charge of the stock transfer books. Such list shall be kept on file at the registered
office of the Corporation for a period of ten days prior to such meeting and shall be subject to inspection by any stockholder at any
time during usual business hours. Such list shall be produced and kept open at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time
thereof, and shall be subject to the inspection of any stockholder who may be present. 

Section
2.4. Special Meetings . Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by law,
by the Articles of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, may be called by the Chief Executive Officer (if any) or the President or the Board
of Directors. Business transacted at all special meetings shall be confined to the purposes stated in the notice of the meeting unless
all stockholders entitled to vote are present and consent. 

Section
2.5. Notice . Written or printed notice stating the place, day and hour of any meeting of the stockholders and, in case of a special
meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be delivered not less than ten nor more than sixty days before
the date of the meeting, either personally or by mail, by or at the direction of the Chief Executive Officer (if any), the President,
the Secretary, or the officer or person calling the meeting, to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If mailed,
such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the mail, addressed to the stockholder at his address as it appears on
the stock transfer books and records of the Corporation or its transfer agent, with postage thereon prepaid. 

Section
2.6. Quorum . At all meetings of the stockholders, the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of 50 of the shares issued
and outstanding and entitled to vote shall be necessary and sufficient to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business except
as otherwise provided by law, by the Articles of Incorporation or by these Bylaws. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented
at any meeting of the stockholders, the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have
power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present
or represented. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned
meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. At such adjourned
meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting
as originally notified. 

1 

Section
2.7. Voting . When a quorum is present at any meeting of the Corporation s stockholders, the vote of the holders of a majority
of the shares having voting power present in person or represented by proxy at such meeting shall decide any questions brought before
such meeting, unless the question is one upon which, by express provision of law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a different
vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question. The stockholders present
at a duly organized meeting may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders
to leave less than a quorum. 

Section
2.8. Method of Voting . Each outstanding share of the Corporation s capital stock shall be entitled to one vote on each matter
submitted to a vote at a meeting of stockholders, except to the extent that the voting rights of the shares of any class or classes are
otherwise provided by applicable law or the Articles of Incorporation, as amended from time to time. At any meeting of the stockholders,
every stockholder having the right to vote shall be entitled to vote in person or by proxy appointed by an instrument in writing subscribed
by such stockholder or by his duly authorized attorney-in-fact and bearing a date not more than 6 months prior to such meeting, unless
such instrument provides for a longer period. Each proxy shall be revocable unless expressly provided therein to be irrevocable and if,
and only so long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. Such proxy shall be filed with
the Secretary of the Corporation prior to or at the time of the meeting. Voting for directors shall be in accordance with Article III
of these Bylaws. Voting on any question or in any election may be by voice vote or show of hands unless the presiding officer shall order
or any stockholder shall demand that voting be by written ballot. 

Section
2.9. Record Date; Closing Transfer Books . The Board of Directors may fix in advance a record date for the purpose of determining
stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders, such record date to be not less than ten nor more than sixty
days prior to such meeting, or the Board of Directors may close the stock transfer books for such purpose for a period of not less than
ten nor more than sixty days prior to such meeting. In the absence of any action by the Board of Directors, the date upon which the notice
of the meeting is mailed shall be the record date. 

Section
2.10. Action By Written Consent . Any action required or permitted by law, the Articles of Incorporation, or these Bylaws to be
taken at a meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation may be taken without a meeting if a consent or consents in writing, setting
forth the action so taken, shall be signed by stockholders holding at least a majority of the voting power; provided that if a different
proportion of voting power is required for such an action at a meeting, then that proportion of written consents is required. Such signed
consent shall be delivered to the Secretary for inclusion in the Minute Book of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE
III 

 BOARD
OF DIRECTORS 

Section
3.1. Management . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors,
who may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by law, the Articles of Incorporation,
a stockholders agreement or these Bylaws directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. 

Section
3.2. Qualification; Election; Term . None of the directors need be a stockholder of the Corporation or a resident of the State
of Nevada. The directors shall be elected by plurality vote at the annual meeting of the stockholders, except as hereinafter provided,
and each director elected shall hold office until his successor shall be elected and qualified. 

Section
3.3. Number . The number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate.
No decrease in the number of directors shall have the effect of shortening the term of any incumbent director. 

Section
3.4. Removal . Any director may be removed either for or without cause at any special meeting of stockholders by the affirmative
vote of at least two-thirds of the voting power of the issued and outstanding stock entitled to vote; provided, however, that notice
of intention to act upon such matter shall have been given in the notice calling such meeting. 

Section
3.5. Vacancies . Any vacancy occurring in the Board of Directors by death, resignation, removal or otherwise may be filled by an
affirmative vote of at least a majority of the remaining directors though less than a quorum of the Board of Directors. A director elected
to fill a vacancy shall be elected for the unexpired term of his predecessor in office. A directorship to be filled by reason of an increase
in the number of directors may be filled by the Board of Directors for a term of office only until the next election of one or more directors
by the stockholders. 

Section
3.6. Place of Meetings . Meetings of the Board of Directors, regular or special, may be held at such place within or without the
State of Nevada as may be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors. 

2 

Section
3.7. Annual Meeting . The first meeting of each newly elected Board of Directors shall be held without further notice immediately
following the annual meeting of stockholders and at the same place, unless by unanimous consent or unless the directors then elected
and serving shall change such time or place. 

Section
3.8. Regular Meetings . Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and place as shall from
time to time be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

Section
3.9. Special Meetings . Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chief Executive Officer (if any) or President
on oral or written notice to each director, given either personally, by telephone, by telegram or by mail, given at least forty-eight
hours prior to the time of the meeting. Special meetings shall be called by the Chief Executive Officer, President or the Secretary in
like manner and on like notice on the written request of a majority of directors. Except as may be otherwise expressly provided by law,
the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any special meeting need
to be specified in a notice or waiver of notice. 

Section
3.10. Quorum . At all meetings of the Board of Directors the presence of a majority of the number of directors shall be necessary
and sufficient to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the directors
present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the Board of Directors, except as may be otherwise specifically
provided by law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of directors, the directors
present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall
be present. 

Section
3.11. Interested Directors . No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or officers, or
between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association, or other organization in which one or more of its directors
or officers are directors or officers or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, solely because
the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof which authorizes
the contract or transaction, or solely because his or their votes are counted for such purpose, if: (1) the fact as to his relationship
or interest and as to the contract or transaction is known to the Board of Directors or the committee, and the Board of Directors or
committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative vote of a majority of the disinterested directors,
even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; or (2) the fact as to his relationship or interest and as to the contract
or transaction is known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good
faith by vote of the stockholders; or (3) the contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized,
approved, or ratified by the Board of Directors, a committee thereof, or the stockholders. Common or interested directors may be counted
in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction. 

Section
3.12. Committees . The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board of Directors, designate committees,
each committee to consist of two or more directors of the Corporation, which committees shall have such power and authority and shall
perform such functions as may be provided in such resolution. Such committee or committees shall have such name or names as may be designated
by the Board of Directors and shall keep regular minutes of their proceedings and report the same to the Board of Directors when required. 

Section
3.13. Action by Written Consent . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any
committee of the Board of Directors may be taken without such a meeting if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action
so taken, is signed by all the members of the Board of Directors or such other committee, as the case may be. 

Section
3.14. Compensation of Directors . Directors shall receive such compensation for their services, and reimbursement for their expenses
as the Board of Directors, by resolution, shall establish; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any
director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. 

ARTICLE
IV 

 NOTICE 

Section
4.1. Form of Notice . Whenever required by law, the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, notice is to be given to any director
or stockholder, and no provision is made as to how such notice shall be given, such notice may be given: (a) in writing, by mail, postage
prepaid, addressed to such director or stockholder at such address as appears on the books and records of the Corporation or its transfer
agent; or (b) in any other method permitted by law. Any notice required or permitted to be given by mail shall be deemed to be given
at the time when the same shall be deposited in the United States mail. 

3 

Section
4.2. Waiver . Whenever any notice is required to be given to any stockholder or director of the Corporation as required by law,
the Articles of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether
before or after the time stated in such notice, shall be equivalent to the giving of such notice. Attendance of a stockholder or director
at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where such stockholder or director attends for the express purpose
of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 

ARTICLE
V 

 OFFICERS
AND AGENTS 

Section
5.1. In General . The officers of the Corporation shall be elected by the Board of Directors and shall be a President, a Treasurer,
and a Secretary. The Board of Directors may also elect a Chairman of the Board of Directors, a Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Operating
Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, and one or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers.
Any two or more offices may be held by the same person. 

Section
5.2. Election . The Board of Directors, at its first meeting after each annual meeting of stockholders, shall elect the officers,
none of whom need be a member of the Board of Directors. 

Section
5.3. Other Officers and Agents . The Board of Directors may also elect and appoint such other officers and agents as it shall deem
necessary, who shall be elected and appointed for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined
from time to time by the Board of Directors. 

Section
5.4. Salaries . The salaries of all officers and agents of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors or any committee
of the Board of Directors, if so authorized by the Board of Directors. 

Section
5.5. Term of Office and Removal . Each officer of the Corporation shall hold office until his death, or his resignation or removal
from office, or the election and qualification of his successor, whichever shall first occur. Any officer or agent elected or appointed
by the Board of Directors may be removed at any time, for or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the whole Board
of Directors, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed. If the office of
any officer becomes vacant for any reason, the vacancy may be filled by the Board of Directors. 

Section
5.6. Employment and Other Contracts . The Board of Directors may authorize any officer or officers or agent or agents to enter
into any contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the name or on behalf of the Corporation, and such authority may be general
or confined to specific instances. The Board of Directors may, when it believes the interest of the Corporation will best be served thereby,
authorize executive employment contracts which will contain such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors deems appropriate. 

Section
5.7. Chairman of the Board of Directors . The Chairman of the Board of Directors, subject to the direction of the Board of Directors,
shall perform such executive, supervisory and management functions and duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the
Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board of Directors shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation and all
meetings of the Board of Directors. 

Section
5.8. Chief Executive Officer . The Chief Executive Officer shall have general and active management of the business of the Corporation
and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors are carried into effect. The Chief Executive Officer shall preside
at all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation and all meetings of the Board of Directors in the absence of the Chairman of the
Board of Directors. 

Section
5.9. President . The President shall be subject to the direction of the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer (if
any), and shall have general charge of the business, affairs and property of the Corporation and general supervision over its other officers
and agents. The President shall see that the officers carry all orders and resolutions of the Board of Directors into effect. The President
shall execute all authorized conveyances, contracts, or other obligations in the name of the Corporation except where required by law
to be otherwise signed and executed and except where the signing and execution shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors
to another officer or agent of the Corporation or reserved to the Board of Directors or any committee thereof. The President shall preside
at all meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation and all meetings of the Board of Directors in the absence of the Chairman of the
Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer. The President shall perform all duties incident to the office of the President and
such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors from time to time. 

4 

Section
5.10. Chief Operating Officer . The Chief Operating Officer shall be subject to the direction of the Chief Executive Officer (if
any), the President and the Board of Directors and shall have day-to-day managerial responsibility for the operation of the Corporation. 

Section
5.11. Chief Financial Officer . The Chief Financial Officer shall be subject to the direction of the Chief Executive Officer (if
any), the President and the Board of Directors and shall have day-to-day managerial responsibility for the finances of the Corporation. 

Section
5.12. Vice Presidents . Each Vice President shall have such powers and perform such duties as the Board of Directors or any committee
thereof may from time to time prescribe, or as the President may from time to time delegate to him. In the absence or disability of the
President, any Vice President may perform the duties and exercise the powers of the President. 

Section
5.13. Secretary . The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the stockholders and record all votes and the minutes of all proceedings
in a book to be kept for that purpose. The Secretary shall perform like duties for the Board of Directors when required. He shall give,
or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors and shall perform such
other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors under whose supervision he shall be. He shall keep in safe custody the seal
of the Corporation. He shall be under the supervision of the President. He shall perform such other duties and have such other authority
and powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe or as the President may from time to time delegate. 

Section
5.14. Assistant Secretaries . Each Assistant Secretary shall have such powers and perform such duties as the Board of Directors
may from time to time prescribe or as the President may from time to time delegate to him. 

Section
5.15. Treasurer . The Treasurer shall have the custody of all corporate funds and securities, shall keep full and accurate accounts
of receipts and disbursements of the Corporation, and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit
of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors. He shall disburse the funds of the Corporation
as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, shall render to the Directors, at the regular
meetings of the Board of Directors, or whenever they may require it, an account of all his transactions as Treasurer and of the financial
condition of the Corporation, and shall perform such other duties as the Board of Directors may prescribe or the President may from time
to time delegate. 

Section
5.16. Assistant Treasurers . Each Assistant Treasurer shall have such powers and perform such duties as the Board of Directors
may from time to time prescribe or as the President may from time to time delegate to him. 

Section
5.17. Bonding . If required by the Board of Directors, all or certain of the officers shall give the Corporation a bond, in such
form, in such sum, and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the Board of Directors, for the faithful performance
of the duties of their office and for the restoration to the Corporation, in case of their death, resignation, retirement or removal
from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever kind in their possession or under their control belonging
to the Corporation. 

ARTICLE
VI 

 CERTIFICATES
OF SHARES 

Section
6.1. Form of Certificates . The Corporation may, but is not required to, deliver to each stockholder a certificate or certificates,
in such form as may be determined by the Board of Directors, representing shares to which the stockholder is entitled. Such certificates
shall be consecutively numbered and shall be registered on the books and records the Corporation or its transfer agent as they are issued.
Each certificate shall state on the face thereof the holder s name, the number, class of shares, and the par value of such shares
or a statement that such shares are without par value. 

Section
6.2. Shares without Certificates . The Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of uncertificated shares of some or all of
the shares of any or all of its classes or series. The issuance of uncertificated shares has no effect on existing certificates for shares
until surrendered to the Corporation, or on the respective rights and obligations of the stockholders. Unless otherwise provided by the
Nevada Revised Statutes, the rights and obligations of stockholders are identical whether or not their shares of stock are represented
by certificates. Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated shares, the Corporation shall send the stockholder
a written statement containing the information required on the certificates pursuant to Section 6.1 . 

5 

Section
6.3. Lost Certificates . The Board of Directors may direct that a new certificate be issued, or that uncertificated shares be issued,
in place of any certificate theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit
of that fact by the person claiming the certificate to be lost or destroyed. When authorizing such issue of a new certificate or uncertificated
shares, the Board of Directors, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the issuance thereof, may require the owner of such
lost or destroyed certificate, or his legal representative, to advertise the same in such manner as it shall require and/or to give the
Corporation a bond, in such form, in such sum, and with such surety or sureties as it may direct as indemnity against any claim that
may be made against the Corporation with respect to the certificate alleged to have been lost or destroyed. When a certificate has been
lost, apparently destroyed or wrongfully taken, and the holder of record fails to notify the Corporation within a reasonable time after
he has notice of it, and the Corporation registers a transfer of the shares represented by the certificate before receiving such notification,
the holder of record is precluded from making any claim against the Corporation for the transfer or a new certificate or uncertificated
shares. 

Section
6.4. Transfer of Shares . Shares of stock shall be transferable only on the books of the Corporation or its transfer agent by the
holder thereof in person or by his duly authorized attorney. Upon surrender to the Corporation or the transfer agent of the Corporation
of a certificate representing shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignment or authority to transfer,
it shall be the duty of the Corporation or the transfer agent of the Corporation to issue a new certificate to the person entitled thereto,
cancel the old certificate and record the transaction upon its books. 

Section
6.5. Registered Stockholders . The Corporation shall be entitled to treat the holder of record of any share or shares of stock
as the holder in fact thereof and, accordingly, shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share
or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided
by law. 

ARTICLE
VII 

 GENERAL
PROVISIONS 

Section
7.1. Dividends . Dividends upon the outstanding shares of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of the Articles of Incorporation,
if any, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting. Dividends may be declared and paid in cash, in property,
or in shares of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes and the Articles of Incorporation. The Board
of Directors may fix in advance a record date for the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend,
such record date to be not more than sixty days prior to the payment date of such dividend, or the Board of Directors may close the stock
transfer books for such purpose for a period of not more than sixty days prior to the payment date of such dividend. In the absence of
any action by the Board of Directors, the date upon which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution declaring such dividend shall
be the record date. 

Section
7.2. Reserves . There may be created by resolution of the Board of Directors out of the surplus of the Corporation such reserve
or reserves as the directors from time to time, in their discretion, think proper to provide for contingencies, or to equalize dividends,
or to repair or maintain any property of the Corporation, or for such other purpose as the directors shall think beneficial to the Corporation,
and the directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created. Surplus of the Corporation to the extent
so reserved shall not be available for the payment of dividends or other distributions by the Corporation. 

Section
7.3. Telephone and Similar Meetings . Stockholders, directors and committee members may participate in and hold a meeting by means
of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other. Participation
in such a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting, except where a person participates in the meeting for the express
purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 

Section
7.4. Books and Records . The Corporation shall keep correct and complete books and records of account and minutes of the proceedings
of its stockholders and Board of Directors, and shall keep at its registered office or principal place of business, or at the office
of its transfer agent or registrar, a record of its stockholders, giving the names and addresses of all stockholders and the number and
class of the shares held by each. 

Section
7.5. Checks and Notes . All checks or demands for money and notes of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers
or such other person or persons as the Board of Directors may from time to time designate. 

Section
7.6. Loans . No loans shall be contracted on behalf of the Corporation and no evidence of indebtedness shall be issued in its name
unless authorized by a resolution of the Board of Directors. Such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. 

Section
7.7. Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed, and shall be subject to change, by the Board of Directors. 

Section
7.8. Seal . The Corporation may have a seal, and such seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or
affixed or reproduced or otherwise. Any officer of the Corporation shall have authority to affix the seal to any document requiring it. 

6 

Section
7.9. Indemnification . The Corporation shall indemnify its directors to the fullest extent permitted by the Nevada Revised Statutes
and may, if and to the extent authorized by the Board of Directors, so indemnify its officers and any other person whom it has the power
to indemnify against liability, reasonable expense or other matter whatsoever. 

Section
7.10. Insurance . The Corporation may at the discretion of the Board of Directors purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of
any person who holds or who has held any position identified in Section 7.9 against any and all liability incurred by such person
in any such position or arising out of his status as such. 

Section
7.11. Resignation . Any director, officer or agent may resign by giving written notice to the President or the Secretary. Such
resignation shall take effect at the time specified therein or immediately if no time is specified therein. Unless otherwise specified
therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 

Section
7.12. Amendment of Bylaws . These Bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed at any meeting of the Board of Directors at which
a quorum is present, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Directors present at such meeting. 

Section
7.13. Invalid Provisions . If any part of these Bylaws shall be held invalid or inoperative for any reason, the remaining parts,
so far as possible and reasonable, shall be valid and operative. 

Section
7.14. Relation to Articles of Incorporation . These Bylaws are subject to, and governed by, the Articles of Incorporation. 

APPROVED
AND ADOPTED this 3rd day of February, 2023 

/s/ Kevin M. Sherlock 

Kevin M. Sherlock 

General Counsel and Secretary 

7 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-4.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex4-1_comsovereign.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTERED SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE COMPANY S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

COMSovereign
Holding Corp. (the Company has three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) our common stock and (ii) our 9.25 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual
Preferred Stock and (iii) our publicly-traded warrants (the Warrants ). 

DESCRIPTION
OF CAPITAL STOCK 

The
following description of our common stock and Series A Preferred Stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject
to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate
of Incorporation ), including the Certificate of Designations relating to our Series A Preferred Stock (the Certificate
of Designations ), and our Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which are incorporated by reference
as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation,
the Certificate of Designations, our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes NRS for additional
information. 

Our
authorized capital stock consists of 300,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (our common stock ),
and 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of which 600,000 shares have been designated as 9.25 Series A
Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Stock (our Series A Preferred Stock ). 

As
of November 20, 2023, 2,695,571 shares of common stock and 320,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

General 

The
following summary of certain provisions of our common stock does not purport to be complete. This description is summarized from, and
is qualified in its entirety by reference to, our amended and restated articles of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws,
to which you should refer and both of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this
Exhibit 4.1 is a part. The summary below is also qualified by provisions of applicable law, including Chapters 78 and 92A of the Nevada
Revised Statutes (the NRS ), as applicable to corporations. 

Voting,
Dividend and Other Rights. Each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote on all matters presented to the
shareholders for a vote. Holders of shares of common stock have no cumulative voting, pre-emptive, subscription or conversion rights.
All shares of common stock to be issued pursuant to this registration statement will be duly authorized, fully paid and non-assessable.
Our board of directors determines if and when distributions may be paid out of legally available funds to the holders. To date, we have
not declared any dividends with respect to our common stock. Our declaration of any cash dividends in the future will depend on our board
of directors determination as to whether, in light of our earnings, financial position, cash requirements and other relevant factors
existing at the time, it appears advisable to do so. We do not anticipate paying cash dividends on the common stock in the foreseeable
future. 

Rights
Upon Liquidation. Upon liquidation, subject to the right of any holders of the preferred stock to receive preferential distributions,
each outstanding share of common stock may participate pro rata in the assets remaining after payment of, or adequate provision for,
all our known debts and liabilities. 

Majority
Voting. The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock constitute a quorum at any meeting of the shareholders.
A plurality of the votes cast at a meeting of shareholders elects our directors. The common stock does not have cumulative voting rights.
Therefore, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock can elect all of our directors. In general, a majority
of the votes cast at a meeting of shareholders must authorize shareholder actions other than the election of directors. Most amendments
to our articles of incorporation require the vote of the holders of a majority of all outstanding voting shares. 

All
issued and outstanding shares of common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. Shares of our common stock that may be offered, from
time to time, under this prospectus will be fully paid and nonassessable. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is ClearTrust, LLC. ClearTrust, LLC s address is 16540 Pointe Village Drive,
Suite 210, Lutz, FL 33558 and its telephone number is (813) 235-4490. 

1 

Stock
Exchange Listing 

Our
common stock is listed for quotation on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol COMS. 

A nti-Takeover
Effects of Certain Provisions of Our Articles of Incorporation, as Amended, and Our Bylaws 

Provisions
of our articles of incorporation, as amended, and our bylaws could make it more difficult to acquire us by means of a merger, tender
offer, proxy contest, open market purchases, removal of incumbent directors and otherwise. These provisions, which are summarized below,
are expected to discourage types of coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage persons seeking to acquire
control of us to first negotiate with us. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate
with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging takeover
or acquisition proposals because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 

Calling
of Special Meetings of Stockholders. Our bylaws provide that special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by the chief
executive officer, if any, or the president or the board of directors. 

Removal
of Directors; Vacancies. Our bylaws provide that a director may be removed either for or without cause at any special meeting of
stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the voting power of the issued and outstanding stock entitled to vote;
provided, however, that notice of intention to act upon such matter shall have been given in the notice calling such meeting. 

Amendment
of Bylaws. The bylaws provide that the bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed at any meeting of the board of directors at which
a quorum is present, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present at such meeting. 

Preferred
Stock. Our articles of incorporation, as amended, authorize the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock with such
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors in their sole discretion. Our board of directors
may, without stockholder approval, issue series of preferred stock with dividends, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights that
could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

Ranking 

The
Series A Preferred Stock will rank, with respect to distribution rights and rights upon voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of our affairs: 

senior
 to all classes or series of our common stock and to any other class or series of our capital stock expressly designated as ranking
 junior to the Series A Preferred Stock; 

on
 parity with any class or series of our capital stock expressly designated as ranking on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock,
 none of which exists on the date hereof; and 

junior
 to any other class or series of our capital stock expressly designated as ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock, none
 of which exists on the date hereof. 

The
term capital stock does not include convertible or exchangeable debt securities, which, prior to conversion or exchange,
will rank senior in right of payment to the Series A Preferred Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock will also rank junior in
right of payment to our other existing and future debt obligations. 

Dividends 

Subject
to the preferential rights of the holders of any class or series of our capital stock ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock
with respect to distribution rights, holders of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive, when, as and
if authorized by our board of directors and declared by us out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, cumulative cash
dividends at the rate of 9.25 per annum of the 25.00 liquidation preference per share of the Series A Preferred Stock (equivalent
to the fixed annual amount of 2.3125 per share of the Series A Preferred Stock). 

Dividends
on the Series A Preferred Stock will accrue and be cumulative from, and including, the date of original issue and will be payable
to holders monthly in arrears on or about the 20 th day of each month or, if such day is not a business day,
on either the immediately preceding business day or next succeeding business day at our option, in each case with the same
force and effect as if made on such date. The term business day means each day, other than a Saturday or a Sunday,
which is not a day on which banks in New York are required by law, regulation or executive order to close. 

2 

The
amount of any dividend payable on the Series A Preferred Stock for any period greater or less than a full dividend period will be
prorated and computed on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. A dividend period is the respective period
commencing on and including the 20 th day of each month and ending on and including the day preceding the 20 th day
of the next succeeding month (other than the initial dividend period and the dividend period during which any shares of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be redeemed). Dividends will be payable to holders of record as they appear in our stock records at the close of
business on the applicable record date, which shall be the last day of the immediately preceding calendar month. 

The
first dividend on the Series A Preferred stock was paid on November 20, 2021 and was a pro rata dividend from, and including, the
original issue date to and including November 19, 2021 in the amount of 0.14 per share. 

Dividends
on the Series A Preferred Stock will accrue whether or not: 

we
 have earnings; 

there
 are funds legally available for the payment of those dividends; or 

those
 dividends are authorized or declared. 

Except
as described in this paragraph and the next paragraph, unless full cumulative dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock for all
past dividend periods shall have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid in cash or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment
thereof in cash is set apart for payment, we will not: 

declare
 and pay or declare and set aside for payment of dividends, and we will not declare and make any distribution of cash or other property,
 directly or indirectly, on or with respect to any shares of our common stock or shares of any other class or series of our capital
 stock ranking, as to distributions, on parity with or junior to the Series A Preferred Stock, for any period; or 

redeem,
 purchase or otherwise acquire for any consideration, or make any other distribution of cash or other property, directly or indirectly,
 on or with respect to, or pay or make available any monies for a sinking fund for the redemption of, any shares of our common stock
 or shares of any other class or series of our capital stock ranking, as to distributions and upon liquidation, on parity with or
 junior to the Series A Preferred Stock. 

The
foregoing sentence, however, will not prohibit: 

dividends
 payable solely in shares of our common stock or shares of any other class or series of our capital stock ranking junior to the Series A
 Preferred Stock as to payment of distributions and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution and winding up; and 

the
 conversion into or in exchange for other shares of any class or series of capital stock ranking junior to the Series A Preferred
 Stock as to payment of distributions and the distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution and winding up. 

When
we do not pay dividends in full (or do not set apart a sum sufficient to pay them in full) on the Series A Preferred Stock and the
shares of any other class or series of capital stock ranking, as to distributions, on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock,
we will declare any dividends upon the Series A Preferred Stock and each such other class or series of capital stock ranking, as
to distributions, on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock pro rata, so that the amount of dividends declared per share of Series A
Preferred Stock and such other class or series of capital stock will in all cases bear to each other the same ratio that accrued dividends
per share on the Series A Preferred Stock and such other class or series of capital stock (which will not include any accrual in
respect of unpaid dividends on such other class or series of capital stock for prior dividend periods if such other class or series of
capital stock does not have a cumulative dividend) bear to each other. No interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, will be payable
in respect of any dividend payment or payments on the Series A Preferred Stock which may be in arrears. 

Holders
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock are not entitled to any dividend, whether payable in cash, property or shares of capital stock,
in excess of full cumulative dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock as described above. Any dividend payment made on the Series A
Preferred Stock will first be credited against the earliest accrued but unpaid dividends due with respect to those shares which remain
payable. Accrued but unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock will accumulate as of the dividend payment date on which they
first become payable. 

We
do not intend to declare dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock, or pay or set apart for payment dividends on the Series A
Preferred Stock, if the terms of any of our agreements, including any agreements relating to our indebtedness, prohibit such a declaration,
payment or setting apart for payment or provide that such declaration, payment or setting apart for payment would constitute a breach
of or default under such an agreement. Likewise, no dividends will be authorized by our board of directors and declared by us or paid
or set apart for payment if such authorization, declaration or payment is restricted or prohibited by law. We are and may in the future
become a party to agreements that restrict or prevent the payment of dividends on, or the purchase or redemption of, our capital stock.
Under certain circumstances, these agreements could restrict or prevent the payment of dividends on or the purchase or redemption of
Series A Preferred Stock. These restrictions may be indirect (for example, covenants requiring us to maintain specified levels of
net worth or assets) or direct. We do not believe that these restrictions currently have any adverse impact on our ability to pay dividends
to holders or make redemptions of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

3 

In
addition to the dividends set forth above, in the event of any dividend or distribution declared on or paid on our common stock, the
holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to such dividends paid and distributions made to the holders of our common stock
to the same extent as if such holders of Series A Preferred Stock had converted the Series A Preferred Stock into shares of our common
stock at an assumed conversion price equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the 25.00 liquidation preference of the Series A Preferred
Stock by the closing price of shares of our common stock on the exchange upon which our common stock is then listed or quoted on the
Record Date for determining dividends on our common stock or if no Record Date has been set, then the Declaration Date as if the holders
of Series A Preferred Stock held such shares of common stock on such date. If, on the Distribution Date, our common stock is not listed
or quoted on an exchange or the OTC Markets, the closing price of a share of common stock shall be determined by an independent appraiser
selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding and reasonably acceptable
to us, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by us. Payments under the preceding sentence shall be made concurrently with the
dividend or distribution to the holders of our common stock. 

Liquidation
Preference 

Upon
any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, before any distribution or payment shall be made
to holders of shares of our common stock or any other class or series of our capital stock ranking, as to rights upon any voluntary or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, junior to the Series A Preferred Stock, holders of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to be paid out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders, after
payment of or provision for our debts and other liabilities and any class or series of our capital stock ranking, as to rights upon any
voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs, senior to the Series A Preferred Stock, a liquidation
preference of 25.00 per share of the Series A Preferred Stock, plus an amount equal to any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether
or not authorized or declared) up to, but excluding, the date of payment. If, upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution
or winding up, our available assets are insufficient to pay the full amount of the liquidating distributions on all outstanding shares
of Series A Preferred Stock and the corresponding amounts payable on all shares of each other class or series of capital stock ranking,
as to rights upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock in the distribution of assets,
then holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and each such other class or series of capital stock ranking, as to rights upon
any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock will share ratably
in any distribution of assets in proportion to the full liquidating distributions to which they would otherwise be respectively entitled. 

Holders
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to written notice of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of our affairs stating the payment date or dates when, and the place or places where, the amounts distributable in such
circumstances shall be payable not fewer than 30 days and not more than 60 days prior to the distribution payment date. After
payment of the full amount of the liquidating distributions to which they are entitled, holders of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock will have no right or claim to any of our remaining assets. Our consolidation or merger with or into any other corporation, trust
or other entity, or the voluntary sale, lease, transfer or conveyance of all or substantially all of our property or business, will not
be deemed to constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs. 

In
determining whether a distribution (other than upon voluntary or involuntary liquidation), by dividend, redemption or other acquisition
of shares of our capital stock or otherwise, is permitted under Nevada law, amounts that would be needed, if we were to be dissolved
at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of holders of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock will not be added to our total liabilities. 

Optional
Redemption 

Except
with respect to the special optional redemption described below, we cannot redeem the Series A Preferred Stock prior to April 29,
2024. On and after April 29, 2024, we may, at our option, upon not fewer than 30 and not more than 60 days written notice,
redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for cash at a redemption price of 25.00
per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends (whether or not authorized or declared) up to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption,
without interest, to the extent we have funds legally available for that purpose. 

If
fewer than all of the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the shares of Series A Preferred
Stock will be redeemed pro rata (as nearly as may be practicable without creating fractional shares) or by lot as we determine. In order
for their shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed, holders must surrender their shares at the place, or in accordance
with the book-entry procedures, designated in the notice of redemption. Holders will then be entitled to the redemption price and any
accrued and unpaid dividends payable upon redemption following surrender of the shares as detailed below. If a notice of redemption has
been given, if the funds necessary for the redemption have been set aside by us in trust for the benefit of the holders of any shares
of Series A Preferred Stock called for redemption and if irrevocable instructions have been given to pay the redemption price and
any accrued and unpaid dividends, then from and after the redemption date, dividends will cease to accrue on such shares of Series A
Preferred Stock and such shares of Series A Preferred Stock will no longer be deemed outstanding. At such time, all rights of the
holders of such shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price plus any accrued and unpaid dividends payable
upon redemption, without interest. So long as no dividends payable on the Series A Preferred Stock and any Parity Preferred Stock
are in arrears for any past dividend periods that have ended and subject to the provisions of applicable law, we may from time to time
repurchase all or any part of the Series A Preferred Stock, including the repurchase of shares of Series A Preferred Stock
in open-market transactions and individual purchases at such prices as we negotiate, in each case as duly authorized by our board of
directors. Regardless of whether dividends are paid in full on the Series A Preferred Stock or any Parity Preferred Stock, we may
purchase or acquire shares of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant to a purchase or exchange offer made on the same terms to holders
of all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 

4 

Unless
full cumulative dividends on all shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been or contemporaneously are declared and paid or are
declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof is set apart for payment for all past dividend periods that have ended, no shares
of Series A Preferred Stock will be redeemed unless all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock are simultaneously redeemed
and we will not purchase or otherwise acquire directly or indirectly any shares of Series A Preferred Stock or any class or series
of our capital stock ranking, as to distributions or upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, on parity with or junior to the Series A
Preferred Stock (except by exchange for our capital stock ranking junior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to distributions and
upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up). 

We
will mail a notice of redemption, postage prepaid, not fewer than 30 nor more than 60 days prior to the redemption date, addressed
to the respective holders of record of the Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed at their respective addresses as they appear
on our stock transfer records as maintained by the transfer agent named in Transfer Agent. No failure to give,
nor defect in, such notice, nor in the mailing thereof, shall affect the validity of the proceedings for the redemption of any shares
of Series A Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective or not given. In addition to any information required
by law or by the applicable rules of any exchange upon which the Series A Preferred Stock may be listed or admitted to trading,
each notice will state: 

the
 redemption date; 

the
 redemption price; 

the
 number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed; 

the
 place or places where the certificates, if any, representing shares of Series A Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment
 of the redemption price; 

procedures
 for surrendering noncertificated shares of Series A Preferred Stock for payment of the redemption price; 

that
 dividends on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed will cease to accumulate on such redemption date; and 

that
 payment of the redemption price and any accumulated and unpaid dividends will be made upon presentation and surrender of such Series A
 Preferred Stock. 

If
fewer than all of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by any holder are to be redeemed, the notice mailed to such holder
will also specify the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder to be redeemed. 

If
a redemption date falls after a dividend record date and on or prior to the corresponding dividend payment date, each holder of shares
of the Series A Preferred Stock at the close of business of such dividend record date will be entitled to the dividend payable on
such shares on the corresponding dividend payment date notwithstanding the redemption of such shares on or prior to such dividend payment
date. Except as described above, we will make no payment or allowance for unpaid dividends, whether or not in arrears, on Series A
Preferred Stock for which a notice of redemption has been given. 

All
shares of Series A Preferred Stock that we redeem or repurchase will be retired and restored to the status of authorized but unissued
shares of preferred stock, without designation as to series or class. 

Special
Optional Redemption 

Upon
the occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined below), we may, at our option, redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or
in part within 120 days after the first date on which such Change of Control occurred, by paying 25.00 per share, plus any accrued
and unpaid dividends up to, but excluding, the date of redemption. 

We
will mail to you, if you are a record holder of the Series A Preferred Stock, a notice of redemption no fewer than 30 days
nor more than 60 days before the redemption date. We will send the notice to your address shown on our share transfer books. A failure
to give notice of redemption or any defect in the notice or in its mailing will not affect the validity of the redemption of any Series A
Preferred Stock except as to the holder to whom notice was defective. Each notice will state the following: 

the
 redemption date; 

the
 redemption price; 

the
 number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed; 

the
 place or places where the certificates, if any, representing shares of Series A Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment
 of the redemption price; 

5 

procedures
 for surrendering noncertificated shares of Series A Preferred Stock for payment of the redemption price; 

that
 dividends on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed will cease to accumulate on such redemption date; 

that
 payment of the redemption price and any accumulated and unpaid dividends will be made upon presentation and surrender of such Series A
 Preferred Stock; and 

that
 the Series A Preferred Stock is being redeemed pursuant to our special optional redemption right in connection with the occurrence
 of a Change of Control and a brief description of the transaction or transactions constituting such Change of Control. 

If
we redeem fewer than all of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock, the notice of redemption mailed to each stockholder
will also specify the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock that we will redeem from each stockholder. In this case, we will
determine the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed, on a pro rata basis, as described above in Optional
Redemption. 

If
we have given a notice of redemption, have set aside sufficient funds for the redemption in trust for the benefit of the holders of the
Series A Preferred Stock called for redemption and have given irrevocable instructions to pay the redemption price and any accrued
and unpaid dividends, then from and after the redemption date, those shares of Series A Preferred Stock will be treated as no longer
being outstanding, no further dividends will accrue and all other rights of the holders of those shares of Series A Preferred Stock
will terminate. The holders of those shares of Series A Preferred Stock will retain their right to receive the redemption price
for their shares and any accrued and unpaid dividends up to, but excluding, the redemption date, without interest. 

The
holders of Series A Preferred Stock at the close of business on a dividend record date will be entitled to receive the dividend
payable with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock on the corresponding payment date notwithstanding the redemption of the Series A
Preferred Stock between such record date and the corresponding payment date or our default in the payment of the dividend due. Except
as provided above, we will make no payment or allowance for unpaid dividends, whether or not in arrears, on Series A Preferred Stock
to be redeemed. 

A
 Change of Control is when, after the original issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock, the following have occurred
and are continuing: 

the
 acquisition by any person, including any syndicate or group deemed to be a person under Section 13(d)(3) of
 the Exchange Act, of beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, through a purchase, merger or other acquisition transaction
 or series of purchases, mergers or other acquisition transactions of stock of our Company entitling that person to exercise more
 than 50 of the total voting power of all stock of our Company entitled to vote generally in the election of our directors (except
 that such person will be deemed to have beneficial ownership of all securities that such person has the right to acquire, whether
 such right is currently exercisable or is exercisable only upon the occurrence of a subsequent condition); and 

following
 the closing of any transaction referred to in the bullet point above, neither we nor the acquiring or surviving entity has a class
 of common securities listed on the NYSE or Nasdaq. 

No
Maturity, Sinking Fund or Mandatory Redemption 

The
Series A Preferred Stock has no stated maturity date and we are not required to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock at any
time. We are not required to set aside funds to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock. Accordingly, the Series A Preferred Stock
will remain outstanding indefinitely, unless we decide, at our option, to exercise our redemption right. The Series A Preferred
Stock is not subject to any sinking fund. 

Limited
Voting Rights 

Holders
of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock generally do not have any voting rights, except as set forth below. 

If
dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are in arrears for 18 or more monthly periods, whether or not consecutive (which we refer
to as a preferred dividend default ), which occurred on November 20, 2023, holders of shares of the Series A Preferred
Stock (voting separately as a class together with the holders of the Parity Preferred Stock) will be entitled to vote for the election
of a total of two additional directors to serve on our board of directors (which we refer to as preferred stock directors ),
until all unpaid dividends for past dividend periods with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock and any Parity Preferred Stock
have been paid. In such a case, the number of directors serving on our board of directors will be increased by two. The preferred stock
directors will be elected by a plurality of the votes cast in the election for a one-year term and each preferred stock director will
serve until his successor is duly elected and qualifies or until the director s right to hold the office terminates, whichever
occurs earlier, subject to such preferred stock director s earlier death, disqualification, resignation or removal. The election
will take place at: 

either
 (i) a special meeting called upon the written request of holders of at least 25 of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
 Stock together with any Parity Preferred Stock, if this request is received more than 90 days before the date fixed for our
 next annual or special meeting of stockholders or, (ii) if we receive the request for a special meeting within 90 days before
 the date fixed for our next annual or special meeting of stockholders, at our annual or special meeting of stockholders; and 

6 

each
 subsequent annual meeting (or special meeting held in its place) until all dividends accumulated on the Series A Preferred Stock
 and on any Parity Preferred Stock have been paid in full or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof set aside for payment
 for all past dividend periods. 

If
we do not call a special meeting within 45 days after request from the holders of 25 of our Series A Preferred Stock outstanding, then
the holders of record of at least 25 of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock may designate a holder to call the meeting at our expense
and such meeting may be called by the holder so designated upon notice similar to that required for annual meetings of stockholders and
shall be held at the place designated by the holder calling such meeting. We shall pay all costs and expenses of calling and holding
any meeting and of electing directors, including, without limitation, the cost of preparing, reproducing and mailing the notice of such
meeting, the cost of renting a room for such meeting to be held, and the cost of collecting and tabulating votes. 

If
and when all accumulated dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock and all other classes or series of preferred stock upon which
like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable shall have been paid in full, holders of shares of Series A Preferred
Stock shall be divested of the voting rights set forth above (subject to re-vesting in the event of each and every preferred dividend
default) and the term and office of such preferred stock directors so elected will terminate and the number of directors will be reduced
accordingly. 

Any
preferred stock director may be removed at any time with or without cause by the vote of, and may not be removed otherwise than by the
vote of, the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock and other Parity Preferred Stock
entitled to vote thereon when they have the voting rights described above (voting as a single class). So long as a preferred dividend
default continues, any vacancy in the office of a preferred stock director may be filled by written consent of the preferred stock director
remaining in office, or if none remains in office, by a vote of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series A
Preferred Stock when they have the voting rights described above (voting as a single class with all other Parity Preferred Stock). The
preferred stock directors shall each be entitled to one vote on any matter before our board of directors. 

In
addition, so long as any shares of Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding, we will not, without the consent or the affirmative
vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock together with each other Parity
Preferred Stock (voting together as a single class): 

authorize,
 create or issue, or increase the number of authorized or issued shares of, any class or series of stock ranking senior to such Series A
 Preferred Stock with respect to distribution rights and rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or reclassify any
 of our authorized capital stock into any such shares, or create, authorize or issue any obligation or security convertible into or
 evidencing the right to purchase any such shares; or 

amend,
 alter or repeal the provisions of our amended and restated articles of incorporation, including the terms of the Series A Preferred
 Stock, whether by merger, consolidation, transfer or conveyance of all or substantially all of our assets or otherwise, so as to
 materially and adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series A Preferred Stock, 

except
that with respect to the occurrence of any of the events described in the second bullet point immediately above, so long as the Series A
Preferred Stock remains outstanding with the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock materially unchanged or the holders of shares
of Series A Preferred Stock receive stock of the successor with substantially identical rights, taking into account that, upon the
occurrence of an event described in the second bullet point above, we may not be the surviving entity, the occurrence of such event will
not be deemed to materially and adversely affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series A Preferred
Stock, and in such case such holders shall not have any voting rights with respect to the events described in the second bullet point
immediately above. Furthermore, if holders of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock receive the greater of the full trading price
of the Series A Preferred Stock on the date of an event described in the second bullet point immediately above or the 25.00 per
share liquidation preference plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon pursuant to the occurrence of any of the events described
in the second bullet point immediately above, then such holders shall not have any voting rights with respect to the events described
in the second bullet point immediately above. If any event described in the second bullet point above would materially and adversely
affect the rights, preferences, privileges or voting powers of the Series A Preferred Stock disproportionately relative to other
classes or series of preferred stock ranking on parity with the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to distribution rights and
rights upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding
shares of the Series A Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class, will also be required. 

7 

Holders
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock will not be entitled to vote with respect to any increase in the total number of authorized
shares of our common stock or preferred stock, any increase in the number of authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock or the
creation or issuance of any other class or series of capital stock, or any increase in the number of authorized shares of any other class
or series of capital stock, in each case ranking on parity with or junior to the Series A Preferred Stock with respect to the payment
of distributions and the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 

Holders
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock will not have any voting rights with respect to, and the consent of the holders of shares
of Series A Preferred Stock is not required for, the taking of any corporate action, including any merger or consolidation involving
us or a sale of all or substantially all of our assets, regardless of the effect that such merger, consolidation or sale may have upon
the powers, preferences, voting powers or other rights or privileges of the Series A Preferred Stock, except as set forth above. 

In
addition, the voting provisions above will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which the vote would otherwise
be required would occur, we have redeemed or called for redemption upon proper procedures all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred
Stock. 

In
any matter in which Series A Preferred Stock may vote (as expressly provided in the Certificate of Designations setting forth the
terms of the Series A Preferred Stock), each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one vote per 25.00 of
liquidation preference. As a result, each share of Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to one vote. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our Series A Preferred Stock is ClearTrust, LLC. ClearTrust, LLC s address is 16540
Pointe Village Dr., Suite 210, Lutz, FL 33558 and its telephone number is (813) 235-4490. 

Stock
Exchange Listing 

Our
Series A Preferred Stock is listed for quotation on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol COMSP. 

DESCRIPTION
OF WARRANTS 

The
following summary of certain terms and provisions of the warrants we registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act (the Warrants is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by the provisions of the Warrant Agency Agreement between the Warrant
Agent (as defined below) and us and the form of warrant attached thereto, which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.1 is a part. We encourage you to read the Warrant Agency Agreement and the form of Warrant
attached as an exhibit thereto for additional information. 

Exercisability 

The
Warrants are exercisable at any time after their original issuance and at any time up to January 26, 2026. The Warrants will be
exercisable, at the option of each holder, in whole or in part by delivering to the warrant agent a duly executed exercise notice
and payment in full in immediately available funds for the number of shares of common stock purchased upon such exercise. If a
registration statement registering the issuance of the shares of common stock underlying the Warrants under the Securities Act is
not effective or available, the holder may elect to exercise the Warrant through a cashless exercise, in which case the holder would
receive upon such exercise the net number of shares of common stock determined according to the formula set forth in the Warrant. No
fractional shares of common stock will be issued in connection with the exercise of a Warrant. In lieu of fractional shares, we will
pay the holder an amount in cash equal to the fractional amount multiplied by the exercise price. 

Exercise
Limitation 

A
holder will not have the right to exercise any portion of the Warrant if the holder (together with its affiliates) would beneficially
own in excess of 4.99 of the number of shares of our common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise, as such
percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Warrants. However, any holder may increase or decrease such percentage
to any other percentage not in excess of 9.99 , provided that any increase in such percentage shall not be effective until 61 days
following notice from the holder to us. 

Exercise
Price 

The
exercise price per share of common stock purchasable upon exercise of the Warrants is 450 per share. The exercise price is subject to
appropriate adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications
or similar events affecting our common stock and also upon any distributions of assets, including cash, stock or other property to our
stockholders. 

8 

Transferability 

Subject
to applicable laws, the Warrants may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without our consent. 

Stock
Exchange Listing 

The
Warrants are listed for quotation on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol COMSW. 

Warrant
Agent 

The
Warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agency agreement between ClearTrust, LLC, as warrant agent (the Warrant
Agent ), and us. The Warrant Agent s address is 16540 Pointe Village Dr., Suite 210, Lutz, FL 33558 and its telephone
number is (813) 235-4490. 

Fundamental
Transactions 

In
the event of a fundamental transaction, as described in the Warrants and generally including any reorganization, recapitalization or
reclassification of our common stock, the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of our properties or assets,
our consolidation or merger with or into another person, the acquisition of more than 50 of our outstanding common stock, or any person
or group becoming the beneficial owner of 50 of the voting power represented by our outstanding common stock, the holders of the Warrants
will be entitled to receive upon exercise of the Warrants the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that the holders
would have received had they exercised the warrants immediately prior to such fundamental transaction. 

Rights
as a Stockholder 

Except
as otherwise provided in the Warrants or by virtue of such holder s ownership of shares of our common stock, the holder of a warrant
does not have the rights or privileges of a holder of our common stock, including any voting rights, until the holder exercises the warrant. 

Governing
Law 

The
Warrants and the warrant agency agreement are governed by New York law. 

9 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex10-1_comsovereign.htm
 COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 2020 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN, AS AMENDED

Exhibit 10.1 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

2020 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE
PLAN 

1.
 Purpose . The purpose of the COMSovereign Holding Corp. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan is to
further and promote the interests of COMSovereign Holding Corp. (the Company ), its Subsidiaries and its stockholders
by enabling the Company and its Subsidiaries to attract, retain and motivate employees, directors and consultants, or those who will
become employees, directors or consultants, and to align the interests of those individuals and the Company s stockholders. To
do this, the Plan offers performance-based incentive awards and equity-based opportunities providing such employees, directors and consultants
with a proprietary interest in maximizing the growth, profitability and overall success of the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

2.
 Definitions . For purposes of the Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 

2.1
 Award means an award or grant made to a Participant under Sections 6, 7, 8 and/or 9 of the Plan. 

2.2 Award
Agreement means the agreement executed by a Participant pursuant to Sections 3.2 and 15.7 of the Plan in connection with the
granting of an Award. 

2.3 Board 
means the Board of Directors of the Company, as constituted from time to time. 

2.4 Code 
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as in effect and as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto, together with
any rules, regulations and interpretations promulgated thereunder or with respect thereto. 

2.5 Committee 
means the Compensation Committee of the Board (or such other committee of the Board as may be established to administer the Plan, as
described in Section 3 of the Plan), or if no such committee has been appointed or established, the Board. 

2.6 Common
Stock means the Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company, or any security of the Company issued by the Company
in substitution or exchange therefor. 

2.7 Company 
means COMSovereign Holding Corp., a Nevada corporation, or any successor entity to COMSovereign Holding Corp. 

2.8 Exchange
Ac t means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as in effect and as amended from time to time, or any successor statute thereto,
together with any rules, regulations and interpretations promulgated thereunder or with respect thereto. 

2.9 Fair
Market Value means on, or with respect to, any given date(s), the average of the highest and lowest market prices of the Common
Stock, as reported on a public exchange for such date(s) or, if the Common Stock was not traded on such date(s), on the next preceding
day or days on which the Common Stock was traded. If at any time the Common Stock is not traded on an exchange, the Fair Market Value
of a share of the Common Stock shall be determined in good faith by the Board and such determination shall be conclusive and binding
on all persons. 

2.10 Incentive
Stock Option means any stock option granted pursuant to the provisions of Section 6 of the Plan (and the relevant Award Agreement)
that is intended to be (and is specifically designated as) an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422
of the Code. 

2.11 Non-Employee
Director means a director serving on the Board who is a non-employee director within the meaning of SEC Rule 16b-3(b)(3). 

2.12 Non-Qualified
Stock Option means any stock option granted pursuant to the provisions of Section 6 of the Plan (and the relevant Award Agreement)
that is not (and is specifically designated as not being) an Incentive Stock Option. 

2.13 Participant 
means any individual who is selected from time to time under Section 5 to receive an Award under the Plan. 

2.14 Performance
Units means the monetary units granted under Section 9 of the Plan and the relevant Award Agreement. 

2.15 Plan 
means the COMSovereign Holding Corp. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan, as set forth herein and as in effect and as amended from time to
time (together with any rules and regulations promulgated by the Committee with respect thereto). 

2.16 Restricted
Shares means the restricted shares of Common Stock granted pursuant to the provisions of Section 8 of the Plan and the relevant
Award Agreement. 

2.17 Stock
Appreciation Right means an Award described in Section 7.2 of the Plan and granted pursuant to the provisions of Section 7
of the Plan. 

2.18 Subsidiary(ies) 
means any corporation (other than the Company), trust, partnership or limited liability company in an unbroken chain of entities, including
and beginning with the Company, if each of such entities, other than the last entity in the unbroken chain, owns, directly or indirectly,
more than fifty percent (50 of the voting shares, partnership, beneficial or membership interests in one of the other entities in such
chain. 

1 

3.
 Administration . 

3.1
 The Committee . The Plan shall be administered by the Committee. Subject to the last sentence of this Section 3.1, the Committee
shall be appointed from time to time by the Board and shall be comprised of not less than two (2) of the then members of the Board who
are Non-Employee Directors. Consistent with the Bylaws of the Company, members of the Committee shall serve at the pleasure of the Board
and the Board, subject to the immediately preceding sentence, may at any time and from time to time remove members from, or add members
to, the Committee. In the event that the Board has not appointed the Committee, then the Board shall have all the powers of the Committee
under the Plan. 

3.2
 Plan Administration and Plan Rules . The Committee is authorized to construe and interpret the Plan and to promulgate, amend
and rescind rules and regulations relating to the implementation, administration and maintenance of the Plan. Subject to the terms and
conditions of the Plan, the Committee shall make all determinations necessary or advisable for the implementation, administration and
maintenance of the Plan including, without limitation, (a) selecting the Plan s Participants, (b) making Awards in such amounts
and form as the Committee shall determine, (c) imposing such restrictions, terms and conditions upon such Awards as the Committee shall
deem appropriate, and (d) correcting any technical defect(s) or technical omission(s), or reconciling any technical inconsistency(ies),
in the Plan and/or any Award Agreement. The Committee may designate persons other than members of the Committee to carry out the day-to-day
ministerial administration of the Plan under such conditions and limitations as it may prescribe, except that the Committee shall not
delegate its authority with regard to the selection for participation in the Plan and/or the granting of any Awards to Participants.
The Committee s determinations under the Plan need not be uniform and may be made selectively among Participants, whether or not
such Participants are similarly situated. Any determination, decision or action of the Committee in connection with the construction,
interpretation, administration, implementation or maintenance of the Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all Participants
and any person(s) claiming under or through any Participants. The Company shall effect the granting of Awards under the Plan, in accordance
with the determinations made by the Committee, by execution of written agreements and/or other instruments in such form as is approved
by the Committee. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, delegate its authority to one or more senior executive officers for the
purpose of making Awards to Participants who are not subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 

3.3
 Liability Limitation . Neither the Board nor the Committee, nor any member of either, shall be liable for any act, omission,
interpretation, construction or determination made in good faith in connection with the Plan (or any Award Agreement), and the members
of the Board and the Committee shall be entitled to indemnification and reimbursement by the Company in respect of any claim, loss, damage
or expense (including, without limitation, attorneys fees) arising or resulting therefrom to the fullest extent permitted by law
and/or under any directors and officers liability insurance coverage which may be in effect from time to time. 

4.
 Term of Plan/Common Stock Subject to Plan . 

4.1
 Term . Unless terminated earlier by the Board, the Plan shall terminate on May 1, 2030, except with respect to Awards then
outstanding. After such date no further Awards shall be granted under the Plan. 

4.2
 Common Stock . The maximum number of shares of Common Stock in respect of which Awards may be granted or paid out under the
Plan, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 13.2 of the Plan, shall not exceed eight million three hundred thirty three thousand
and three hundred thirty four (8,333,334) shares (on a January 21, 2021 post reverse-split basis); all of which may be issued pursuant
to the exercise of Incentive Stock Options. In the event of a change in the Common Stock of the Company that is limited to a change in
the designation thereof to Capital Stock or other similar designation, or to a change in the par value thereof, or from
par value to no par value, without increase or decrease in the number of issued shares, the shares resulting from any such change shall
be deemed to be the Common Stock for purposes of the Plan. Common Stock which may be issued under the Plan may be either authorized and
unissued shares or issued shares which have been reacquired by the Company (in the open-market or in private transactions) and which
are being held as treasury shares. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued under the Plan. 

4.3
 Computation of Available Shares . For the purpose of computing the total number of shares of Common Stock available for Awards
under the Plan, there shall be counted against the limitations set forth in Section 4.2 of the Plan the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock potentially subject to issuance upon exercise or settlement of Awards granted under Sections 6 and 7 of the Plan, the number of
shares of Common Stock issued under grants of Restricted Shares pursuant to Section 8 of the Plan and the maximum number of shares of
Common Stock potentially issuable under grants or payments of Performance Units pursuant to Section 9 of the Plan, in each case determined
as of the date on which such Awards are granted. If any Awards expire unexercised or are forfeited, surrendered, cancelled, terminated
or settled in cash in lieu of Common Stock, the shares of Common Stock which were theretofore subject (or potentially subject) to such
Awards shall again be available for Awards under the Plan to the extent of such expiration, forfeiture, surrender, cancellation, termination
or settlement of such Awards. 

5.
 Eligibility . Individuals eligible for Awards under the Plan shall consist of employees, directors and consultants, or those
who will become employees, directors or consultants, of the Company and/or its Subsidiaries whose performance or contribution, in the
sole discretion of the Committee, benefits or will benefit the Company or any Subsidiary. Notwithstanding the above, Incentive Stock
Options may only be granted to employees of the Company. 

2 

6.
 Stock Options . 

6.1
 Terms and Conditions . Stock options granted under the Plan shall be in respect of Common Stock and may be in the form of Incentive
Stock Options or Non-Qualified Stock Options (sometimes referred to collectively herein as the Stock Option(s) ). All Stock
Options shall be separately designated Incentive Stock Options or Non-Qualified Stock Options at the time of grant, and, if certificates
are issued, a separate certificate or certificates will be issued for shares of Common Stock purchased on exercise of each type of Option.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have no liability to any Participant or any other person if a Stock Option
designated as an Incentive Stock Option fails to qualify as such at any time or if a Stock Option is determined to constitute nonqualified
deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the terms of such Stock Option do not satisfy the requirements
of Section 409A of the Code. Such Stock Options shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 6 and any
additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the express terms and provisions of the Plan, as the Committee shall set forth
in the relevant Award Agreement. 

6.2
 Grant . Stock Options may be granted under the Plan in such form as the Committee may from time to time approve. Stock Options
may be granted alone or in addition to other Awards under the Plan or in tandem with Stock Appreciation Rights. Special provisions shall
apply to Incentive Stock Options granted to any employee who owns (within the meaning of Section 422(b)(6) of the Code) more than ten
percent (10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or its parent corporation or any subsidiary of
the Company, within the meaning of Sections 424(e) and (f) of the Code (a 10 Stockholder ). 

6.3
 Exercise Price . The exercise price per share of Common Stock subject to a Stock Option shall be determined by the Committee;
 provided , however , that the exercise price of a Stock Option shall not be less than one hundred percent (100 of the Fair
Market Value of the Common Stock on the date of the grant of such Stock Option; provided , further , however , that,
in the case of a 10 Stockholder, the exercise price of an Incentive Stock Option shall not be less than one hundred ten percent (110 of the Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. This Section 6.3 shall not apply to a Stock Option granted pursuant
to the assumption of, or substitution for, another security in a manner that complies with section 424(a) of the Code (whether or not
the Stock Option is an Incentive Stock Option). 

6.4
 Term . The term of each Stock Option shall be such period of time as is fixed by the Committee; provided , however ,
that the term of any Incentive Stock Option shall not exceed ten (10) years (five (5) years, in the case of a 10 Stockholder) after
the date immediately preceding the date on which the Incentive Stock Option is granted. 

6.5
 Method of Exercise . A Stock Option may be exercised, in whole or in part, by giving written notice of exercise to the Secretary
of the Company, or the Secretary s designee, specifying the number of shares to be purchased. Such notice shall be accompanied
by payment in full of the exercise price (and applicable tax withholding) in cash, by certified check, bank draft, or money order payable
to the order of the Company, or, if permitted by the Committee in its sole discretion, by delivery of shares of Common Stock satisfying
such requirements as the Committee shall establish, or through such other mechanism as the Committee shall permit, in its sole discretion.
Payment instruments shall be received by the Company subject to collection. The proceeds received by the Company upon exercise of any
Stock Option may be used by the Company for general corporate purposes. Any portion of a Stock Option that is exercised may not be exercised
again. 

6.6
 Tandem Grants . If Non-Qualified Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights are granted in tandem, as designated in the relevant
Award Agreements, the right of a Participant to exercise any such tandem Stock Option shall terminate to the extent that the shares of
Common Stock subject to such Stock Option are used to calculate amounts or shares receivable upon the exercise of the related tandem
Stock Appreciation Right. 

6.7
 Incentive Stock Option 100,000 Limitation . To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of
grant) of Common Stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Participant during any
calendar year (under all plans of the Company and its affiliates) exceeds 100,000, the Stock Options or portions
thereof which exceed such limit (according to the order in which they were granted) shall be treated as Non-Qualified Stock Options. 

3 

7.
 Stock Appreciation Rights . 

7.1
 Terms and Conditions . The grant of Stock Appreciation Rights under the Plan shall be subject to the terms and conditions set
forth in this Section 7 and any additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the express terms and provisions of the Plan,
as the Committee shall set forth in the relevant Award Agreement. 

7.2
 Stock Appreciation Rights . A Stock Appreciation Right is an Award granted with respect to a specified number of shares of
Common Stock entitling a Participant to receive an amount equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on
the date of exercise over the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the date of grant of the Stock Appreciation Right, multiplied
by the number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which the Stock Appreciation Right shall have been exercised. 

7.3
 Grant . A Stock Appreciation Right may be granted in addition to any other Award under the Plan or in tandem with or independent
of a Non-Qualified Stock Option. 

7.4
 Date of Exercisability . In respect of any Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan, unless otherwise (a) determined
by the Committee (in its sole discretion) at any time and from time to time in respect of any such Stock Appreciation Right, or (b) provided
in the Award Agreement, a Stock Appreciation Right may be exercised by a Participant, in accordance with and subject to all of the procedures
established by the Committee, in whole or in part at any time and from time to time during its specified term. The Committee may also
provide, as set forth in the relevant Award Agreement and without limitation, that some Stock Appreciation Rights shall be automatically
exercised and settled on one or more fixed dates specified therein by the Committee. 

7.5
 Form of Payment . Upon exercise of a Stock Appreciation Right, payment may be made in cash, in Restricted Shares or in shares
of unrestricted Common Stock, or in any combination thereof, as the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine and provide in
the relevant Award Agreement. 

7.6
 Tandem Grant . The right of a Participant to exercise a tandem Stock Appreciation Right shall terminate to the extent such
Participant exercises the Non-Qualified Stock Option to which such Stock Appreciation Right is related. 

8.
 Restricted Shares . 

8.1
 Terms and Conditions . Grants of Restricted Shares shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 8
and any additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the express terms and provisions of the Plan, as the Committee shall set
forth in the relevant Award Agreement. Restricted Shares may be granted alone or in addition to any other Awards under the Plan. Subject
to the terms of the Plan, the Committee shall determine the number of Restricted Shares to be granted to a Participant and the Committee
may provide or impose different terms and conditions on any particular Restricted Share grant made to any Participant. With respect to
each Participant receiving an Award of Restricted Shares, there shall be issued a stock certificate (or certificates) in respect of such
Restricted Shares. Such stock certificate(s) shall be registered in the name of such Participant, shall be accompanied by a stock power
duly executed by such Participant, and shall bear, among other required legends, the following legend: 

The
transferability of this certificate and the shares of stock represented hereby are subject to the terms and conditions (including, without
limitation, forfeiture events) contained in the COMSovereign Holding Corp. 2020 Long-Term Incentive Plan and an Award Agreement entered
into between the registered owner hereof and COMSovereign Holding Corp. Copies of such Plan and Award Agreement are on file in the office
of the Secretary of COMSovereign Holding Corp. COMSovereign Holding Corp. will furnish to the recordholder of the certificate, without
charge and upon written request at its principal place of business, a copy of such Plan and Award Agreement. COMSovereign Holding Corp.
reserves the right to refuse to record the transfer of this certificate until all such restrictions are satisfied, all such terms are
complied with and all such conditions are satisfied. 

Such
stock certificate evidencing such shares shall, in the sole discretion of the Committee, be deposited with and held in custody by the
Company until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed and all of the terms and conditions applicable to such grant shall have been
satisfied. 

4 

8.2
 Restricted Share Grants . A grant of Restricted Shares is an Award of shares of Common Stock granted to a Participant, subject
to such restrictions, terms and conditions as the Committee deems appropriate, including, without limitation, (a) restrictions on the
sale, assignment, transfer, hypothecation or other disposition of such shares, (b) the requirement that the Participant deposit such
shares with the Company while such shares are subject to such restrictions, and (c) the requirement that such shares be forfeited upon
termination of employment or service with the Company for any reason or for specified reasons within a specified period of time or for
other reasons (including, without limitation, the failure to achieve designated performance goals). 

8.3
 Restriction Period . In accordance with Sections 8.1 and 8.2 of the Plan and unless otherwise determined by the Committee (in
its sole discretion) at any time and from time to time, Restricted Shares shall only become unrestricted and vested in the Participant
in accordance with such vesting schedule relating to such Restricted Shares, if any, as the Committee may establish in the relevant Award
Agreement (the Restriction Period ). During the Restriction Period, such stock shall be and remain unvested and a
Participant may not sell, assign, transfer, pledge, encumber or otherwise dispose of or hypothecate such Award. Upon satisfaction of
the vesting schedule and any other applicable restrictions, terms and conditions, the Participant shall be entitled to receive payment
of the Restricted Shares or a portion thereof, as the case may be, as provided in Section 8.4 of the Plan. 

8.4
 Payment of Restricted Share Grants . After the satisfaction and/or lapse of the restrictions, terms and conditions established
by the Committee in respect of a grant of Restricted Shares, a new certificate, without the legend set forth in Section 8.1 of the Plan,
for the number of shares of Common Stock which are no longer subject to such restrictions, terms and conditions shall, as soon as practicable
thereafter, be delivered to the Participant, provided that the removal of such legend is permitted by applicable federal and state securities
laws. 

8.5
 Stockholder Rights . A Participant shall have, with respect to the shares of Common Stock underlying a grant of Restricted
Shares, all of the rights of a stockholder of such stock (except as such rights are limited or restricted under the Plan or in the relevant
Award Agreement). Any stock dividends paid in respect of unvested Restricted Shares shall be treated as additional Restricted Shares
and shall be subject to the same restrictions and other terms and conditions that apply to the unvested Restricted Shares in respect
of which such stock dividends are issued. 

9.
 Performance Units . 

9.1
 Terms and Conditions . Performance Units shall be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 9 and any additional
terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the express provisions of the Plan, as the Committee shall set forth in the relevant Award
Agreement. 

9.2
 Performance Unit Grants . A Performance Unit is an Award of units (with each unit representing such monetary amount as is designated
by the Committee in the Award Agreement) granted to a Participant, subject to such terms and conditions as the Committee deems appropriate,
including, without limitation, the requirement that the Participant forfeit such units (or a portion thereof) in the event certain performance
criteria or other conditions are not met within a designated period of time. 

9.3
 Grants . Performance Units may be granted alone or in addition to any other Awards under the Plan. Subject to the terms of
the Plan, the Committee shall determine the number of Performance Units to be granted to a Participant and the Committee may impose different
terms and conditions on any particular Performance Units granted to any Participant. 

5 

9.4
 Performance Goals and Performance Periods . Participants receiving a grant of Performance Units shall only earn into and be
entitled to payment in respect of such Awards if the Company and/or the Participant achieves certain performance goals (the Performance
Goals during and in respect of a designated performance period (the Performance Period ). The Performance
Goals and the Performance Period shall be established by the Committee, in its sole discretion. The Committee shall establish Performance
Goals for each Performance Period prior to, or as soon as practicable after, the commencement of such Performance Period. The Committee
shall also establish a schedule or schedules for Performance Units setting forth the portion of the Award which will be earned or forfeited
based on the degree of achievement, or lack thereof, of the Performance Goals at the end of the relevant Performance Period. In setting
Performance Goals, the Committee may use, but shall not be limited to, such measures as total stockholder return, return on equity, net
earnings growth, sales or revenue growth, cash flow, comparisons to peer companies, individual or aggregate Participant performance or
such other measure or measures of performance as the Committee, in its sole discretion, may deem appropriate. Such performance measures
shall be defined as to their respective components and meaning by the Committee (in its sole discretion). During any Performance Period,
the Committee shall have the authority to adjust the Performance Goals and/or the Performance Period in such manner as the Committee,
in its sole discretion, deems appropriate at any time and from time to time. 

9.5
 Payment of Units . With respect to each Performance Unit, the Participant shall, if the applicable Performance Goals have been
achieved, or partially achieved, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, by the Company and/or the Participant during
the relevant Performance Period, be entitled to receive payment in an amount equal to the designated value of each Performance Unit times
the number of such units so earned. Payment in settlement of earned Performance Units shall be made as soon as practicable following
the conclusion of the respective Performance Period in cash, in unrestricted Common Stock, or in Restricted Shares, or in any combination
thereof, as the Committee, in its sole discretion, shall determine and provide in the relevant Award Agreement. 

10.
 Other Provisions . 

10.1
 Performance-Based Awards . Performance Units, Restricted Shares, and other Awards subject to performance criteria shall be
paid solely on account of the attainment of one or more pre-established performance goals. Until otherwise determined by the Committee,
the performance goals shall be the attainment of pre-established levels of any of net income, market price per share, earnings per share,
return on equity, return on capital employed and/or cash flow, regulatory approval of products, strategic alliances and joint ventures
and patent issuances. 

11.
 Dividend Equivalents . In addition to the provisions of Section 8.5 of the Plan, Awards of Stock Options, and/or Stock Appreciation
Rights, may, in the sole discretion of the Committee and if provided for in the relevant Award Agreement, earn dividend equivalents.
In respect of any such Award which is outstanding on a dividend record date for Common Stock, the Participant shall be credited with
an amount equal to the amount of cash or stock dividends that would have been paid on the shares of Common Stock covered by such Award
had such covered shares been issued and outstanding on such dividend record date. The Committee shall establish such rules and procedures
governing the crediting of such dividend equivalents, including, without limitation, the amount, timing, form of payment and payment
contingencies and/or restrictions of such dividend equivalents, as it deems appropriate or necessary. 

12.
 Non-transferability of Awards . Unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, no Award under the Plan or any Award Agreement,
and no rights or interests herein or therein, shall or may be assigned, transferred, sold, exchanged, encumbered, pledged, or otherwise
hypothecated or disposed of by a Participant or any beneficiary(ies) of any Participant, except by testamentary disposition by the Participant
or the laws of intestate succession. No such interest shall be subject to execution, attachment or similar legal process, including,
without limitation, seizure for the payment of the Participant s debts, judgments, alimony, or separate maintenance. Unless otherwise
provided in the Award Agreement, during the lifetime of a Participant, Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights are exercisable only
by the Participant. 

13.
 Changes in Capitalization and Other Matters . 

13.1
 No Corporate Action Restriction . The existence of the Plan, any Award Agreement and/or the Awards granted hereunder shall
not limit, affect or restrict in any way the right or power of the Board or the stockholders of the Company to make or authorize (a)
any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or other change in the Company s or any Subsidiary s capital structure or
its business, (b) any merger, consolidation or change in the ownership of the Company or any Subsidiary, (c) any issue of bonds, debentures,
capital, preferred or prior preference stocks ahead of or affecting the Company s or any Subsidiary s capital stock or the
rights thereof, (d) any dissolution or liquidation of the Company or any Subsidiary, (e) any sale or transfer of all or any part of the
Company s or any Subsidiary s assets or business, or (f) any other corporate act or proceeding by the Company or any Subsidiary.
No Participant, beneficiary or any other person shall have any claim against any member of the Board or the Committee, the Company or
any Subsidiary, or any employees, officers, stockholders or agents of the Company or any subsidiary, as a result of any such action. 

6 

13.2
 Recapitalization Adjustments . In the event that the Board determines that any dividend or other distribution (whether in the
form of cash, Common Stock, other securities, or other property), recapitalization, stock split, reverse stock split, reorganization,
merger, consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, repurchase, or exchange of Common Stock or other securities of the Company, or
other corporate transaction or event affects the Common Stock such that an adjustment is determined by the Board, in its sole discretion,
to be necessary or appropriate in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available
under the Plan, the Board may, in such manner as it in good faith deems equitable, adjust any or all of (i) the number of shares of Common
Stock or other securities of the Company (or number and kind of other securities or property) with respect to which Awards may be granted,
(ii) the number of shares of Common Stock or other securities of the Company (or number and kind of other securities or property) subject
to outstanding Awards, and (iii) the exercise price with respect to any Stock Option, or make provision for an immediate cash payment
to the holder of an outstanding Award in consideration for the cancellation of such Award. 

13.3
 Mergers . If the Company enters into or is involved in any merger, reorganization, recapitalization, sale of all or substantially
all of the Company s assets, liquidation, or business combination with any person or entity (such merger, reorganization, recapitalization,
sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, liquidation, or business combination to be referred to herein as a Merger
Event ), the Board may take such action as it deems appropriate, including, but not limited to, replacing such Stock Options
with substitute stock options and/or stock appreciation rights in respect of the shares, other securities or other property of the surviving
corporation or any affiliate of the surviving corporation on such terms and conditions, as to the number of shares, pricing and otherwise,
which shall substantially preserve the value, rights and benefits of any affected Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights granted
hereunder as of the date of the consummation of the Merger Event. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, if any Merger
Event occurs, the Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to cancel each Participant s Stock Options and/or Stock Appreciation
Rights and to pay to each affected Participant in connection with the cancellation of such Participant s Stock Options and/or Stock Appreciation
Rights, an amount equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value, as determined by the Board, of the Common Stock underlying any unexercised
Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights (whether then exercisable or not) over the aggregate exercise price of such unexercised Stock
Options and/or Stock Appreciation Rights. In the case of any Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right with an exercise price that
equals or exceeds the price paid for a share of Common Stock in connection with the Merger Event, the Committee may cancel the Stock
Option or Stock Appreciation Right without the payment of consideration therefor. 

Upon
receipt by any affected Participant of any such substitute stock options, stock appreciation rights (or payment) as a result of any such
Merger Event, such Participant s affected Stock Options and/or Stock Appreciation Rights for which such substitute options and/or
stock appreciation rights (or payment) were received shall be thereupon cancelled without the need for obtaining the consent of any such
affected Participant. 

14.
 Amendment, Suspension and Termination . 

14.1
 In General . The Board may suspend or terminate the Plan (or any portion thereof) at any time and may amend the Plan at any
time and from time to time in such respects as the Board may deem advisable to insure that any and all Awards conform to or otherwise
reflect any change in applicable laws or regulations, or to permit the Company or the Participants to benefit from any change in applicable
laws or regulations, or in any other respect the Board may deem to be in the best interests of the Company or any Subsidiary. No such
amendment, suspension or termination shall (x) materially adversely affect the rights of any Participant under any outstanding Stock
Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Units, or Restricted Share grants, without the consent of such Participant, (y) increase
the number of shares available for Awards pursuant to Section 4.2, or (z) change the performance criteria listed in Section 10.1, without
stockholder approval; provided , however , that the Board may amend the Plan, without the consent of any Participants, in
any way it deems appropriate to satisfy Code Section 409A and any regulations or other authority promulgated thereunder, including any
amendment to the Plan to cause certain Awards not to be subject to Code Section 409A. 

14.2
 Award Agreement Modifications . The Committee may (in its sole discretion) amend or modify at any time and from time to time
the terms and provisions of any outstanding Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Units, or Restricted Share grants,
in any manner to the extent that the Committee under the Plan or any Award Agreement could have initially determined the restrictions,
terms and provisions of such Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Performance Units, and/or Restricted Share grants, including,
without limitation, changing or accelerating (a) the date or dates as of which such Stock Options or Stock Appreciation Rights shall
become exercisable, (b) the date or dates as of which such Restricted Share grants shall become vested, or (c) the performance period
or goals in respect of any Performance Units. No such amendment or modification shall, however, materially adversely affect the rights
of any Participant under any such Award without the consent of such Participant; provided, however, that the Committee may amend an Award
without the consent of the Participant, in any way it deems appropriate to satisfy Code Section 409A and any regulations or other authority
promulgated thereunder, including any amendment to or modification of such Award to cause such Award not to be subject to Code Section
409A. 

7 

15.
 Miscellaneous . 

15.1
 Tax Withholding . The Company shall have the right to deduct from any payment or settlement under the Plan, including, without
limitation, the exercise of any Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right, or the delivery, transfer or vesting of any Common Stock or
Restricted Shares, any federal, state, local or other taxes of any kind which the Committee, in its sole discretion, deems necessary
to be withheld to comply with the Code and/or any other applicable law, rule or regulation. Shares of Common Stock may be used to satisfy
any such tax withholding. Such Common Stock shall be valued based on the Fair Market Value of such stock as of the date the tax withholding
is required to be made, such date to be determined by the Committee. In addition, the Company shall have the right to require payment
from a Participant to cover any applicable withholding or other employment taxes due upon any payment or settlement under the Plan. 

15.2
 No Right to Employment or Continuing Relationship . Neither the adoption of the Plan, the granting of any Award, nor the execution
of any Award Agreement, shall confer upon any employee, director, or consultant of the Company or any Subsidiary any right to continued
employment, directorship, or consulting relationship with the Company or any Subsidiary, as the case may be, nor shall it interfere in
any way with the right, if any, of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate the employment, directorship, or consulting relationship
of any employee, director, or consultant at any time for any reason, even if such termination adversely affects such Participant s
Awards. 

15.3
 Unfunded Plan . The Plan shall be unfunded and the Company shall not be required to segregate any assets in connection with
any Awards under the Plan. Any liability of the Company to any person with respect to any Award under the Plan or any Award Agreement
shall be based solely upon the contractual obligations that may be created as a result of the Plan or any such award or agreement. No
such obligation of the Company shall be deemed to be secured by any pledge of, encumbrance on, or other interest in, any property or
asset of the Company or any Subsidiary. Nothing contained in the Plan or any Award Agreement shall be construed as creating in respect
of any Participant (or beneficiary thereof or any other person) any equity or other interest of any kind in any assets of the Company
or any Subsidiary or creating a trust of any kind or a fiduciary relationship of any kind between the Company, any Subsidiary and/or
any such Participant, any beneficiary thereof or any other person. 

15.4
 Payments to a Trust . The Committee is authorized to cause to be established a trust agreement or several trust agreements
or similar arrangements from which the Committee may make payments of amounts due or to become due to any Participants under the Plan. 

15.5
 Other Company Benefit and Compensation Programs . Payments and other benefits received by a Participant under an Award made
pursuant to the Plan shall not be deemed a part of a Participant s compensation for purposes of the determination of benefits under
any other employee welfare or benefit plans or arrangements, if any, provided by the Company or any Subsidiary unless expressly provided
in such other plans or arrangements, or except where the Board expressly determines in writing that inclusion of an Award or portion
of an Award should be included to accurately reflect competitive compensation practices or to recognize that an Award has been made in
lieu of a portion of competitive annual base salary or other cash compensation. Awards under the Plan may be made in addition to, in
combination with, or as alternatives to, grants, awards or payments under any other plans or arrangements of the Company or its Subsidiaries.
The existence of the Plan notwithstanding, the Company or any Subsidiary may adopt such other compensation plans or programs and additional
compensation arrangements as it deems necessary to attract, retain and motivate employees. 

15.6
 Listing, Registration and Other Legal Compliance . No Awards or shares of the Common Stock shall be required to be issued or
granted under the Plan unless legal counsel for the Company shall be satisfied that such issuance or grant will be in compliance with
all applicable federal and state securities laws and regulations and any other applicable laws or regulations. The Committee may require,
as a condition of any payment or share issuance, that certain agreements, undertakings, representations, certificates, and/or information,
as the Committee may deem necessary or advisable, be executed or provided to the Company to assure compliance with all such applicable
laws or regulations. Certificates for shares of the Restricted Shares and/or Common Stock delivered under the Plan may be subject to
such stock-transfer orders and such other restrictions as the Committee may deem advisable under the rules, regulations, or other requirements
of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any stock exchange upon which the Common Stock is then listed, and any applicable federal
or state securities law. In addition, if, at any time specified herein (or in any Award Agreement or otherwise) for (a) the making of
any Award, or the making of any determination, (b) the issuance or other distribution of Restricted Shares and/or Common Stock, or (c)
the payment of amounts to or through a Participant with respect to any Award, any law, rule, regulation or other requirement of any governmental
authority or agency shall require either the Company, any Subsidiary or any Participant (or any estate, designated beneficiary or other
legal representative thereof) to take any action in connection with any such determination, any such shares to be issued or distributed,
any such payment, or the making of any such determination, as the case may be, shall be deferred until such required action is taken.
With respect to persons subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, transactions under the Plan are intended to comply with all applicable
conditions of Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. 

8 

15.7
 Award Agreements . Each Participant receiving an Award under the Plan shall enter into an Award Agreement with the Company
in a form specified by the Committee. Each such Participant shall agree to the restrictions, terms and conditions of the Award set forth
therein and in the Plan. 

15.8
 Designation of Beneficiary . Each Participant to whom an Award has been made under the Plan may designate a beneficiary or
beneficiaries to exercise any option or to receive any payment which under the terms of the Plan and the relevant Award Agreement may
become exercisable or payable on or after the Participant s death. At any time, and from time to time, any such designation may
be changed or cancelled by the Participant without the consent of any such beneficiary. Any such designation, change or cancellation
must be on a form provided for that purpose by the Committee and shall not be effective until received by the Committee. If no beneficiary
has been designated by a deceased Participant, or if the designated beneficiaries have predeceased the Participant, the beneficiary shall
be the Participant s estate. If the Participant designates more than one beneficiary, any payments under the Plan to such beneficiaries
shall be made in equal shares unless the Participant has expressly designated otherwise, in which case the payments shall be made in
the shares designated by the Participant. 

15.9
 Leaves of Absence/Transfers . The Committee shall have the power to promulgate rules and regulations and to make determinations,
as it deems appropriate, under the Plan in respect of any leave of absence from the Company or any Subsidiary granted to a Participant.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Committee may determine whether any such leave of absence shall be treated as if
the Participant has terminated employment with the Company or any such Subsidiary. If a Participant transfers within the Company, or
to or from any Subsidiary, such Participant shall not be deemed to have terminated employment as a result of such transfers. 

15.10
 Clawback . Notwithstanding any other provisions in this Plan, the Company may cancel any Award, require reimbursement
of any Award by a Participant, and effect any other right of recoupment of equity or other compensation provided under the Plan in
accordance with any Company policies that may be adopted and/or modified from time to time Clawback Policy ). In
addition, a Participant may be required to repay to the Company previously paid compensation, whether provided pursuant to
the Plan or an Award Agreement, in accordance with the Clawback Policy. By accepting an Award, the Participant is agreeing
to be bound by the Clawback Policy, as in effect or as may be adopted and/or modified from time to time by the Company in its
discretion (including, without limitation, to comply with applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements). 

15.11
 Code Section 409A . This Plan and all Awards hereunder are intended to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A and
any regulations or other authority promulgated thereunder. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or any Award Agreement to the contrary,
the Board and the Committee reserve the right (without the consent of any Participant and without any obligation to do so or to indemnify
any Participant or the beneficiaries of any Participant for any failure to do so) to amend this Plan and/or any Award Agreement as and
when necessary or desirable to conform to or otherwise properly reflect any guidance issued under Code Section 409A after the date hereof
without violating Code Section 409A. In the event that any payment or benefit made hereunder would constitute payments or benefits pursuant
to a non-qualified deferred compensation plan within the meaning of Code Section 409A and, at the time of a Participant s separation
from service , such Participant is a specified employee within the meaning of Code Section 409A, then any such payments
or benefits shall be delayed until the six-month anniversary of the date of such Participant s separation from service .
Each payment made under this Plan shall be designated as a separate payment within the meaning of Code Section 409A. 

15.12
 Governing Law . The Plan and all actions taken thereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of Nevada, without reference to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Any titles and headings herein are for reference
purposes only, and shall in no way limit, define or otherwise affect the meaning, construction or interpretation of any provisions of
the Plan. 

15.13
 Effective Date . The Plan shall be effective upon its approval by the Board and adoption by the Company, subject to the approval
of the Plan by the Company s stockholders in accordance with Section 422 of the Code. If such stockholder approval is not obtained,
the Plan and any awards granted under the Plan shall be null and void and of no force and effect. 

9 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Plan is adopted by the Company on the 6 th day of May, 2020, as amended on the 25 th day of
June, 2021, and on the 8th day of February, 2023. 

COMSOVEREIGN HOLDING CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ David A. Knight 

Name: 
 David A. Knight 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

10 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-14>
 6
 f10k2022ex14_comsovereign.htm
 CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS

Exhibit 14 

CODE
OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS 

(Adopted
by the Board of Directors on 12/22/2020) 

The
Board of Directors of COMSovereign Holding Corp. (with subsidiaries, the Company has adopted this Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics (the Code of Conduct to: (1) promote honest and ethical conduct, including fair dealing and the
ethical handling of conflicts of interest; (2) promote full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure; (3) promote compliance
with applicable laws and governmental rules and regulations; (4) ensure the protection of the Company s legitimate business interests,
including corporate opportunities, assets and confidential information; and (4) deter wrongdoing. 

All
directors, officers and employees of the Company are expected to be familiar with this Code and to adhere to those principles and procedures
set forth in this Code that apply to them. To the extent this Code requires a higher standard than required by commercial practice or
applicable laws, rules, or regulations, we adhere to these higher standards. 

While
this Code is designed to provide helpful general principles, it is not intended to address every specific situation. Nevertheless, in
every instance, personnel of the Company must act honestly, fairly, and with a view towards doing the right thing. Therefore,
dishonest or unethical conduct or conduct that is illegal will constitute a violation of this Code, regardless of whether such conduct
is specifically referenced in this Code. 

This
Code serves as the Company s code of ethics within the meaning of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and
the rules promulgated thereunder. 

1. Honest
and Candid Conduct 

Each
director, officer and employee owes a duty to the Company to act with integrity. Integrity requires, among other things, being honest
and candid. 

Each
director, officer and employee must: 

act
 with integrity, including being honest and candid while still maintaining the confidentiality
 of information where required or consistent with the Company s policies; 

observe
 both the form and spirit of laws and governmental rules and regulations, accounting standards
 and Company policies; and 

adhere
 to a high standard of business ethics. 

2. Conflicts
of Interest 

A
 conflict of interest occurs when an individual s private interest interferes or appears to interfere with the interests
of the Company. A conflict of interest can arise when a director, officer or employee takes actions or has interests that may make it
difficult to perform his or her Company work objectively and effectively. For example, a conflict of interest would arise if a director,
officer or employee, or a member or his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or her position in the
Company. 

1 

In
particular, conflict of interest situations involving directors, officers and other employees who occupy supervisory positions or who
have discretionary authority in dealing with any third party specified below may include the following: 

any
 significant ownership interest in any customer, supplier or competitor; 

any
 consulting or employment relationship with any customer, supplier or competitor; 

any
 outstanding loans or guarantees of personal obligations from or to any customer, supplier
 or competitor of the Company; 

any
 outside business activity that detracts from an individual s ability to devote appropriate
 time and attention to his or her responsibilities with the Company; 

the
 receipt of non-nominal gifts or excessive entertainment from any company with which the Company
 has current or prospective business dealings; 

being
 in the position of supervising, reviewing or having any influence on the job evaluation,
 pay or benefit of any immediate family member; and 

selling
 anything to the Company or buying anything from the Company, except on the same terms and
 conditions as comparable directors, officers or employees are permitted to so purchase or
 sell. 

Anything
that would present a conflict for a director, officer or employee would likely also present a conflict if it is related to a member of
his or her family. 

Conflicts
of interest are prohibited as a matter of corporate policy, except under guidelines adopted by or as otherwise approved by the Board
of Directors or the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Conflicts of interest may not always be clear-cut, so if a director, officer
or employee has a question, he or she should consult with one of the following: the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer
(each a Senior Officer, and together, the Senior Officers ). Any employee, officer or director who becomes
aware of a conflict or potential conflict should bring it to the attention of one of the Senior Officers. 

3. Disclosure 

Each
director, officer or employee involved in the Company s disclosure process, including the Senior Officers, is required to be familiar
with and comply with the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting, to the extent
relevant to his or her area of responsibility, so that the Company s public reports and documents filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission SEC comply in all material respects with the applicable federal securities laws and SEC rules. In
addition, each such person having direct or supervisory authority regarding these SEC filings or the Company s other public communications
concerning its general business, results, financial condition and prospects should, to the extent appropriate within his or her area
of responsibility, consult with other Company officers and employees and take other appropriate steps regarding these disclosures with
the goal of making full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure. 

Each
director, officer or employee who is involved in the Company s disclosure process, including without limitation the Senior Officers,
must: 

familiarize
 himself or herself with the disclosure requirements applicable to the Company as well as
 the business and financial operations of the Company; 

not
 knowingly misrepresent, or cause others to misrepresent, facts about the Company to others,
 whether within or outside the Company, including to the Company s independent auditors,
 governmental regulators and self-regulatory organizations; 

properly
 review and critically analyze proposed disclosure for accuracy and completeness (or, where
 appropriate, delegate this task to others); 

2 

comply
 with rules and regulations of federal, state, provincial, local and overseas governments,
 as well as those of other appropriate private and public regulatory agencies that affect
 the conduct of the Company s business and the Company s financial reporting;
 and 

provide
 information that is accurate, complete, objective, relevant, timely and understandable to
 ensure full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents
 filed with or submitted to the SEC or used in other public communications by the Company. 

4. Compliance
with Laws 

All
directors, officers and employees of the Company should respect and comply with all of the laws, rules and regulations of the United
States and other countries, and the states, counties, cities and other jurisdictions, in which the Company conducts its business or any
other laws, rules and regulations of which are applicable to the Company. Please also refer to Section XVII Insider Trading 
below for a discussion of insider trading prohibitions. 

This
Code does not summarize all laws, rules and regulations applicable to the Company and its employees, officers and directors. Please consult
with one of the Senior Officers with any specific questions regarding compliance with laws. 

5. Research
and Development; Regulatory Compliance 

The
research and development of telecommunication and drone products is subject to a number of legal and regulatory requirements, including
standards related to ethical research procedures and proper scientific conduct. We expect employees to comply with all such requirements. 

6. Interactions
with the Government 

In
the course of performing their duties for the Company, directors, officers and employees may interact with the United States, state and
local governments and the governments of foreign countries. The Company is committed to conducting its business with all governments
and their representatives with the highest standards of business ethics and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, including
the special requirements that apply to communications with governmental bodies that may have regulatory authority over our products and
operations, and to communicate regarding government contracts and government transactions. In interactions with the government, directors,
officers and employees should: 

Be
 forthright and candid at all times. No director, officer or employee should intentionally
 misstate or omit any material information from any written or oral communication with the
 government. 

Ensure
 that all required written submissions are made to the government and are timely, and that
 all written submissions, whether voluntary or required, satisfy applicable laws and regulations. 

Directors,
 officers and employees should not offer or exchange any gifts, gratuities or favors with,
 or pay for meals, entertainment, travel or other similar expenses for, government employees. 

If
a director s, officer s or employee s responsibilities include interacting with the government, he or she is expected
to understand and comply with the special laws, rules and regulations that apply to his or her job position as well as with any applicable
standard operating procedures that the Company has implemented. If any doubt exists about whether a course of action is lawful, directors,
officers and employees should seek advice immediately from a supervisor and a Senior Officer. 

3 

Officers
and employees with responsibilities in the areas governed by the Communications Act and FCC rules and regulations, commercial drone regulations
(Part 107) under the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (the FAA ), import and export control, such as the International
Traffic in Arms Regulations ITAR and regulations, and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery and
anti-kickback laws and regulations, are required to understand and comply with these laws and regulations. These officers and employees
are expected to have a thorough understanding of the laws, regulations and other relevant standards applicable to their job positions,
and to comply with those requirements. Officers and employees should consult any applicable standard operating procedures that the Company
has implemented in order to understand and comply with the requirements of applicable laws and regulations. If any doubt exists regarding
whether a job position or a particular course of action is governed by these laws and regulations, directors, officers and employees
should seek advice immediately from a supervisor and a Senior Officers. 

In
addition to the above, directors, officers and employees must obtain approval from a Senior Officer for any work activity that requires
communication with any member or employee of a legislative body or with any government official or employee. Work activities covered
by this policy include meetings with legislators or members of their staffs or with senior executive branch officials on behalf of the
Company. Preparation, research and other background activities that are done in support of lobbying type communication are also covered
by this policy even if the communication ultimately is not made. If any doubt exists about whether a given work activity would be considered
covered by this provision, directors, officers and employees should seek advice immediately from a supervisor and the Senior Officers. 

7. Corporate
Opportunities 

Directors,
officers and employees owe a duty to the Company to advance the Company s business interests when the opportunity to do so arises.
Directors, officers and employees are prohibited from taking (or directing to a third party) a business opportunity that is discovered
through the use of corporate property, information or position, unless the Company has already been offered the opportunity and turned
it down. More generally, directors, officers and employees are prohibited from using corporate property, information or position for
personal gain and from competing with the Company. 

Sometimes
the line between personal and Company benefits is difficult to draw, and sometimes there are both personal and Company benefits in certain
activities. Directors, officers and employees who intend to make use of corporate property or services in a manner not solely for the
benefit of the Company should consult beforehand with one of the Senior Officers. 

8. Confidentiality 

In
carrying out the Company s business, directors, officers and employees often learn confidential or proprietary information about
the Company, its customers, suppliers, or joint venture parties. Directors, officers and employees must maintain the confidentiality
of all information so entrusted to them, except when disclosure is authorized or legally mandated. Confidential or proprietary information
of the Company, and of other companies, includes any non-public information that would be harmful to the relevant company or useful or
helpful to competitors if disclosed. 

9. Fair
Dealing 

The
Company does not seek competitive advantages through illegal or unethical business practices. Each director, officer and employee should
endeavor to deal fairly with the Company s customers, service providers, suppliers, competitors and employees. No director, officer
or employee should take unfair advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation
of material facts, or any unfair dealing practice. 

4 

The
Company is committed to dealing with all third parties fairly, honestly and with integrity. Specifically, directors, officers and employees
should keep the following guidelines in mind when representing the Company to a third party: 

Information
 we supply should be accurate and complete to the best of our knowledge. Directors, officers
 and employees should never deliberately misrepresent information about our products or the
 Company; 

Employees
 should always be cognizant of the potential confidential nature of the Company s information
 and should take appropriate precautions to protect it; 

Employees
 should not provide or accept entertainment or other benefits that could be viewed as an inducement
 to or a reward for purchase decisions. Please see Gifts and Entertainment below
 for additional guidelines in this area; and 

Directors,
 officers and employees must handle the nonpublic information of our vendors, suppliers, and
 others with whom we have a relationship responsibly and in accordance with our agreements
 with them, including information regarding technology and products. 

Relationships
with Suppliers 

The
Company deals fairly and honestly with its suppliers. This means that our relationships with suppliers are based on price, quality, service
and reputation, among other factors. Directors, officers and employees dealing with suppliers should carefully guard their objectivity.
Specifically, no director, officer or employees should accept or solicit any personal benefit from a supplier or potential supplier that
might compromise, or appear to compromise, his or her objective assessment of the supplier s products and prices. Directors, officers
and employees can give or accept promotional items of nominal value or moderately scaled entertainment within the limits of responsible
and customary business practice. Please see Gifts and Entertainment below for additional guidelines in this area. 

Relationships
with Competitors 

The
Company is committed to free and open competition in the marketplace. Directors, officers and employees should avoid actions that would
be contrary to laws governing competitive practices in the marketplace, including federal and state antitrust laws. Such actions include
misappropriation and/or misuse of a competitor s confidential information or making false statements about the competitor s business
and business practices. 

10. Protection
and Proper Use of Company Assets 

All
directors, officers and employees should protect the Company s assets and ensure their efficient use. The Company s assets,
including facilities, materials, supplies, time, information, intellectual property, software, and other assets owned or leased by the
Company, or that are otherwise in the Company s possession, may be used only for legitimate business purposes. The obligation to
protect the Company s assets includes the Company s proprietary information. Proprietary information includes intellectual
property such as trade secrets, patents, trademarks, and copyrights, as well as business and marketing plans, engineering and manufacturing
ideas, designs, databases, records and any non-public financial data or reports. 

The
personal use of the Company s assets without the Company s prior approval is prohibited. Theft, carelessness and waste have
a direct impact on the Company s profitability. 

11. Record
Retention 

The
records, data and information owned, used and managed by the Company must be accurate and complete. 

5 

Each
employee, officer and director of the Company is responsible for the integrity of the information, reports, and records under such employee s
control. Records must be maintained in sufficient detail as to reflect accurately the transactions of the Company. Financial statements
must always be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and fairly present, in all material respects, the
financial condition of the Company. 

Each
employee, officer and director of the Company is required to cooperate fully with appropriately authorized internal and external investigations.
Making false statements to or otherwise misleading internal or external auditors, counsel of the Company, representatives of the Company
or regulators can be a criminal act that can result in severe penalties. 

Destroying
any records that are potentially relevant to a violation of law or any litigation or any pending, threatened, or foreseeable government
investigation or proceeding is strictly prohibited. 

The
Company is committed to accuracy in tax-related records, and to tax reporting in compliance with the overall intent and letter of applicable
laws. Tax returns must be filed on a timely basis and taxes due paid on time. 

12. Gifts
and Entertainment 

Gifts
may only be accepted from current or prospective customers or suppliers of the Company when permitted under applicable law if they are
non-cash gifts of nominal value or customary and reasonable meals and entertainment at which the giver is present, such as the occasional
business meal or sporting event. Any gift which appears to be of more than a nominal value must be reported and may be returned to the
source. Moreover, no director, officer or employee should ever accept a gift in circumstances in which it could even appear to others
that such person s business judgment has been compromised. Please also refer to Section XVIII Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act below for a discussion of prohibitions with respect to gifts to foreign officials. 

13. Political
Contributions and Volunteer Activities 

The
Company encourages its directors, officers and employees to participate in the political process as individuals and on their own time.
However, federal and state contribution and lobbying laws severely limit the contributions the Company can make to political parties
or candidates. It is Company policy that Company funds or assets not be used to make a political contribution to any political party
or candidate, unless prior approval has been given by a Senior Officer. 

The
following guidelines are intended to ensure that any volunteer political activity a director, officer or employee pursues complies with
this policy: 

Directors,
 officers and employees may contribute personal funds to political parties or candidates.
 The Company will not reimburse persons for personal political contributions. 

Directors,
 officers and employees may participate in volunteer political activities during non-work
 time. Directors, officers and employees may not participate in volunteer political activities
 during working hours. 

The
 Company s facilities generally may not be used for political activities (including
 fundraisers or other activities related to running for office). However, the Company may
 make its facilities available for limited political functions, including speeches by government
 officials and political candidates, with the approval of a Senior Officer. 

When
 a director, officer or employee participates in non-Company political affairs, he or she
 should be careful to make it clear that his or her views and actions are his or her own,
 and not made on behalf of the Company. For instance, Company letterhead should not be used
 to send out personal letters in connection with political activities. 

These
guidelines are intended to ensure that any political activity a director, officer or employee pursues is done voluntarily and on his
or her own resources and time. Directors, officers and employees should contact a Senior Officer if they have any questions about this
policy. 

6 

14. Compliance
with Antitrust Laws 

Antitrust
laws of the U.S. and other countries are designed to protect consumers and competitors against unfair business practices and to promote
and preserve competition. Our policy is to compete vigorously and ethically while complying with all antitrust, monopoly, competition
or cartel laws in all countries, states or localities in which the Company conducts business. Violations of antitrust laws may result
in severe penalties against the Company and its employees, including potentially substantial fines and criminal sanctions. Directors,
officers and employees are expected to maintain basic familiarity with the antitrust principles applicable to their activities, and should
consult a Senior Officer with any questions they may have concerning compliance with these laws. The following is a summary of actions
that are violations of applicable antitrust laws: 

The
 Company may not agree with its competitors to raise, lower or stabilize prices or any element
 of price, including discounts and credit terms. 

The
 Company may not agree with its competitors to limit its quantity or type of production or
 restrict the supply of its services. 

The
 Company may not agree with its competitors to divide or allocate markets, territories or
 customers. 

The
 Company may not engage in any behavior that can be construed as an attempt to monopolize. 

The
 Company may not agree with its competitors to refuse to sell or purchase products or services
 from third parties. In addition, the Company may not prevent a customer from purchasing or
 using non-Company products or services. 

The
 Company may not require a customer to purchase a product or service that it does not want
 as a condition to the sale of a different product or service that the customer does wish
 to purchase. 

The
 Company may under some circumstances be prohibited from charging similarly situated customers
 different prices for the same good or service. Consult with a Senior Officer before undertaking
 any such pricing programs. 

Meetings
with Competitors 

Directors,
officers and employees should exercise caution in meetings with competitors. Any meeting with a competitor may give rise to the appearance
of impropriety. As a result, if a director, officer or employee is required to meet with a competitor for any reason, he or she should
obtain the prior approval of a Senior Officer. Directors, officers and employees should try to meet with competitors in a closely monitored,
controlled environment for a limited period of time. Directors, officers and employees should create and circulate agendas in advance
of any such meetings, and the contents of the meeting should be fully documented. Specifically, directors, officers and employees should
avoid any communications with a competitor regarding: 

Prices; 

Costs; 

Market
 share; 

Allocation
 of sales territories; 

Profits
 and profit margins; 

Suppliers 
 terms and conditions; 

Product
 or service offerings; 

Terms
 and conditions of sale; 

Bids
 for a particular contract or program; 

7 

Selection,
 retention or quality of customers; 

Distribution
 methods or channels; 

Marketing
 strategies; 

Future
 development plans or product roadmaps; or 

Other
 subjects relating to or affecting the production or sale of products and services to existing
 or prospective customers. 

If
a director, officer or employee participates in a meeting with a competitor in which any of the above topics are broached and which were
not part of the intended purpose of the meeting, he or she should affirmatively end the discussion, and should state his or her reasons
for doing so. During meetings with competitors, directors, officers and employees should avoid sharing or obtaining confidential information
from the competitor. Directors, officers and employees should also avoid statements that could be construed as unfair acts such as harassment,
threats or interference with the competitors existing contractual relationships. 

Professional
Organizations and Trade Associations 

Directors,
officers and employees should be cautious when attending meetings of professional organizations and trade associations at which competitors
are present. Attending meetings of professional organizations and trade associations is both legal and proper, if such meetings have
a legitimate business purpose and are conducted in an open fashion, adhering to a proper agenda. At such meetings, directors, officers
and employees should not discuss the restricted topics listed above, the Company s pricing policies or other competitive terms,
plans for new or expanded products, services or facilities, or any other proprietary, competitively sensitive information. Employees
are required to notify a supervisor or a Senior Officer prior to attending any meeting of a professional organization or trade association. 

15. Insider
Trading 

Consistent
with the laws of the United States and many other countries prohibiting trading in the securities (including equity securities, convertible
securities, options, bonds and any stock index containing the security) of any company while in possession of material, nonpublic information
(also known as inside information ), trading of the securities of the Company in such manner is expressly prohibited. Any
trading in the Company s securities must be in accordance with the Company s Insider Trading Policy adopted by the Board
of Directors. A copy of the Insider Trading Policy is available upon request. 

16. The
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act 

The
U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA outlines very serious provisions against bribery, including the payment,
or promise of payment, of anything of value to foreign officials (including any person employed by or representing a foreign government,
officials of a foreign political party, officials of public international organizations and candidates for foreign office). The FCPA
prohibits the Company and its directors, officers, employees and agents from offering or giving money or any other item of value to win
or retain business or to influence any act or decision of any government official, political party, candidate for political office or
official of a public international organization. Stated more concisely, the FCPA prohibits the payment of bribes, kickback or other inducements
to foreign officials. This prohibition also extends to payments to a sales representative or agent if there is reason to believe that
the payment will be used indirectly for a prohibited payment to foreign officials. 

Violation
of the FCPA is a crime that can result in severe fines and criminal penalties, as well as disciplinary action by the Company, up to and
including termination of employment. 

8 

Certain
small facilitation or grease payments to foreign officials may be permissible under the FCPA if customary in the country
or locality and intended to secure routine governmental action. Governmental action is routine if it is ordinarily and
commonly performed by a foreign official and does not involve the exercise of discretion. For instance, routine functions
would include setting up a telephone line or expediting a shipment through customs. To ensure legal compliance, all facilitation payments,
whether or not covered by the FCPA, must receive prior written approval from a Senior Officer and must be clearly and accurately reported
as a business expense. 

17. Export
Laws 

In
general, anything the Company ships out of the United States must be covered by an export license. There are certain statutory general
licenses that allow the Company to export some products without a specific license. Export control regulations are, however, quite complex
and differ for companies located in the United States and abroad. If a director, officer or employee has questions regarding import/export
laws, he or she should contact a Senior Officer. 

18. Environment,
Health and Safety 

The
Company is committed to providing a safe and healthy working environment for its employees and to avoiding adverse impact and injury
to the environment and the communities in which it does business. Directors, officers and employees must comply with all applicable environmental,
health and safety laws, regulations and Company standards. It is the responsibility of directors, officers and employees to understand
and comply with the laws, regulations and policies that are relevant to their job. Failure to comply with environmental, health and safety
laws and regulations can result in civil and criminal liability against directors, officers, employees and/or the Company, as well as
disciplinary action by the Company, up to and including termination of employment. Directors, officers and employees should contact a
Senior Officer if they have any questions about the laws, regulations and policies that apply to them. 

Environment 

All
directors, officers and employees should strive to conserve resources and reduce waste and emissions through recycling and other energy
conservation measures. Directors, officers and employees have a responsibility to promptly report any known or suspected violations of
environmental laws or any events that may result in a discharge or emission of hazardous materials. 

Health
and Safety 

The
Company is committed not only to comply with all relevant health and safety laws, but also to conduct business in a manner that protects
the safety of its employees. All employees and directors are required to comply with all applicable health and safety laws, regulations
and policies relevant to their positions. If a director, officer or employee has a concern about unsafe conditions or tasks that may
present a risk of injury, he or she should report such concerns immediately to his or her supervisor or the Human Resources Department. 

19. Employment
Practices 

The
Company pursues fair employment practices in every aspect of its business. The following is only intended to be a summary of certain
of our employment policies and procedures. Officers and employees should consult any policies, including any employee handbook, that
the Company has implemented. Company employees must comply with all applicable labor and employment laws, including anti-discrimination
laws and laws related to freedom of association and privacy. It is the responsibility of directors, officers and employees to understand
and comply with the laws, regulations and policies that are relevant to their respective jobs. Failure to comply with labor and employment
laws can result in civil and criminal liability against directors, officers, employees and/or the Company, as well as disciplinary action
by the Company, up to and including termination of employment. Directors, officers and employees should contact a Senior Officer if they
have any questions about the laws, regulations and policies that apply to them. 

9 

Harassment
and Discrimination 

The
Company is committed to providing equal opportunity and fair treatment to all individuals on the basis of merit, without discrimination
because of race, color, religion, national origin, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, age, disability, veteran status or
other characteristic protected by law. The Company also prohibits harassment based on these characteristics in any form, whether physical
or verbal and whether committed by supervisors, non-supervisory personnel or non-employees. Harassment may include, but is not limited
to, offensive sexual flirtations, unwanted sexual advances or propositions, verbal abuse, sexually or racially degrading words, or the
display in the workplace of sexually suggestive or racially degrading objects or pictures. 

If
a director, officer or employee has any complaints about discrimination or harassment, he or she should report such conduct to a supervisor
or a Senior Officer. All complaints will be treated with sensitivity and discretion. A supervisor, a Senior Officer and the Company will
protect the confidentiality of a person making any complaint to the extent possible, consistent with law and the Company s need
to investigate the matter. Where our investigation uncovers harassment or discrimination, we will take prompt corrective action, which
may include disciplinary action by the Company, up to and including, termination of employment. The Company strictly prohibits retaliation
against an employee who, in good faith, files a complaint. 

Any
member of management who has reason to believe that an employee has been the victim of harassment or discrimination or who receives a
report of alleged harassment or discrimination is required to report it to a Senior Officer immediately. 

Alcohol
and Drugs 

The
Company is committed to maintaining a drug-free work place. All Company employees must comply strictly with Company policies regarding
the abuse of alcohol and the possession, sale and use of illegal substances. Drinking alcoholic beverages is prohibited while on duty
or on the premises of the Company, except at specified Company-sanctioned events or as otherwise authorized by management. Possessing,
using, selling or offering illegal drugs and other controlled substances is prohibited under all circumstances while on duty or on the
premises of the Company. Likewise, directors, officers and employees are prohibited from performing their duties or reporting for work,
or driving a Company vehicle or any vehicle on Company business, while under the influence of alcohol or any illegal drug or controlled
substance. 

Violence
Prevention 

The
safety and security of Company employees is vitally important. The Company will not tolerate violence or threats of violence in, or related
to, the workplace. If a director, officer or employee experiences, witnesses or otherwise becomes aware of a violent or potentially violent
situation that occurs on the Company s property or affects the Company s business, he or she must immediately report the
situation to a supervisor or a Senior Officer. 

20. Reporting
any Illegal or Unethical Behavior 

Employees,
officers and directors who are concerned that violations of this Code or that other illegal or unethical conduct by directors, officers
and employees of the Company (including, without limitation, insider trading, fraudulent or criminal activity, questionable accounting
or auditing practices and misappropriation of corporate funds) has occurred or may occur should either contact their supervisors, managers
or the Senior Officers. If they do not believe it appropriate or are not comfortable approaching their supervisors or the Senior Officers
about their concerns or complaints, then they may contact the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. If their concerns or complaints
require confidentiality, including keeping their identity anonymous, then this confidentiality will be protected, subject to applicable
law, regulation or legal proceedings. 

10 

The
Audit Committee is charged with ensuring that records of complaints and investigations are secure, and to the extent applicable, kept
confidential. Access to these records will also be strictly controlled. 

If
the Audit Committee determines that a violation has occurred, it will inform the Board of Directors. Upon being notified that a violation
has occurred, the Board of Directors will take such disciplinary or preventive action as it deems appropriate. 

The
Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the receipt, retention and investigation of and response to all complaints. The Audit Committee
will determine who should lead the investigation. Investigators may include, but are not limited to, a member of the Audit Committee,
the Chief Financial Officer, internal legal counsel, external auditors or external legal counsel. If a third-party investigator is chosen,
the Company will provide the Audit Committee with funding to compensate the third-party investigator. The Audit Committee will seek to
assure that any third-party investigator is fully independent. 

In
connection with the investigation of a complaint, the Audit Committee or its investigator may consult with, and obtain the assistance
of, any member of management who is not the subject of the complaint. In addition, the Audit Committee may, in its sole discretion, retain
independent legal, accounting or other advisors as may be necessary or appropriate. 

The
investigator may prepare a report of findings and recommendations based on the results of the investigation. Copies of any report will
be provided to the Audit committee. If the findings indicate the complaint has validity, the Audit Committee will determine the action
required, which could include disciplining the responsible person(s), and/or establishing new processes to prevent further violations.
The Audit Committee will discuss the findings with outside counsel to determine whether public disclosure or disclosure to outside agencies
and/or reporting to the full Board of Directors, is necessary or appropriate. 

Reports
can be made, at any time, confidentially and anonymously to the Audit Committee in writing to the Chairman of the Audit Committee at
the Company s principal business address. 

21. No
Retaliation 

No
supervisor, officer, director, department head or any other employee with authority to make or materially influence significant personnel
decisions shall take or recommend any action that may discharge, demote, suspend, threaten, harass, or in any other manner discriminate
against an employee Adverse Personnel Action in knowing retaliation for disclosing any alleged wrongful conduct to a
Senior Officer, supervisor, Audit Committee member, director, the SEC or another regulatory body. 

This
anti-retaliation policy may not be used as a defense by an employee against whom an Adverse Personnel Action has been taken for legitimate
reasons or cause. It shall not be a violation of this policy to take Adverse Personnel Action against an employee whose conduct or performance
warrants that action separate and apart from the employee making the disclosure. 

An
employee s protection under this policy is in addition to any protections such employee may have pursuant to any applicable federal
or state law, and this policy shall not be construed as limiting any such protections. 

22. Amendment,
Modification and Waiver 

The
Nominating Governance Committee shall review and reassess this Code at least annually, and shall propose any revisions to the Board
of Directors. This Code may be amended, modified or waived by the Board of Directors, and waivers may also be granted by the Audit Committee
or Nominating and Governance Committee as applicable, and subject to the disclosure and other provisions of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 and the rules thereunder, and the applicable rules of the primary national securities exchange upon which the Company s
common stock is listed. 

11 

</EX-14>

<EX-21>
 7
 f10k2022ex21_comsovereign.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21 

Direct
or indirect subsidiaries of COMSovereign Holding Corp. a Nevada corporation, as of December 31, 2022, with jurisdiction of incorporation
or formation: 

AZCOMS,
 LLC, an Arizona limited liability company. 

COMS
 Global Telecommunications, LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 

COMS
 Government Systems, LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 

COMS
 Science and Technology, LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 

COMS
 Site Solutions, LLC, a Texas limited liability company. 

DragonWave
 Corp., a Delaware corporation. 

DragonWave-X,
 LLC, an Arizona limited liability company. 

Drone
 AFS Corp., a Nevada corporation. 

Elitise
 LLC, an Arizona limited liability company. 

InduraPower,
 Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Innovation
 Digital, LLC, a California limited liability company. 

Lextrum,
 Inc., a California corporation. 

Lighter
 Than Air Systems Corp., (d/b/a Drone Aviation Corp) a Florida corporation. 

RF
 Engineering Energy Resource, LLC, a Michigan limited liability company. 

SAGUNA
 Networks Ltd., an Israeli company. 

Saguna
 Networks Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Silver
 Bullet Technology, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

Silver
 Bullet Technology, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

Sky
 Sovereign, Inc., a Nevada corporation. 

Sky
 Sapience, Ltd., an Israeli company. 

Skyline
 Partners Technology, LLC, (d/b/a FastBack) a Colorado limited liability company. 

Sovereign
 Engineering LLC, an Arizona limited liability company. 

VEO
 Photonics, Inc., a California corporation. 

Virtual
 NetCom, LLC, a Virginia limited liability company. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 8
 f10k2022ex23_comsovereign.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of COMSovereign Holding Corp. on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-258104)
and S-3 (File No. 333-259307) of our report dated December 6, 2023, which includes an explanatory paragraph as to the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial statements of COMSovereign Holding Corp.
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which report is included in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K of COMSovereign Holding Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

Marcum
 llp 

 New
York, NY 

December
6, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 f10k2022ex31-1_comsovereign.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, David A. Knight, certify that: 

(1) 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of COMSovereign Holding Corp. (the Registrant ); 

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 disclosed in the report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December
 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ David A. Knight 

David A. Knight 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 f10k2022ex31-2_comsovereign.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, David A. Knight, certify that: 

(1) 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of COMSovereign Holding Corp. (the Registrant ); 

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 disclosed in the report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: December
 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ David A. Knight 

David A. Knight 

Acting Chief Financial Officer 

(Acting Principal Financial and 
Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 f10k2022ex32-1_comsovereign.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of COMSovereign Holding Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David A. Knight, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 

Dated: December
 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ David A. Knight 

David A. Knight 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 f10k2022ex32-2_comsovereign.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of COMSovereign Holding Corp. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David A. Knight, Chief Financial and Accounting Officer of the Company, hereby
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of, and for, the periods presented in the Report. 

Dated: December
 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ David A. Knight 

David A. Knight 

Acting Chief Financial Officer 

(Acting Principal Financial and 
Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 coms-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 coms-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 coms-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 coms-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 coms-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

