<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231208_10-K_edgar_data_1504619_0000950170-23-068908.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>58895544</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>664005</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4434513</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>26093494</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5996960</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>19979629</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-068908.hdr.sgml : 20231208
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231207205624
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-068908
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231208
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231207

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001504619
		IRS NUMBER:				273794690
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00891
		FILM NUMBER:		231473779

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 905-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		590 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PennantPark Senior Floating Rate Fund Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101029

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-068908.txt : 20231208

10-K
 1
 pflt-20230930.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 
 OR 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

MARYLAND 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes . 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No . 
 The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on March 31, 2023 based on the closing price on that date of 10.61 on The New York Stock Exchange was approximately million. For the purposes of calculating the aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates, all directors and executive officers of the Registrant have been treated as affiliates. There were shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding as of December 7, 2023. 

PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD. 
 FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1 
 
 Business 
 
 2 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 17 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 38 

Item 1C. 
 Cybersecurity 
 
 38 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 38 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 38 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 38 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 39 

Item 6. 
 
 Selected Financial Data 
 
 41 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 42 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 58 

Item 8. 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 59 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 98 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 98 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 98 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 
 
 98 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 100 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 100 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 100 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 100 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 100 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 101 

Signatures 
 
 104 

PART I 
 In this annual report on Form 10-K, or the Report, except where the context suggests otherwise, the terms Company, we, our or us refer to PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. and its wholly-owned consolidated subsidiaries; Funding I refers to PennantPark Floating Rate Funding I, LLC; Taxable Subsidiary refers to PFLT Investment Holdings, LLC; PSSL refers to PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC, an unconsolidated joint venture; PTSF refers to PennantPark-TSO Senior Loan Fund, LP, an unconsolidated limited partnership; PennantPark Investment Advisers or Investment Adviser refer to PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC; PennantPark Investment Administration or Administrator refers to PennantPark Investment Administration, LLC; 2023 Notes refers to our 4.3 Series A notes due 2023; 2026 Notes refers to our 4.25 Notes due 2026; 1940 Act refers to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; SBCAA refers to the Small Business Credit Availability Act; Code refers to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; RIC refers to a regulated investment company under the Code; BDC refers to a business development company under the 1940 Act; MCG refers to MCG Capital Corporation; Prior Credit Facility refers to our multi-currency senior secured revolving credit facility, as amended and restated with Truist Bank (formerly SunTrust Bank) and other lenders, originally entered into on June 23, 2011 and terminated on August 12, 2021; Credit Facility refers to our multi-currency senior secured revolving credit facility, as amended from time to time, with Truist Bank and other lenders, or the Lenders, entered into on August 12, 2021; Securitization Issuer refers to PennantPark CLO I, Ltd.; Securitization Issuers refers to the Securitization Issuer and PennantPark CLO I, LLC; Debt Securitization refers to the 301.4 million term debt securitization completed by the Securitization Issuers; 2031 Asset-Backed Debt refers to (i) the issuance of the Class A-1 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2031, the Class A-2 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes due 2031, the Class B-1 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2031, the Class B-2 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes due 2031, the Class C-1 Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2031, the Class C-2 Notes Secured Deferrable Fixed Rate Notes due 2031, and the Class D Secured Deferrable Floating Notes due 2031 and (ii) the borrowing of the Class A 1 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2031 by the Securitization Issuers in connection with the Debt Securitization; and Depositor refers to PennantPark CLO I Depositor, LLC. References to our portfolio, our investments, our multi-currency, senior secured revolving credit facility, as amended and restated, or the Credit Facility, and our business include investments we make through our subsidiaries. Some of the statements in this annual report constitute forward-looking statements, which apply to us and relate to future events, future performance or future financial condition. The forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties for us and actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including those factors discussed in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report. 
 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Some, but not all, of the risks and uncertainties that we face are related to: 
 
 our ability to remain in compliance with the financial and operational covenants of the Credit Facility, as well as the risks associated with our wholly owned subsidiary, Funding I, and the restrictions imposed on Funding I by the Credit Facility; 

our ability to operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities; 

the prospects of our portfolio companies and the ability of our portfolio companies to achieve their objectives, the decline or failure of which may result in our borrowers defaulting on their payments to us; 

the ability of our Investment Adviser to hire and retain qualified personnel, to monitor and administer our investments and to manage our future growth effectively; 

changes to the interest rate environment, including the discontinuation of LIBOR and its impact on the value of floating-rate debt securities in our portfolio or issued by us; 

our reliance on information systems, the failure of which could result in delays or other problems with our business activities, and the susceptibility of such systems to cybersecurity threats; 

our ability to replicate historical performance of other investment companies and funds with which our professionals have been affiliated; 

our ability to raise additional capital while remaining in compliance with certain annual distribution, asset coverage, asset composition and other regulatory requirements needed to maintain our status as a BDC and a RIC; 

the use of leverage to fund our investments, including the indebtedness resulting from the Credit Facility, 2023 Notes, 2026 Notes and 2031 Asset-Backed Debt, and the risk that we may fail to comply with the terms governing such indebtedness or maintain certain asset coverage ratio requirements; 

our issuance of debt or other securities and the impact of such issuances on the value of our common stock or NAV; 

market conditions that may make it difficult for us to refinance or extend the maturity of our existing indebtedness; 

potential conflicts of interest of our Investment Adviser and Administrator; 

the potential dilution caused by any future issuances of subscription rights or warrants; 

the impact of recent financial reform legislation and uncertainty about any future laws and regulations on our business and our portfolio companies; 

the investment objectives and decisions advanced by the board of directors or the Investment Adviser which are not subject to stockholder approval and potential activism by our shareholders; 

the illiquid nature of the assets in which we invest and our valuation procedures with respect to such assets; 

making investments in loans bearing a variable-rate of interest, or floating rate loans, first lien secured debt, second lien secured debt, subordinated debt and the equity of certain portfolio companies, and the risks of making such investments in privately held middle-market companies; 

the Investment Adviser s incentive to make speculative investments to earn a greater incentive fee and, in some instances, our obligation to pay incentive compensation to our Investment Adviser even after we incur a loss; 

1 

our investment in derivatives and the use of leverage; 

the potential dilution of our common stock which may result from issuances of our common stock below the then current NAV per share; 

our allocation of net proceeds from offering in ways which you may not agree and our inability to invest proceeds from offerings in new investment opportunities, which could negatively affect our financial performance; 

tax liabilities resulting from receiving our stock as a distribution; 

the measures we have taken to deter takeover attempts, which may adversely impact the price of our common stock; 

exchange rate fluctuations which may adversely impact holders of our 2023 Notes that receive payments of principal and interest in New Israeli Shekels; 

our interests in connection with the Debt Securitization and the offering of the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt by the Securitization Issuers; 

changes to political, economic or industry conditions or conditions affecting the financial and capital markets, including changes caused by the ongoing invasion of Ukraine by Russia, that could cause volatility or prolonged disruption of the capital markets and impact the value of our assets; 

our cash balances at financial institutions that exceed federally insured limits and the impact of adverse developments affecting the financial services industry; 

the impact of economic sanction laws in the United States and other jurisdictions which may prohibit us and our affiliates from transacting with certain countries, individuals and companies; 

potential litigation, whether initiated by shareholders or other parties, and, with respect to the holders of our 2023 Notes and our 2026 Notes, the ability to enforce civil judgments against us and our directors, officers and experts; and 

the impact of global climate change on the operations of our portfolio companies. 

We have identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting, and we may identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, which may result in future financial statements containing errors that will be undetected and could impact the operations of our business including our ability to obtain financing, the cost of any financing we obtain or require additional expenditures of resources to comply with applicable requirements. 

Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or operating results. For a more detailed discussion of the risks that you should consider prior to investing in our securities, see Item 1A. Risk Factors below. 
 Item 1.	B usiness 
 General Business of PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. 
 PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. is a BDC whose objectives are to generate both current income and capital appreciation while seeking to preserve capital by investing primarily in floating rate loans, and other investments made to U.S. middle-market companies. 
 We believe that floating rate loans to U.S. middle-market companies offer attractive risk-reward to investors due to a limited amount of capital available for such companies. We use the term middle-market to refer to companies with annual revenues between 50 million and 1 billion. Our investments are typically rated below investment grade. Securities rated below investment grade are often referred to as leveraged loans, high yield securities or junk bonds and are often higher risk compared to debt instruments that are rated above investment grade and have speculative characteristics. However, when compared to junk bonds and other non-investment grade debt, senior secured floating rate loans typically have more robust capital-preserving qualities, such as historically lower default rates than junk bonds, represent the senior source of capital in a borrower s capital structure and often have certain of the borrower s assets pledged as collateral. Our debt investments may generally range in maturity from three to ten years and are made to U.S. and, to a limited extent, non-U.S. corporations, partnerships and other business entities which operate in various industries and geographical regions. 
 Under normal market conditions, we generally expect that at least 80 of the value of our managed assets, which means our net assets plus any borrowings for investment purposes, will be invested in floating rate loans and other investments bearing a variable-rate of interest. We generally expect that first lien secured debt will represent at least 65 of our overall portfolio. We also generally expect to invest up to 35 of our overall portfolio opportunistically in other types of investments, including second lien secured debt and subordinated debt and, to a lesser extent, equity investments. We seek to create a diversified portfolio by generally targeting an investment size between 5 million and 30 million, on average, although we expect that this investment size will vary proportionately with the size of our capital base. 
 Our investment activity depends on many factors, including the amount of debt and equity capital available to middle-market companies, the level of merger and acquisition activity for such companies, the general economic environment and the competitive environment for the types of investments we make. We have used, and expect to continue to use, our debt capital, proceeds from the rotation of our portfolio and proceeds from public and private offerings of securities to finance our investment objectives. 
 Organization and Structure of PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. 
 PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd., a Maryland corporation organized in October 2010, is a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified investment company that has elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. In addition, for federal income tax purposes we have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under the Code. 
 Funding I, our wholly-owned subsidiary and a special purpose entity, was organized in Delaware as a limited liability company in May 2011. We formed Funding I in order to establish our Prior Credit Facility. On August 12, 2021, we terminated the Prior Credit Facility, and Funding I, as borrower, entered into the Credit Facility, which provides the ability for Funding I to borrow up to 386 million (increased from 366 million in July 2023). The Credit Facility is secured by all of the assets of Funding I. 
 2 

In May 2017, we and a subsidiary of Kemper Corporation (NYSE: KMPR), Trinity Universal Insurance Company, or Kemper, formed PSSL, an unconsolidated joint venture. PSSL invests primarily in middle-market and other corporate debt securities consistent with our strategy. PSSL was formed as a Delaware limited liability company. 
 In April 2019, our wholly-owned subsidiary, the Securitization Issuer, was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability. We formed the Securitization Issuer in order to complete the Debt Securitization. 
 Our Investment Adviser and Administrator 
 We utilize the investing experience and contacts of PennantPark Investment Advisers in developing what we believe is an attractive and diversified portfolio. The senior investment professionals of the Investment Adviser have worked together for many years and average over 25 years of experience in the senior lending, mezzanine lending, leveraged finance, distressed debt and private equity businesses. In addition, our senior investment professionals have been involved in originating, structuring, negotiating, managing and monitoring investments in each of these businesses across changing economic and market cycles. We believe this experience and history have resulted in a strong reputation with financial sponsors, management teams, investment bankers, attorneys and accountants, which provides us with access to substantial investment opportunities across the capital markets. Our Investment Adviser has a rigorous investment approach, which is based upon intensive financial analysis with a focus on capital preservation, diversification and active management. Since our Investment Adviser s inception in 2007, it has invested through its managed funds 18.5 billion in 653 companies with more than 200 different financial sponsors through its managed funds, which includes investments by the Company totaling 5.3 billion in 468 companies. 
 Our Administrator has experienced professionals with substantial backgrounds in finance and administration of registered investment companies. In addition to furnishing us with clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services, the Administrator also oversees our financial records as well as the preparation of our reports to stockholders and reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. The Administrator assists in the determination and publication of our net asset value, or NAV, oversees the preparation and filing of our tax returns, and monitors the payment of our expenses as well as the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. Furthermore, our Administrator offers, on our behalf, significant managerial assistance to those portfolio companies to which we are required to offer such assistance. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Business and Structure There are significant potential conflicts of interest which could impact our investment returns for more information. 
 Market Opportunity 
 We believe that the limited amount of capital available to middle-market companies, coupled with the desire of these companies for flexible sources of capital, creates an attractive investment environment for us. 
 We believe middle-market companies have faced difficulty raising debt in private markets. From time to time, banks, finance companies, hedge funds and collateralized loan obligation, or CLO, funds have withdrawn, and may again withdraw, capital from the middle-market, resulting in opportunities for alternative funding sources. 

We believe middle-market companies have faced difficulty in raising debt through the capital markets. Many middle-market companies look to raise funds by issuing high-yield bonds and broadly syndicated loans. We believe this approach to financing becomes difficult at times when institutional investors seek to invest in larger, more liquid offerings. We believe this has made it harder for middle-market companies to raise funds by issuing high-yield securities from time to time. 

We believe that credit market dislocation for middle-market companies improves the risk-reward on our investments. From time to time, market participants have reduced lending to middle-market and non-investment grade borrowers. As a result, we believe there is less competition in our market, more conservative capital structures, higher yields and stronger covenants. 

We believe there is a large pool of uninvested private equity capital likely to seek to combine their capital with sources of debt capital to complete private investments. We expect that private equity firms will continue to be active investors in middle-market companies. These private equity funds generally seek to leverage their investments by combining their capital with loans provided by other sources, and we believe that we are well-positioned to partner with such equity investors. 

We believe there is substantial supply of opportunities resulting from maturing loans that seek refinancing. A high volume of financings will come due in the next few years. Additionally, we believe that demand for debt financing from middle-market companies will remain strong because these companies will continue to require credit to refinance existing debt, to support growth initiatives and to finance acquisitions. We believe the combination of strong demand by middle-market companies and, from time to time, the reduced supply of credit described above should increase lending opportunities for us. We believe this supply of opportunities coupled with a lack of demand offers attractive risk-reward to investors. 

Competitive Advantages 
 We believe that we have the following competitive advantages over other capital providers to middle-market companies: 
 a) Experienced Management Team 

The senior investment professionals of our Investment Adviser have worked together for many years and average over 25 years of experience in senior lending, mezzanine lending, leveraged finance, distressed debt and private equity businesses. These senior investment professionals have been involved in originating, structuring, negotiating, managing and monitoring investments in each of these businesses across changing economic and market cycles. We believe this extensive experience and history have resulted in a strong reputation across the capital markets. 
 Lending to middle-market companies requires in-depth diligence, credit expertise, restructuring experience and active portfolio management. For example, lending to middle-market companies in the United States is generally more labor intensive than lending to larger companies due to the smaller size of each investment and the fragmented nature of the information available with respect to such companies. We are able to provide value-added customized financial solutions to middle-market companies as a result of specialized due diligence, underwriting capabilities and more extensive ongoing monitoring required as lenders. 
 b) Disciplined Investment Approach with Strong Value Orientation 

We employ a disciplined approach in selecting investments that meet the long-standing, consistent value-oriented investment selection criteria employed by our Investment Adviser. Our value-oriented investment philosophy focuses on preserving capital and ensuring that our investments have an appropriate return profile in relation to risk. When market conditions make it difficult for us to invest according to our criteria, we are highly selective in deploying our capital. We believe this approach continues to enable us to build an attractive investment portfolio that meets our return and value criteria over the long-term. 
 3 

We believe it is critical to conduct extensive due diligence on investment targets. In evaluating new investments we, through our Investment Adviser, conduct a rigorous due diligence process that draws from our Investment Adviser s experience, industry expertise and network of contacts. Among other things, our due diligence is designed to ensure that each prospective portfolio company will be able to meet its debt service obligations. See Investment Selection Criteria for more information. 
 In addition to engaging in extensive due diligence, our Investment Adviser seeks to reduce risk by focusing on businesses with: 
 strong competitive positions; 

positive cash flow that is steady and stable; 

experienced management teams with strong track records; 

potential for growth and viable exit strategies; and 

capital structures offering appropriate risk-adjusted terms and covenants. 

c) Ability to Source and Evaluate Transactions through our Investment Adviser s Proactive Research Capability and Established Network 

The management team of our Investment Adviser has long-term relationships with financial sponsors, management consultants and management teams that we believe enable us to evaluate investment opportunities effectively in numerous industries, as well as provide us access to substantial information concerning those industries. We identify potential investments both through active origination and through dialogue with numerous financial sponsors, management teams, members of the financial community and corporate partners with whom the professionals of our Investment Adviser have long-term relationships. 
 d) Flexible Transaction Structuring 

We are flexible in structuring investments and tailor investments to meet the needs of a portfolio company while also generating attractive risk-adjusted returns. We can invest in all parts of a capital structure and our Investment Adviser has extensive experience in a wide variety of securities for leveraged companies throughout economic and market cycles. 
 Our Investment Adviser seeks to minimize the risk of capital loss without foregoing potential for capital appreciation. In making investment decisions, we seek to invest in companies that we believe can generate consistent positive risk-adjusted returns. 
 We believe that the in-depth experience of our Investment Adviser will enable us to invest throughout various stages of the economic and market cycles and to provide us with ongoing market insights in addition to a significant investment opportunity. 
 Competition 
 Our primary competitors provide financing to middle-market companies and include other BDCs, commercial and investment banks, commercial finance companies, CLO funds, private direct lending funds and, to the extent they provide an alternative form of financing, private equity funds. Additionally, alternative investment vehicles, such as hedge funds, frequently invest in middle-market companies. As a result, competition for investment opportunities in middle-market companies can be intense. However, we believe that from time to time there has been a reduction in the amount of debt capital available to middle-market companies, which we believe has resulted in a less competitive environment for making new investments. 
 Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, we believe some competitors have a lower cost of funds and access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships than us. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Business and Structure We operate in a highly competitive market for investment opportunities for more information. 
 Leverage 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, we maintained a 386 million (increased from 366 million in July 2023) Credit Facility, which matures in August 2026, with the Lenders. The Credit Facility currently bears interest at SOFR (or an alternative risk-free floating interest rate index) plus 236 basis points and, after the revolving period ends in August 2024, the rate will reset to Base Rate (or an alternative risk-free floating interest rate index) plus 250 basis points. The Credit Facility is secured by all of the assets held by Funding I, under which we had 9.4 million outstanding as of September 30, 2023. The Credit Facility had a weighted average interest rate of 7.7 , exclusive of the fee on undrawn commitments as of September 30, 2023. The Credit Facility had a weighted average interest rate of 4.9 , exclusive of the fee on undrawn commitments as of September 30, 2022. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, we had 376.6 million and 197.2 million of unused borrowing capacity under our Credit Facility, respectively, subject to the regulatory restrictions. We believe that our capital resources will provide us with the flexibility to take advantage of market opportunities when they arise. Our use of leverage, as calculated under the asset coverage requirements of the 1940 Act, may generally range between 140 and 170 of our net assets, or approximately 60 to 65 of our managed assets. We cannot assure investors that our leverage will remain within the range. The amount of leverage that we employ will depend on our assessment of the market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. 
 
 As of September 30, 2023 and 2022 we had 76.2 million and 97.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2023 Notes outstanding, respectively. The 2023 Notes were issued pursuant to a deed of trust between the Company and Mishmeret Trust Company, Ltd. as trustee. The 2023 Notes pay interest at a rate of 4.3 per year. Interest on the 2023 Notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 15 and December 15 of each year, commencing June 15, 2018. The principal on the 2023 Notes will be payable in four annual installments as follows: 15 of the original principal amount on December 15, 2020, 15 of the original principal amount on December 15, 2021, 15 of the original principal amount on December 15, 2022 and 55 of the original principal amount on December 15, 2023. 
 
 In March 2021, and in October 2021, we issued 100.0 million and 85.0 million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of our 2026 Notes at a public offering price per note of 99.4 and 101.5 , respectively. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, we had 185.0 million and 185.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2026 Notes outstanding, respectively. The 2026 Notes were issued pursuant to the Base Indenture, dated March 23, 2021 (the Base Indenture ), between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC (the Trustee ), as supplemented by the First Supplemental Indenture, dated March 23, 2021, between the Company and the Trustee. The 2026 Notes are due on April 1, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at the Company s option. The 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.25 per year payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year. The 2026 Notes are the Company s direct unsecured obligations and rank pari passu in right of payment with the Company s current and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness, senior to any of the Company s future indebtedness that expressly states it is subordinated in right of payment to the 2026 Notes, effectively subordinated in right of payment to all of the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness (including indebtedness that is initially unsecured, but to which the Company subsequently grant security) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and structurally 
 4 

subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of any of the Company s subsidiaries, financing vehicles, or similar facilities. We do not intend to list the 2026 Notes on any securities exchange or automated dealer quotation system. 
 
 In September 2019, the Securitization Issuers completed the Debt Securitization. The 2031 Asset-Backed Debt is secured by the middle market loans, participation interests in middle market loans and other assets of the Securitization Issuer. The 2031 Asset-Backed Debt is scheduled to mature on October 15, 2031. On the closing date of the Debt Securitization, in consideration of our transfer to the Securitization Issuer of the initial closing date loan portfolio, which included loans distributed to us by certain of our wholly owned subsidiaries, the Securitization Issuer transferred to us 100 of the Preferred Shares of the Securitization Issuer, 100 of the Class D Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes issued by the Securitization Issuer and a portion of the net cash proceeds received from the sale of the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt. As of both September 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had 228.0 million of 2031 Asset-Backed Debt outstanding with a weighted average interest rate of 7.1 and 4.6 , respectively. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources for more information. 
 
 In April 2021, we formed PTSF, an unconsolidated limited partnership, organized as a Delaware limited liability partnership. We sold 81.4 million in investments to a wholly-owned subsidiary of PTSF in exchange for cash in the amount of 69.5 million and an 11.9 million equity interest in PTSF representing 23.08 of the total outstanding Class A Units of PTSF. We recognized 0.4 million of realized gain upon the formation of PTSF. As of September 30, 2023, our capital commitment of 15.3 million is fully funded and we hold 23.08 of the total outstanding Class A Units of PTSF and a 4.99 voting interest in the general partner which manages PTSF. 
 
 On April 5, 2018, our board of directors approved the application of the modified asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, as amended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2018 (which includes the Small Business Credit Availability Act). As a result, the asset coverage requirement applicable to us for senior securities was reduced from 200 (i.e., 1 of debt outstanding for each 1 of equity) to 150 (i.e., 2 of debt outstanding for each 1 of equity), effective as of April 5, 2019, subject to compliance with certain disclosure requirements. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, our asset coverage ratio, as computed in accordance with the 1940 Act, was 230 and 178 , respectively. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for more information. 
 Investment Policy Overview 
 We seek to create a diversified portfolio primarily of floating rate loans by generally targeting an investment size of 5 million to 30 million in securities, on average, of middle-market companies. We expect this investment size to vary proportionately with the size of our capital base. We generally expect that first lien secured debt will represent at least 65 of our overall portfolio. We also generally expect to invest up to 35 of our overall portfolio opportunistically in other types of investments, including second lien secured debt, subordinated debt and, to a lesser extent, equity investments. The companies in which we invest are typically highly leveraged, and, in most cases, are not rated by national rating agencies. If such unrated companies were rated, we believe that they would typically receive a rating below investment grade (between BB and CCC under the Standard Poor s system) from the national rating agencies. Securities rated below investment grade are often referred to as leveraged loans, high yield securities or junk bonds and are often higher risk compared to debt instruments that are rated above investment grade and have speculative characteristics. In addition, we expect our debt investments to range in maturity from three to ten years. 
 
 Over time, we expect that our portfolio will continue to consist primarily of floating rate loans in qualifying assets such as private, or thinly traded or small market-capitalization, U.S. middle-market public companies. In addition, we may invest up to 30 of our portfolio in non-qualifying assets. These non-qualifying assets may include investments in public companies whose securities are not thinly traded or have a market capitalization of greater than 250 million, securities of middle-market companies located outside of the United States and investment companies as defined in the 1940 Act. We may acquire investments in the secondary markets. See Regulation Qualifying Assets and Investment Selection Criteria for more information. 
 
 Our board of directors has the authority to modify or waive certain of our operating policies and strategies without prior notice and without stockholder approval (except as required by the 1940 Act). However, absent stockholder approval, under the 1940 Act we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current operating policies and strategies would have on our business, operating results and value of our common stock. Nevertheless, the effects of changes to our operating policies and strategies may adversely affect our business, our ability to make distributions and the value of our common stock. 
 
 First Lien Secured Debt 
 
 Structurally, first lien secured debt ranks senior in priority of payment to second lien secured debt, subordinated debt and equity and benefits from a senior security interest in the assets of the borrower. As such, other creditors rank junior to our investments in these securities in the event of insolvency. Due to its lower risk profile and often more restrictive covenants as compared to second lien secured debt and subordinated debt, first lien secured debt generally earns a lower return than second lien secured debt and subordinated debt. In some cases first lien secured debt lenders receive opportunities to invest directly in the equity securities of borrowers and from time to time may also receive warrants to purchase equity securities. We evaluate these investment opportunities on a case-by-case basis. 
 
 Second Lien Secured Debt 
 
 Second lien secured debt usually ranks junior in priority of payment to first lien secured debt. Second lien secured debt holds a second priority with regard to right of payment in the event of insolvency. Second lien secured debt ranks senior to subordinated debt and common and preferred equity in borrowers capital structures. Due to its higher risk profile and often less restrictive covenants as compared to first lien secured debt, second lien secured debt generally earns a higher return than first lien secured debt. In many cases, second lien secured debt investors receive opportunities to invest directly in the equity securities of borrowers and from time to time may also receive warrants to purchase equity securities. We evaluate these investment opportunities on a case-by-case basis. 
 
 Subordinated Debt 
 
 Structurally, subordinated debt usually ranks junior in priority of payment to first lien secured debt and second lien secured debt, and is often unsecured. As such, other creditors may rank senior to us in the event of insolvency. Subordinated debt ranks senior to common and preferred equity in borrowers capital structures. Due to its higher risk profile and often less restrictive covenants as compared to first lien secured debt and second lien secured debt, subordinated debt generally earns a higher return than first lien secured debt and second lien secured debt. In many cases, subordinated debt investors receive opportunities to invest directly in the equity securities of borrowers, and from time to time, may also receive warrants to purchase equity securities. We evaluate these investment opportunities on a case-by-case basis. 
 Investment Selection Criteria 
 We are committed to a value-oriented philosophy used by the senior investment professionals of our Investment Adviser who manage our portfolio and seek to minimize the risk of capital loss without foregoing potential for capital appreciation. 
 5 

We have identified several criteria, discussed below, that we believe are important in identifying and investing in prospective portfolio companies. These criteria provide general guidelines for our investment decisions. However, we caution that not all of these criteria will be met by each prospective portfolio company in which we choose to invest. Generally, we seek to use our experience and access to market information to identify investment opportunities and to structure investments efficiently and effectively. 
 a) Leading and defensible competitive market positions 

The Investment Adviser invests in portfolio companies that it believes have developed strong positions within their markets. The Investment Adviser also seeks to invest in portfolio companies that it believes possess competitive advantages in, for example, scale, scope, customer loyalty, product pricing or product quality as compared to their competitors to protect their market position. 
 b) Investing in stable borrowers with positive cash flow 

Our investment philosophy places a premium on fundamental analysis and has a distinct value-orientation. The Investment Adviser invests in portfolio companies it believes to be stable and well-established, with strong cash flows and profitability. The Investment Adviser believes these attributes indicate portfolio companies that may be well-positioned to maintain consistent cash flow to service and repay their liabilities and maintain growth in their businesses or their relative market share. The Investment Adviser currently does not expect to invest significantly in start-up companies, companies in turnaround situations or companies with speculative business plans, although we are permitted to do so. 
 c) Proven management teams 

The Investment Adviser focuses on investments in which the portfolio company has an experienced management team with an established track record of success. The Investment Adviser typically requires that portfolio companies have in place proper incentives to align management s goals with our goals, including having equity interests. 
 d) Financial sponsorship 

The Investment Adviser may seek to cause us to participate in transactions sponsored by what it believes to be trusted financial sponsors. The Investment Adviser believes that a financial sponsor s willingness to invest significant equity capital in a portfolio company is an implicit endorsement of the quality of that portfolio company. Further, financial sponsors of portfolio companies with significant investments at risk may have the ability, and a strong incentive, to contribute additional capital in difficult economic times should financial or operational issues arise so as to maintain their ownership position. 
 e) Investments in different borrowers, industries and geographies 

The Investment Adviser seeks to invest our assets broadly among portfolio companies, across industries and geographical regions. The Investment Adviser believes that this approach may reduce the risk that a downturn in any one portfolio company, industry or geographical region will have a disproportionate impact on the value of our portfolio, although we are permitted to be non-diversified under the 1940 Act. 
 f) Viable exit strategy 

The Investment Adviser seeks to invest in portfolio companies that it believes will provide a steady stream of cash flow to repay our loans while also reinvesting in their respective businesses. The Investment Adviser expects that such internally generated cash flow, leading to the payment of interest on, and the repayment of the principal of, our investments in portfolio companies to be a key means by which we will exit from our investments over time. In addition, the Investment Adviser also seeks to invest in portfolio companies whose business models and expected future cash flows offer attractive exit possibilities. These companies include candidates for strategic acquisition by other industry participants and companies that may repay our investments through an initial public offering of common stock, refinancing or other capital markets transaction. 
 Due Diligence 
 We believe it is critical to conduct extensive due diligence in evaluating new investment targets. Our Investment Adviser conducts a rigorous due diligence process that is applied to prospective portfolio companies and draws from our Investment Adviser s experience, industry expertise and network of contacts. In conducting due diligence, our Investment Adviser uses information provided by companies, financial sponsors and publicly available information as well as information from relationships with former and current management teams, consultants, competitors and investment bankers. 
 Our due diligence may include: 
 review of historical and prospective financial information; 

research relating to the portfolio company s management, industry, markets, products and services and competitors; 

interviews with management, employees, customers and vendors of the potential portfolio company; 

on-site visits; 

review of loan documents; and 

background checks. 

Additional due diligence with respect to any investment may be conducted on our behalf by attorneys and accountants prior to the closing of the investment, as well as other outside advisers, as appropriate. 
 Upon the completion of due diligence on a portfolio company, the team leading the investment presents the investment opportunity to our Investment Adviser s investment committee. This committee determines whether to pursue the potential investment. All new investments are required to be reviewed by the investment committee of our Investment Adviser. The members of the investment committee receive no compensation from us. Rather, they are employees of and receive compensation from our Investment Adviser. 
 6 

Investment Structure 
 Once we determine that a prospective portfolio company is suitable for investment, we work with the management of that portfolio company and its other capital providers, including senior, junior and equity capital providers, to structure an investment. We negotiate with these parties to agree on how our investment is structured relative to the other capital in the portfolio company s capital structure. 
 We expect our floating rate loans to have terms of three to ten years. We generally obtain security interests in the assets of our portfolio companies that will serve as collateral in support of the repayment of these loans. This collateral may take the form of first priority liens on the assets of a portfolio company. 
 Typically, our second lien secured debt and subordinated debt investments have maturities of three to ten years. Second lien secured debt and subordinated debt may take the form of a second priority lien on the assets of a portfolio company and have interest-only payments in the early years with cash or payment-in-kind, or PIK, payments with amortization of principal deferred to the later years. In some cases, we may invest in debt securities that, by their terms, convert into equity or additional debt securities or defer payments of interest for the first few years after our investment. Also, in some cases, our second lien secured debt and subordinated debt may be collateralized by a subordinated lien on some or all of the assets of the borrower. 
 We seek to tailor the terms of the investment to the facts and circumstances of the transaction and the prospective portfolio company, negotiating a structure that protects our rights and manages our risk while creating incentives for the portfolio company to achieve its business plan and improve its profitability. For example, in addition to seeking a senior position in the capital structure of our portfolio companies, we seek to limit the downside potential of our investments by: 
 requiring a total return on our investments (including both interest in the form of a floor and potential equity appreciation) that compensates us for credit risk; 

incorporating put rights and call protection into the investment structure; and 

negotiating covenants in connection with our investments that afford our portfolio companies as much flexibility in managing their businesses as possible, consistent with our focus of preserving capital. Such restrictions may include affirmative and negative covenants, default penalties, lien protection, change of control provisions and board rights, including either observation or participation rights. 

Our investments may include equity features, such as direct investments in the equity securities of borrowers or warrants or options to buy a minority interest in a portfolio company. Any warrants we may receive with our debt securities generally require only a nominal cost to exercise, so as a portfolio company appreciates in value, we may achieve additional investment return from these equity investments. We may structure the warrants to provide provisions protecting our rights as a minority-interest holder, as well as puts, or rights to sell such securities back to the portfolio company, upon the occurrence of specified events. In many cases, we may also obtain registration rights in connection with these equity investments, which may include demand and piggyback registration rights. 
 We expect to hold most of our investments to maturity or repayment, but we may exit certain investments earlier when a liquidity event, such as the sale or refinancing of a portfolio company, takes place. We also may turn over investments to better position the portfolio in light of market conditions. 
 Ongoing Relationships with Portfolio Companies 
 Monitoring 
 The Investment Adviser monitors our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. The Investment Adviser also monitors the financial trends of each portfolio company to determine if it is meeting its respective business plans and to assess the appropriate course of action for each portfolio company. 
 The Investment Adviser has several methods of evaluating and monitoring the performance and fair value of our investments, which may include the following: 
 assessment of success in adhering to a portfolio company s business plan and compliance with covenants; 

periodic or regular contact with portfolio company management and, if appropriate, the financial or strategic sponsor, to discuss financial position, requirements and accomplishments; 

comparisons to other portfolio companies in the industry, if any; 

attendance at and participation in board meetings or presentations by portfolio companies; and 

review of periodic financial statements and financial projections for portfolio companies. 

The Investment Adviser monitors credit risk of each portfolio company regularly with a goal toward identifying early, and when able and appropriate, exiting investments with potential credit problems. This monitoring process may include reviewing: (1) a portfolio company s financial resources and operating history; (2) comparing a portfolio company s current operating results with the Investment Adviser s initial thesis for the investment and its expectations for the performance of the investment; (3) a portfolio company s sensitivity to economic conditions; (4) the performance of a portfolio company s management; (5) a portfolio company s debt maturities and capital requirements; (6) a portfolio company s interest and asset coverage; and (7) the relative value of an investment based on a portfolio company s anticipated cash flow. 
 Managerial Assistance 
 We offer significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. As a BDC, we are required to make available such significant managerial assistance within the meaning of Section 2(a)(47) of the 1940 Act. See Regulation for more information. 
 Staffing 
 We do not currently have any employees. Our Investment Adviser and Administrator have hired and expect to continue to hire professionals with skills applicable to our business plan, including experience in middle-market investing, senior lending, mezzanine lending, leveraged finance, distressed debt and private equity businesses. 
 Our Corporate Information 
 Our administrative and principal executive offices are located at 1691 Michigan Avenue, Miami Beach, Florida. Our common stock is quoted on The New York Stock Exchange, under the symbol PFLT. Our phone number is (786) 297-9500, and our Internet website address is www.pennantpark.com . Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Report and you should not consider information contained on our website to be part of this Report. We file periodic 
 7 

reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC and make such reports available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet website at www.sec.gov that contains material that we file with the SEC on the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval, or EDGAR, Database. 
 Our Portfolio 
 Our principal investment focus is to invest in floating rate loans to U.S. middle-market companies in a variety of industries. We generally seek to target companies that generate positive cash flows from the broad variety of industries in which our Investment Adviser has direct expertise. The following is an illustrative list of the industries in which the Investment Adviser has invested: 

Aerospace and Defense 
 
 Energy/Utilities 

Auto Sector 
 
 Environmental Services 

Beverage, Food and Tobacco 
 
 Financial Services 

Broadcasting and Entertainment 
 
 Grocery 

Buildings and Real Estate 
 
 Healthcare, Education and Childcare 

Building Materials 
 
 High Tech Industries 

Business Services 
 
 Home Office Furnishings, Housewares Durable Consumer Products 

Cable Television 
 
 Hotels, Motels, Inns and Gaming 

Capital Equipment 
 
 Insurance 

Cargo Transportation 
 
 Leisure, Amusement, Motion Picture, Entertainment 

Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 
 
 Logistics 

Communications 
 
 Manufacturing/Basic Industries 

Consumer Products 
 
 Media 

Consumer Services 
 
 Mining, Steel, Iron and Non-Precious Metals 

Containers Packaging Glass 
 
 Oil and Gas 

Distribution 
 
 Other Media 

Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 
 
 Personal, Food and Miscellaneous Services 

Diversified/Conglomerate Services 
 
 Printing and Publishing 

Diversified Natural Resources, Precious Metals and Minerals 
 
 Retail 

Education 
 
 Wholesale 

Electronics 

Listed below are our top ten portfolio companies and industries represented as a percentage of our consolidated portfolio assets (excluding cash and cash equivalents) as of September 30: 

Portfolio Company 
 
 2023 (1) 

Portfolio Company 
 
 2022 (1) 

NORA Acquisition, LLC 
 
 5 

By Light Professional IT Services, LLC 

5 

By Light Professional IT Services, LLC 

5 

Marketplace Events LLC 

3 

Marketplace Events LLC 

4 

Ox Two, LLC 

3 

Lightspeed Buyer Inc. 

3 

GCOM Software LLC 

3 

Loving Tan Intermediate II, Inc. 

3 

TVC Enterprises, LLC 

3 

Ox Two, LLC 

3 

Lightspeed Buyer Inc. 

3 

Lash Opco, LLC 

3 

Kinetic Purchaser, LLC 

2 

Apex Service Partners, LLC 

3 

Apex Service Partners, LLC 

2 

Kinetic Purchaser, LLC 

2 

Cartessa Aesthetics, LLC 

2 

System Planning and Analysis, Inc. (f/k/a Management Consulting Research, LLC) 

2 

UBEO, LLC 

2 

Industry 
 
 2023 (1) 

Industry 
 
 2022 (1) 

Media 
 
 9 

Professional Services 

9 

Healthcare Providers and Services 

9 

Media 

7 

Personal Products 

8 

Personal Products 

7 

Professional Services 

7 

IT Services 

6 

Aerospace and Defense 

6 

High Tech Industries 

5 

Media: Diversified and Production 

6 

Media: Diversified and Production 

5 

High Tech Industries 

5 

Commercial Services Supplies 

5 

Healthcare Technology 

4 

Aerospace and Defense 

4 

Commercial Services Supplies 

4 

Capital Equipment 

4 

IT Services 

4 

Healthcare Technology 

4 

(1) Excludes investments in PSSL. 

Our executive officers and directors, as well as the senior investment professionals of the Investment Adviser and Administrator, may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do. Currently, the executive officers and directors, as well as certain of the current senior investment professionals of the Investment Adviser and Administrator, serve as officers and directors of PennantPark Investment Corporation, a publicly traded BDC, and other managed funds, as applicable. Accordingly, they may have obligations to investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which obligations might not be in the best interest of us or our stockholders. In addition, we note that any affiliated investment vehicle currently existing, or formed in the future, and managed by the Investment Adviser and/or its affiliates may, notwithstanding different stated investment objectives, have overlapping investment objectives with our own and, accordingly, may invest in asset classes similar to those targeted by us. As a result, the Investment Adviser may face conflicts in allocating investment opportunities among us and such other entities. The Investment Adviser will allocate investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner consistent with our allocation policy, and we have received exemptive relief with respect to certain co-investment transactions. Where co-investment is unavailable or inappropriate, the Investment Adviser will choose which investment fund should receive the allocation. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Business and Structure There are significant potential conflicts of interest which could impact our investment returns for more information. 
 8 

We may invest, to the extent permitted by law, in the securities and instruments of other investment companies and companies that would be investment companies but are excluded from the definition of an investment company provided in Section 3(c) of the 1940 Act. We may also co-invest in the future on a concurrent basis with our affiliates, subject to compliance with applicable regulations, our trade allocation procedures and, if applicable, the terms of our exemptive relief. 
 Investment Management Agreement 
 We have entered into an agreement with the Investment Adviser, or the Investment Management Agreement, under which the Investment Adviser, subject to the overall supervision of our board of directors, manages the day-to-day operations of, and provides investment advisory services to, us. Mr. Penn, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is the managing member and a senior investment professional of, and has a financial and controlling interest in, PennantPark Investment Advisers. PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd., through the Investment Adviser, provides similar services to Funding I under its collateral management agreement. Funding I s collateral management agreement does not affect the management or incentive fees that we pay to the Investment Adviser on a consolidated basis. Under the terms of our Investment Management Agreement, the Investment Adviser: 
 determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; 

identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of the investments we make (including performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies); 

closes and monitors the investments we make; and 

provides us with such other investment advisory, research and related services as we may need from time to time. 

PennantPark Investment Advisers services under our Investment Management Agreement are not exclusive, and it is free to furnish similar services, without the prior approval of our stockholders or our board of directors, to other entities so long as its services to us are not impaired. Our board of directors monitors for any potential conflicts that may arise upon such a development. For providing these services, the Investment Adviser receives a fee from us, consisting of two components a base management fee and an incentive fee or, collectively, Management Fees. 
 Investment Advisory Fees 
 The base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.00 of our average adjusted gross assets, which equals our gross assets (net of U.S. Treasury Bills, temporary draws under any credit facility, cash and cash equivalents, repurchase agreements or other balance sheet transactions undertaken at the end of a fiscal quarter for purposes of preserving investment flexibility for the next quarter and unfunded commitments, if any) and is payable quarterly in arrears. The base management fee is calculated based on the average adjusted gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, and appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current calendar quarter. For example, if we sold shares on the 45th day of a quarter and did not use the proceeds from the sale to repay outstanding indebtedness, our gross assets for such quarter would give effect to the net proceeds of the issuance for only 45 days of the quarter during which the additional shares were outstanding. For the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Investment Adviser earned a base management fee of 11.4 million, 11.9 million and 10.7 million, respectively, from us. 
 The following is a hypothetical example of the calculation of average adjusted gross assets: 
 Gross assets as of December 31, 20XX = 160 million 
 U.S. Treasury bills and temporary draws on credit facilities as of December 31, 20XX = 10 million 
 Adjusted gross assets as of December 31, 20XX = 150 million 
 Gross assets as of March 31, 20XX = 200 million 
 U.S. Treasury bills and temporary draws on credit facilities as of March 31, 20XX = 20 million 
 Adjusted gross assets as of March 31, 20XX = 180 million 
 Average value of adjusted gross assets as of March 31, 20XX and December 31, 20XX, which are the two most recently completed calendar quarters, and appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the current calendar quarter equals 150 million + 180 million) / 2 = 165 million. 
 The incentive fee has two parts, as follows: 
 One part is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. For this purpose, Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income means interest income, dividend income and any other income, including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as amendment, commitment, origination, prepayment penalties, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees received from portfolio companies, accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, any expenses payable under the Administration Agreement (as defined below), and any interest expense or amendment fees under any credit facility and distribution paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, or OID, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we have not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, computed net of all realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, expressed as a percentage of the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to the hurdle rate of 1.75 per quarter (7.00 annualized). We pay the Investment Adviser an incentive fee with respect to our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income in each calendar quarter as follows: (1) no incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the hurdle rate of 1.75 , (2) 50 of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 2.9167 in any calendar quarter (11.67 annualized) (we refer to this portion of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (which exceeds the hurdle but is less than 2.9167 as the catch-up, which is meant to provide our Investment Adviser with 20 of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, as if a hurdle did not apply, if this net investment income exceeds 2.9167 in any calendar quarter), and (3) 20 of the amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds 2.9167 in any calendar quarter. These calculations are pro-rated for any share issuances or repurchases during the relevant quarter, if applicable. For the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Investment Adviser earned 16.9 million, 11.6 million and 5.3 million, respectively, in incentive fees on net investment income from us. 
 The following is a graphical representation of the calculation of quarterly incentive fee based on Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income: 
 9 

Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 (expressed as a percentage of the value of net assets) 

Percentage of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 allocated to income-related portion of incentive fee 
 The second part of the incentive fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Management Agreement, as of the termination date) and equals 20 of our realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees. For the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, we accrued an incentive fee on capital gains of approximately zero, respectively, as calculated under the Investment Management Agreement (as described above). 
 Under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, we are required to accrue a capital gains incentive fee based upon net realized capital gains and net unrealized capital appreciation and depreciation on investments held at the end of each period. In calculating the capital gains incentive fee accrual, we considered the cumulative aggregate unrealized capital appreciation in the calculation, as a capital gains incentive fee would be payable if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized, even though such unrealized capital appreciation is not permitted to be considered in calculating the fee actually payable under the Investment Management Agreement. This accrual is calculated using the aggregate cumulative realized capital gains and losses and cumulative unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. If such amount is positive at the end of a period, then we record a capital gains incentive fee equal to 20 of such amount, less the aggregate amount of actual capital gains related to incentive fees paid or accrued in all prior years. If such amount is negative, then there is no accrual for such year. There can be no assurance that such unrealized capital appreciation will be realized in the future. The incentive fee accrued for under GAAP on our unrealized and realized capital gains for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was zero, respectively. 
 Examples of Quarterly Incentive Fee Calculation 
 Example 1: Income Related Portion of Incentive Fee ): 
 Alternative 1: 
 Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 1.25 
 Hurdle (1) = 1.75 
 Base management fee (2) = 0.25 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) = 0.20 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 (investment income (base management fee + other expenses)) = 0.80 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed hurdle; therefore, there is no incentive fee. 
 Alternative 2: 
 Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 2.70 
 Hurdle (1) = 1.75 
 Base management fee (2) = 0.25 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) = 0.20 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 (investment income (base management fee + other expenses)) = 2.25 

Incentive fee 
 
 = 50 X Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, subject to catch-up 

= 50 X (2.25 - 1.75 

= 0.25 

10 

Alternative 3: 
 Assumptions 
 Investment income (including interest, dividends, fees, etc.) = 4.00 
 Hurdle (1) = 1.75 
 Base management fee (2) = 0.25 
 Other expenses (legal, accounting, custodian, transfer agent, etc.) = 0.20 
 Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income 
 (investment income (base management fee + other expenses)) = 3.55 

Incentive fee 
 
 = 20 X Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, subject to catch-up (3) 

Incentive fee 
 
 = 50 X catch-up + (20 x (Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income - 2.9167 )) 

Catch-up 
 
 = 2.9167 - 1.75 

= 1.1667 

= (50 X 1.1667 + (20 X (3.55 - 2.9167 )) 

= 0.5833 + (20 X 0.6333 

= 0.5833 + 0.1267 

= 0.71 

The hypothetical amount of Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income shown is based on a percentage of total net assets. 
 (1) Represents 7.0 annualized hurdle. 

(2) Represents 1.0 annualized base management fee. 

(3) The catch-up provision is intended to provide the Investment Adviser with an incentive fee of approximately 20 on all of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income as if a hurdle rate did not apply when our net investment income exceeds 2.9167 in any calendar quarter. 

Example 2: Capital Gains Portion of Incentive Fee: 
 Alternative 1: 
 Assumptions 
 Year 1: 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), and 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B 
 Year 2: Investment A sold for 50 million and fair market value FMV of Investment B determined to be 32 million 
 Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 25 million 
 Year 4: Investment B sold for 31 million 
 The capital gains portion of the incentive fee, if any, would be: 
 Year 1: None 
 Year 2: 6 million capital gains incentive fee 
 30 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A multiplied by 20 
 Year 3: None 
 5 million cumulative fee (20 multiplied by 25 million 30 million cumulative capital gains less 5 million cumulative capital depreciation)) less 6 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2) 
 Year 4: 200,000 capital gains incentive fee 
 6.2 million cumulative fee 31 million cumulative realized capital gains multiplied by 20 less 6 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2). 
 Alternative 2: 
 Assumptions 
 Year 1: 20 million investment made in Company A Investment A ), 30 million investment made in Company B Investment B and 25 million investment made in Company C Investment C 
 Year 2: Investment A sold for 50 million, FMV of Investment B determined to be 25 million and FMV of Investment C determined to be 25 million 
 Year 3: FMV of Investment B determined to be 27 million and Investment C sold for 30 million 
 Year 4: FMV of Investment B determined to be 35 million 
 Year 5: Investment B sold for 20 million 
 The capital gains portion of the incentive fee, if any, would be: 
 11 

Year 1: None 
 Year 2: 5 million capital gains incentive fee 
 20 multiplied by 25 million 30 million realized capital gains on sale of Investment A less 5 million unrealized capital depreciation on Investment B) 
 Year 3: 1.4 million capital gains incentive fee (1) 
 6.4 million cumulative fee (20 multiplied by 32 million 35 million cumulative realized capital gains less 3 million unrealized capital depreciation)) less 5 million (previous capital gains fee paid in Year 2) 
 Year 4: 0.6 million capital gains incentive fee 
 7 million cumulative fee (20 multiplied by 35 million 35 million cumulative realized capital gains without regard to 5 million of unrealized appreciation)) less 6.4 million (previous cumulative capital gains fee paid in Year 2 of 5 million and Year 3 of 1.4 million) 
 Year 5: None 
 7 million cumulative fee (20 multiplied by 35 million 35 million cumulative realized capital gains without regard to 10 million realized capital losses in subsequent year)) less 7 million (previous cumulative capital gains fee paid in Years 2, 3 and Year 4) 
 
 (1) As illustrated in Year 3 of Alternative 2 above, if we were to be wound up on a date other than December 31 of any year after year 3, we may have paid aggregate capital gain incentive fees that are more than the amount of such fees that would be payable if we had been wound up on December 31 of such year. 

Organization of the Investment Adviser 
 PennantPark Investment Advisers is a registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, or Advisers Act. The principal executive office of PennantPark Investment Advisers is located at 1691 Michigan Avenue, Miami Beach, Florida 33139. 
 Duration and Termination of Investment Management Agreement 
 The Investment Management Agreement was reapproved by our board of directors, including a majority of our directors who are not interested persons of us or the Investment Adviser, in February 2023. Unless terminated earlier as described below, the Investment Management Agreement will continue in effect for a period of one year through February 2024. It will remain in effect if approved annually by our board of directors, or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, including, in either case, approval by a majority of our directors who are not interested persons of us or the Investment Adviser. In determining to reapprove the Investment Management Agreement, our board of directors requested information from the Investment Adviser that enabled it to evaluate a number of factors relevant to its determination. These factors included the nature, quality and extent of services performed by the Investment Adviser, the Investment Adviser s ability to manage conflicts of interest effectively, our short and long-term performance, our costs, including as compared to comparable externally and internally managed publicly traded BDCs that engage in similar investing activities, the Investment Adviser s profitability, any economies of scale, and any other benefits of the relationship for the Investment Adviser. Based on the information reviewed and the considerations detailed above, our board of directors, including all of our directors who are not interested persons of us or the Investment Adviser, concluded that the investment advisory fee rates and terms are fair and reasonable in relation to the services provided and reapproved the Investment Management Agreement as being in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 The Investment Management Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment. The Investment Management Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other. See Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Business and Structure We are dependent upon our Investment Adviser s key personnel for our future success, and if our Investment Adviser is unable to hire and retain qualified personnel or if our Investment Adviser loses any member of its management team, our ability to achieve our investment objectives could be significantly harmed for more information. 
 Administration Agreement 
 We have entered into an agreement, or the Administration Agreement, with the Administrator, under which the Administrator furnishes us with office facilities, equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and record keeping services. Under our Administration Agreement, the Administrator performs, or oversees the performance of, our required administrative services, which include, among other activities, being responsible for the financial records we are required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders and reports filed with the SEC. In addition, the Administrator assists us in determining and publishing our NAV, oversees the preparation and filing of our tax returns and generally oversees the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. For providing these services, facilities and personnel, we have agreed to reimburse the Administrator for its allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent, technology systems, insurance and our allocable portion of the cost of compensation and related expenses of our Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Counsel and their respective staffs. The Administrator also offers on our behalf, significant managerial assistance to portfolio companies to which we are required to offer such assistance. To the extent that our Administrator outsources any of its functions, we will pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis without profit to the Administrator. Reimbursement for certain of these costs is included in administrative services expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recorded approximately 1.0 million, 0.6 million and 1.1 million, respectively, including expenses the Investment Adviser incurred on behalf of the Administrator, for services described above. 
 
 On July 1, 2022, the Administration Agreement with the Administrator was amended to clarify that the Administrator may be reimbursed by the Company for certain (i) tax and general legal advice and/or services provided to the Company by in-house professionals of the Administrator related to ongoing operations of the Company; and (ii) transactional legal advice and/or services provided to the Company or portfolio companies by in-house professionals of the Administrator or its affiliates on matters related to potential or actual investments and transactions, including tax structuring and/or due diligence. 
 Duration and Termination of Administration Agreement 
 The Administration Agreement was reapproved by our board of directors, including a majority of our directors who are not interested persons of us, in February 2023. Unless terminated earlier as described below, our Administration Agreement will continue in effect for a period of one year through February 2024. It will remain in effect if approved annually by our board of directors, or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, including, in either case, approval by a majority of our directors who are not interested persons of us. The Administration Agreement may not be assigned by either party without the consent of the other party. The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days written notice to the other. 
 12 

Indemnification 
 Our Investment Management Agreement and Administration Agreement provide that, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of their duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of their duties and obligations, PennantPark Investment Advisers and PennantPark Investment Administration and their officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with them are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of PennantPark Investment Advisers and PennantPark Investment Administration s services under our Investment Management Agreement or Administration Agreement or otherwise as Investment Adviser or Administrator for us. 
 License Agreement 
 We have entered into a license agreement, or the License Agreement, with PennantPark Investment Advisers pursuant to which PennantPark Investment Advisers has granted us a royalty-free, non-exclusive license to use the name PennantPark. Under this agreement, we have a right to use the PennantPark name, for so long as PennantPark Investment Advisers or one of its affiliates remains our Investment Adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, we have no legal right to the PennantPark name. 
 
 PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 
 In May 2017, we and Kemper formed PSSL, an unconsolidated joint venture. PSSL invests primarily in middle-market and other corporate debt securities consistent with our strategy. PSSL was formed as a Delaware limited liability company. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, PSSL had total assets of 869.4 million and 796.8 million, respectively. PSSL s portfolio consisted of investments in 105 portfolio companies as of September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2023, at fair value, the largest investment in a single portfolio company in PSSL was 18.5 million and the five largest investments totaled 83.4 million. PSSL invests in portfolio companies in the same industries in which we may directly invest. As of September 30, 2022, at fair value, the largest investment in a single portfolio company in PSSL was 19.3 million and the five largest investments totaled 86.9 million 
 
 We provide capital to PSSL in the form of first lien secured debt and equity interests. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, we and Kemper owned 87.5 and 12.5 , respectively, of each of the outstanding first lien secured debt and equity interests. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, our investment made in PSSL consisted of first lien secured debt of 210.1 million (additional 27.6 million unfunded) and 190.2 million (additional 19.9 million unfunded), respectively, and equity interests of 90.0 million (additional 11.8 million unfunded) and 81.5 million (additional 8.5 million unfunded), respectively. 
 REGULATION 
 Business Development Company and Regulated Investment Company Regulations 
 We are a BDC under the 1940 Act, which has qualified and intends to continue to qualify to maintain an election to be treated as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between a BDC and its affiliates (including any investment advisers or sub-advisers), principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters and requires that a majority of the directors be persons other than interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless approved by holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities. 
 We may invest up to 100 of our assets in securities acquired directly from issuers in privately negotiated transactions. With respect to such securities, we may, for the purpose of public resale, be deemed an underwriter as that term is defined in the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act. We may purchase or otherwise receive warrants to purchase the common stock of our portfolio companies in connection with acquisition financing or other investments. Similarly, in connection with an acquisition, we may acquire rights to require the issuers of securities we own or their affiliates to repurchase them under certain circumstances. We do not intend to acquire securities issued by any registered investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the 1940 Act. Under these limits, we generally cannot acquire more than 3 of the voting stock of any registered investment company, invest more than 5 of the value of our total assets in the securities of one registered investment company or invest more than 10 of the value of our total assets in the securities of more than one registered investment company. With regard to that portion of our portfolio invested in securities issued by investment companies, it should be noted that such investments might subject our stockholders to additional expenses. We may enter into hedging transactions to manage the risks associated with interest rate and currency fluctuations. None of these policies are fundamental and they may be changed without stockholder approval. 
 Qualifying Assets 
 Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the BDC s total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are the following: 
 (1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer (subject to certain limited exceptions) is an eligible portfolio company, or from any person who is, or has been during the preceding 13 months, an affiliated person of an eligible portfolio company, or from any other person, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the SEC. An eligible portfolio company is defined under the 1940 Act to include any issuer which: 

(a) is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, the United States; 

(b) is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly-owned by the BDC) or a company that would be an investment company but is excluded from the definition of an investment company by Section 3(c) of the 1940 Act; and 

(c) satisfies any of the following: 

(i) does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange; 

(ii) has any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange subject to a maximum market capitalization of 250.0 million; or 

(iii) is controlled by a BDC, either alone or as part of a group acting together, and such BDC in fact exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of such eligible portfolio company and, as a result of such control, has an affiliated person who is a director of such eligible portfolio company. 

13 

(2) Securities of any eligible portfolio company which we control. 

(3) Securities purchased in a private transaction from a U.S. operating company or from an affiliated person of the issuer, or in transactions incidental thereto, if such issuer is in bankruptcy and subject to reorganization or if the issuer, immediately prior to the purchase of its securities was unable to meet its obligations as they came due without material assistance other than conventional lending or financing arrangements. 

(4) Securities of an eligible portfolio company purchased from any person in a private transaction if there is no readily available market for such securities and we already own 60 of the outstanding equity of the eligible portfolio company. 

(5) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) through (4) above, or pursuant to the exercise of warrants or rights relating to such securities. 

(6) Cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

In addition, a BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in the types of securities described in (1), (2) or (3) above. 
 Managerial Assistance to Portfolio Companies 
 As a BDC, we are required to make available significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies that constitute a qualifying asset within the meaning of Section 2(a)(47) of the 1940 Act. However, if a BDC purchases securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such significant managerial assistance. Making available significant managerial assistance means any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. Our Administrator may provide such assistance on our behalf to portfolio companies that request such assistance. Officers of our Investment Adviser and Administrator may provide assistance to controlled affiliates. 
 Temporary Investments 
 Pending investments in other types of qualifying assets, as described above, may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which we refer to, collectively, as temporary investments, so that 70 of our assets are qualifying assets. We may invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements, provided that such agreements are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor, such as us, of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25 of our total assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the Diversification Tests, as defined below under Regulation Election to be Treated as a RIC, in order to qualify as a RIC for federal income tax purposes. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. Our Investment Adviser will monitor the creditworthiness of the counterparties with which we may enter into repurchase agreement transactions. 
 Senior Securities 
 We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act and referred to as the asset coverage ratio, is compliant with the 1940 Act, immediately after each such issuance. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we must make provisions to prohibit any distribution to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage requirement at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5 of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes without regard to our asset coverage ratio. For a discussion of the risks associated with leverage, see Risk Factors Risks Relating to our Business and Structure Regulations governing our operation as a BDC will affect our ability to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital for more information. 
 Joint Code of Ethics and Code of Conduct 
 We and PennantPark Investment Advisers have adopted a joint code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act and a code of conduct that establish procedures for personal inmaterial investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Personnel subject to each code may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the codes requirements. Our joint code of ethics and code of conduct are available, free of charge, on our website at www.pennantpark.com . In addition, the joint code of ethics is attached as an exhibit to this Report and is available on the EDGAR Database on the SEC s Internet website at www.sec.gov . 
 Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures 
 We have delegated our proxy voting responsibility to our Investment Adviser. The Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures of our Investment Adviser are set forth below. The guidelines are reviewed periodically by our Investment Adviser and our non-interested directors, and, accordingly, are subject to change. For purposes of these Proxy Voting Policies and Procedures described below, we, our and us refer to our Investment Adviser. 
 Introduction 
 As an investment adviser registered under the Advisers Act, we have a fiduciary duty to act solely in the best interests of our clients. As part of this duty, we recognize that we must vote client securities in a timely manner free of conflicts of interest and in the best interests of our clients. 
 These policies and procedures for voting proxies for our investment advisory clients are intended to comply with Section 206 of, and Rule 206(4)-6 under, the Advisers Act. 
 Proxy Policies 
 We vote proxies relating to our portfolio securities in what we perceive to be the best interests of our stockholders. We review on a case-by-case basis each proposal submitted to a stockholder vote to determine its impact on the portfolio securities held by our clients. Although we will generally vote against proposals that may have a negative impact on our clients portfolio securities, we may vote for such a proposal if there exists compelling long-term reasons to do so. 
 Our proxy voting decisions are made by the senior investment professionals who are responsible for monitoring each of our clients investments. To ensure that our vote is not the product of a conflict of interest, we require that: (1) anyone involved in the decision making process disclose to our Chief Compliance Officer any potential conflict that he or she is aware of and any contact that he or she has had with any interested party regarding a proxy vote; and (2) employees involved in the decision making process or vote administration are prohibited from revealing how we intend to vote on a proposal in order to reduce any attempted influence from interested parties. 
 14 

Proxy Voting Records 
 You may obtain information about how we voted proxies, free of charge, by calling us collect at (786) 297-9500 or by making a written request for proxy voting information to: Richard T. Allorto Jr., Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, 1691 Michigan Ave, Miami Beach, Florida 33139. 
 Privacy Protection Principles 
 We are committed to maintaining the privacy of our stockholders and to safeguarding their non-public personal information. The following information is provided to help you understand what personal information we collect, how we protect that information and why, in certain cases, we may share information with select other parties. 
 Generally, we do not receive any non-public personal information relating to our stockholders, although certain non-public personal information of our stockholders may become available to us. We do not disclose any non-public personal information about our stockholders or former stockholders to anyone, except as permitted by law or as is necessary in order to service stockholder accounts (for example, to a transfer agent or third party administrator). 
 We restrict access to non-public personal information about our stockholders to employees of our Investment Adviser and its affiliates with a legitimate business need for the information. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect the non-public personal information of our stockholders. 
 Our privacy protection policies are available, free of charge, on our website at www.pennantpark.com . In addition, the privacy policy is available on the EDGAR Database on the SEC s Internet website at www.sec.gov , filed as an exhibit to our annual report on this Form 10-K. 
 Other 
 We may also be prohibited under the 1940 Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our board of directors, including a majority of our directors who are not interested persons of us, and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. 
 We will be periodically examined by the SEC for compliance with the 1940 Act. 
 We are required by law to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person s office. 
 We and PennantPark Investment Advisers have each adopted and implemented written policies and procedures reasonably designed to prevent violation of the federal securities laws. We review these policies and procedures annually for their adequacy and the effectiveness of their implementation, and we designate a Chief Compliance Officer to be responsible for administering the policies and procedures. 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, imposes several regulatory requirements on publicly held companies and their insiders. Many of these requirements affect us. 
 For example: 
 pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer must certify the accuracy of the financial statements contained in our periodic reports; 

pursuant to Item 307 of Regulation S-K, our periodic reports must disclose our conclusions about the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures; 

pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, our management must prepare an annual report regarding its assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting; and 

pursuant to Item 308 of Regulation S-K and Rule 13a-15 of the Exchange Act, our periodic reports must disclose whether there were significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could significantly affect these controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and material weaknesses. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to review our current policies and procedures to determine whether we comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the regulations promulgated there-under. We continue to monitor our compliance with all regulations that are adopted under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and continue to take actions necessary to ensure that we are in compliance with that act. 
 Election to be Treated as a RIC 
 We have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually to maintain our election to be treated, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To maintain our RIC tax election, we must, among other requirements, meet certain annual source-of-income and quarterly asset diversification requirements (as described below). We also must annually distribute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to our stockholders of an amount generally at least equal to 90 of the sum of our ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, or investment company taxable income, and determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid, out of the assets legally available for distribution, or the Annual Distribution Requirement. 
 In order to qualify as a RIC for federal income tax purposes, we must: 
 maintain an election to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act at all times during each taxable year; 

derive in each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale of stock or other securities, net income from certain qualified publicly traded partnerships or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities, or the 90 Income Test; and 

15 

diversify our holdings, or the Diversification Tests, so that at the end of each quarter of the taxable year: 

1) at least 50 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs, and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer neither represents more than 5 of the value of our assets nor more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer; and 

2) no more than 25 of the value of our assets is invested in the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer or of two or more issuers that are controlled, as determined under applicable tax rules, by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses or in certain qualified publicly traded partnerships. 

Although not required for us to maintain our RIC tax status, in order to preclude the imposition of a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax imposed on RICs, we must distribute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to our stockholders in respect of each calendar year of an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98 of our net ordinary income (subject to certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 of the excess, if any, of our capital gains over our capital losses, or capital gain net income (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year plus (3) the sum of any net ordinary income plus capital gain net income for preceding years that was not distributed during such years and on which we did not incur any federal income tax, or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement. In addition, although we may distribute realized net capital gains (i.e., net long-term capital gains in excess of net short-term capital losses), if any, at least annually, out of the assets legally available for such distributions in the manner described above, we have retained and may continue to retain such net capital gains or investment company taxable income, subject to maintaining our ability to be taxed as a RIC, in order to provide us with additional liquidity. 
 
 While we intend to make sufficient distributions each taxable year to avoid incurring any material U.S. federal excise tax on our earnings, we may not be able to, or may choose not to, distribute amounts sufficient to avoid the imposition of the tax entirely. In that event, we generally will be liable for the excise tax only on the amount by which we do not meet the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement. Under certain circumstances, however, we may, in our sole discretion, determine that it is in our best interests to retain a portion of our income or capital gains rather than distribute such amount as dividends and accordingly cause us to bear the excise tax burden associated therewith. 
 
 We may invest in partnerships which may result in our being subject to additional state, local or foreign income, franchise or other tax liabilities. In addition, some of the income and fees that we may recognize will not satisfy the 90 Income Test. In order to mitigate the risk that such income and fees would disqualify us as a RIC as a result of a failure to satisfy the 90 Income Test, we may be required to recognize such income and fees indirectly through the Taxable Subsidiary, which is classified as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The Taxable Subsidiary generally will be subject to corporate income taxes on its earnings, which ultimately will reduce our return on such income and fees. 
 Taxation as a RIC 
 If we qualify as a RIC, and satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, then we will not be subject to federal income tax on the portion of our investment company taxable income and net capital gains, determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid, we distribute (or are deemed to distribute) as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to stockholders. Additionally, upon satisfying these requirements, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the regular corporate rates on any investment company taxable income or net capital gains, determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid, that is not distributed (or not deemed to have been distributed) as dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to our stockholders. 
 We may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive cash. For example, if we hold a debt instrument that is treated under applicable tax rules as having OID (such as debt instruments with PIK interest or, in certain cases, increasing interest rates or issued with warrants), we must include in income each taxable year a portion of the OID that accrues over the life of the debt instrument, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. Because any OID accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income in the taxable year of accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our stockholders in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement, even though we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. 
 We invest in below investment grade instruments. Investments in these types of instruments may present special tax issues for us. U.S. federal income tax rules are not entirely clear about issues such as when we may cease to accrue interest, OID or market discount, when and to what extent deductions may be taken for bad debts or worthless debt instruments, how payments received on obligations in default should be allocated between principal and income and whether exchanges of debt instruments in a bankruptcy or workout context are taxable. We will address these and other issues to the extent necessary in order to continue to maintain our qualification to be subject to tax as a RIC. 
 Gain or loss realized by us from equity securities and warrants acquired by us, as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants, generally will be treated as capital gain or loss. Such gain or loss generally will be long-term or short-term, depending on how long we held a particular warrant. 
 We are authorized to borrow funds and to sell assets in order to satisfy our Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement. However, under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted to make distributions to our stockholders while our debt instruments and other senior securities are outstanding unless certain asset coverage requirements are met. Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet our distribution requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and/or (2) other requirements relating to our status as a RIC, including the Diversification Tests. If we dispose of assets in order to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. 
 We may distribute our common stock as a dividend from our taxable income and a stockholder could receive a portion of such distributions declared and distributed by us in shares of our common stock with the remaining amount in cash. A stockholder will be considered to have recognized dividend income generally equal to the fair market value of the stock paid by us plus cash received with respect to such dividend. The total dividend declared and distributed by us would be taxable income to a stockholder even though only a small portion of the dividend was paid in cash to pay any taxes due on the total dividend. We have not yet elected to distribute stock as a dividend but reserve the right to do so. 
 Failure to Qualify as a RIC 
 If we fail to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement or fail to qualify as a RIC in any taxable year, unless certain cure provisions of the Code apply, we will be subject to tax in that taxable year on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates, regardless of whether we make any dividend distributions to our stockholders. In that case, all of our income will be subject to corporate-level federal income tax, reducing the amount available to be distributed to our stockholders. In contrast, assuming we qualify as a RIC, our corporate-level federal income tax should be substantially reduced or eliminated. See Election to be Treated as a RIC above for more information. 
 If we are unable to maintain our status as a RIC, we also would not be able to deduct distributions to stockholders, nor would distributions be required to be made. Distributions would generally be taxable as dividends to our stockholders to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, U.S. non-corporate stockholders generally would be eligible to treat such dividends as qualified dividend income, which generally would be subject to reduced rates of U.S. federal income tax, and dividends paid by us to certain U.S. corporate stockholders would be eligible for the dividends received deduction. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder s tax basis in our 
 16 

common stock, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain. Moreover, if we fail to qualify as a RIC in any taxable year, to qualify again to be treated as a RIC for federal income tax purposes in a subsequent taxable year, we would be required to distribute our earnings and profits attributable to any of our non-RIC taxable years as dividends to our stockholders. In addition, if we fail to qualify as a RIC for a period greater than two consecutive taxable years, to qualify as a RIC in a subsequent taxable year we may be subject to regular corporate tax on any net built-in gains with respect to certain of our assets (that is, the excess of the aggregate gains, including items of income, over aggregate losses that would have been realized with respect to such assets if we had sold the property at fair market value at the end of the taxable year) that we elect to recognize on requalification or when recognized over the next five taxable years. 

This could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize our portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the loans or debt securities that we hold. In addition, our portfolio companies may have, or may be permitted to incur, other debt that ranks senior to or equally with our securities. This means that payments on such senior-ranking securities may have to be made before we receive any payments on our subordinated loans or debt securities. Deterioration in a borrower s financial condition and prospects may be accompanied by deterioration in any related collateral and may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Given the inherent differences between LIBOR and SOFR, or any other alternative benchmark rate established, there are many uncertainties regarding a transition from LIBOR, including, but not limited to, the need to amend contracts which continue to reference LIBOR and how the transition from LIBOR will impact the cost of variable rate debt and certain derivative financial instruments. In addition, SOFR or other replacement rates may fail to gain market acceptance. Any failure of SOFR or alternative reference rates to gain market acceptance could adversely affect the return on, value of and market for securities linked to such rates. The elimination of LIBOR, the replacement of LIBOR with any alternative reference rate, such as SOFR (or an alternative reference rate based on SOFR) or any other changes or reforms to floating rate benchmarks could have an adverse impact on the market value of and/or transferability of any floating-rate debt securities in our portfolio or issued by us. The IRS has issued regulations regarding the tax consequences of the transition from LIBOR or another interbank offered rate IBOR to a new reference rate in debt instruments and non-debt contracts. Under the regulations, alteration or modification of the terms of a debt instrument to replace an operative rate that uses a discontinued IBOR with a qualified rate (as defined in the regulations) including true up payments equalizing the fair market value of contracts before and after such IBOR transition, to add a qualified rate as a fallback rate to a contract whose operative rate uses a discontinued IBOR or to replace a fallback rate that uses a discontinued IBOR with a qualified rate would not be taxable. The IRS may provide additional guidance, with potential retroactive effect. 

Furthermore, the issuance of preferred securities could have the adverse effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stockholders or otherwise be in your best interest. Our senior securities may include conversion features that cause them to bear risks more closely associated with an investment in our common stock. 

 Additional Common Stock. Our board of directors may decide to issue common stock to finance our operations rather than issuing debt or other senior securities. As a BDC, we are generally not able to issue our common stock at a price below NAV per share without first obtaining certain approvals from our stockholders and our board of directors. Also, subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act, we may issue rights to acquire our common stock at a price below the current NAV per share of the common stock if our board of directors determines that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of our common stockholders. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price that, in the determination of our board of directors, closely approximates the market value of such securities. However, when required to be undertaken, the procedures used by the board of directors to determine the NAV per share of our common stock within 48 hours of each offering of our common stock may differ materially from and will necessarily be more abbreviated than the procedures used by the board of directors to determine the NAV per share of our common stock at the end of each quarter because there is an extensive process each quarter to determine the NAV per share of our common stock which cannot be completed in 48 hours. The quarterly process includes preliminary valuation conclusions, engagement of independent valuation firms and review by those firms of preliminary valuation conclusions. By contrast, the procedures in connection with an offering may yield a NAV that is less precise than the NAV determined at the end of each quarter. We will not offer transferable subscription rights to our stockholders at a price equivalent to less than the then current NAV per share of common stock, excluding underwriting commissions, unless we first file a post-effective amendment that is declared effective by the SEC with respect to such issuance and the common stock to be purchased in connection with such rights represents no more than one-third of our outstanding common stock at the time such rights are issued. In addition, for us to file a post-effective amendment to a registration statement on Form N-2, we must then be qualified to register our securities under the requirements of Form S-3. We may actually issue shares above or below a future NAV. If we raise additional funds by issuing more common stock or warrants or senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, our common stock, the percentage ownership of our common stockholders at that time would decrease, and our common stockholders would experience voting dilution. 

 Securitization. As a result of the completion of the Debt Securitization, we are exposed to typical risks associated with the securitization of loans to generate cash for funding new investments. As applicable accounting pronouncements and SEC staff guidance requires us to consolidate the Securitization Issuers financial statements with our financial statements, any debt issued by the Securitization Issuers would be generally treated as if it were issued by us for purposes of the asset coverage ratio applicable to us. We retain all of the equity in the Securitization Issuers and our retained equity would be exposed to any losses on the portfolio of loans before any of the debt securities would be exposed to such losses. Accordingly, if the pool of loans experienced a low level of losses due to defaults, we would earn an incremental amount of income on our retained equity but we would be exposed, up to the amount of equity we retained, to that proportion of any losses we would have experienced if we had continued to hold the loans in our portfolio. 

() 

() 

(1) The assumed portfolio return is required by regulation of the SEC and is not a prediction of, and does not represent, our projected or actual performance. 

 (2) 

We have entered into the License Agreement with PennantPark Investment Advisers, pursuant to which the Investment Adviser has agreed to grant us a royalty-free non-exclusive license to use the name PennantPark. The License Agreement will expire (i) upon expiration or termination of the Investment Management Agreement, (ii) if the Investment Adviser ceases to serve as our investment adviser, (iii) by either party upon 60 days written notice or (iv) by the Investment Adviser at any time in the event we assign or attempt to assign or sublicense the License Agreement or any of our rights or duties thereunder without the prior written consent of the Investment Adviser. Other than with respect to this limited license, we have no legal right to the PennantPark name. In addition, we pay PennantPark Investment Administration, an affiliate of the Investment Adviser, our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by PennantPark Investment Administration in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and our allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs. These arrangements may create conflicts of interest that our board of directors must monitor. 

These factors include the following: the time remaining to the maturity of these debt securities; 

 the outstanding principal amount of debt securities with terms identical or similar to these debt securities; 

 the supply of debt securities trading in the secondary market, if any; 

 the redemption, repayment or convertible features, if any, of these debt securities; 

 the level, direction and volatility of market interest rates; and 

 market rates of interest higher or lower than rates borne by the debt securities. 

 There also may be a limited number of buyers for our debt securities. This too may have a material adverse effect on the market value of the debt securities or the trading market for the debt securities. Our debt securities may include convertible features that cause them to more closely bear risks associated with an investment in our common stock. 

Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations or those of our portfolio companies may adversely affect our business. 

RISKS RELATING TO THE ILLIQUID NATURE OF OUR PORTFOLIO ASSETS 

RISKS RELATING TO OUR INVESTMENTS In addition, investing in middle-market companies involves a number of significant risks, including: companies may be highly leveraged, have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their debt securities that we hold, which may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood of us realizing any guarantees we may have obtained in connection with our investment; 

 they typically have shorter operating histories, more limited publicly available information, narrower product lines, more concentration of revenues from customers and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions and changing market conditions, as well as general economic downturns; 

 they are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons; therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on our portfolio company and, in turn, on us; 

 they generally have less predictable operating results, may from time to time be parties to litigation, may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence, and may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion or maintain their competitive position. In addition, our executive officers, directors and our Investment Adviser may be named as defendants in litigation arising from our investments in the portfolio companies; and 

 they may have difficulty accessing the capital markets to meet future capital needs, which may limit their ability to grow or to refinance their outstanding indebtedness upon maturity. 

continued viability of a portfolio company and our initial investment, or may result in a missed opportunity for us to increase our participation in a successful transaction or business. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a desired follow-on investment, we may elect not to make a follow-on investment because we may not want to increase our concentration of risk, either because we prefer other opportunities or because we are inhibited by compliance with BDC requirements or the desire to maintain our RIC tax status. 

RISKS RELATING TO AN INVESTMENT IN OUR COMMON STOCK 
 requirements applicable to us as a BDC, we may be limited in our ability to make distributions. Further, we may be forced to liquidate some of our investments and raise cash in order to make distribution payments, which could materially harm our business. Finally, to the extent we make distributions to stockholders which include a return of capital, that portion of the distribution essentially constitutes a return of the stockholders investment. Although such return of capital may not be taxable, such distributions may increase an investor s tax liability for capital gains upon the future sale of our common stock. 

dividend is paid in cash (which portion may be as low as 20 of such dividend) and certain requirements are met, the entire distribution will be treated as a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, a stockholder will be considered to have recognized dividend income generally equal to the fair market value of the stock paid by us plus cash received with respect to such dividend. The total dividend declared would be taxable income to a stockholder even though he or she may only receive a relatively small portion of the dividend in cash to pay any taxes due on the dividend. We have not elected to distribute stock as a dividend but reserve the right to do so. 
 
 RISKS RELATING TO AN INVESTMENT IN OUR DEBT SECURITIES are not secured by any of our assets or any of the assets of our subsidiaries. As a result, the 2023 Notes are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness we or our subsidiaries have currently incurred and may incur in the future (or any indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which we subsequently grant security) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. In any liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy or other similar proceeding, the holders of any of our existing or future secured indebtedness and the secured indebtedness of our subsidiaries may assert rights against the assets pledged to secure that indebtedness in order to receive full payment of their indebtedness before the assets may be used to pay other creditors, including the holders of the 2023 Notes. As of September 30, 2023 , we had million outstanding under the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of the assets of Funding I, and the indebtedness under the Credit Facility is therefore effectively senior in right of payment to the 2023 Notes to the extent of the value of such assets. 
 The 2023 Notes are obligations exclusively of PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. and not of any of our subsidiaries. None of our subsidiaries is or acts as a guarantor of the 2023 Notes and the 2023 Notes are not required to be guaranteed by any subsidiaries we may acquire or create in the future. Except to the extent we are a creditor with recognized claims against our subsidiaries, all claims of creditors (including holders of preferred stock, if any, of our subsidiaries) will have priority over our equity interests in such subsidiaries (and therefore the claims of our creditors, including holders of the 2023 Notes) with respect to the assets of such subsidiaries. Even if we are recognized as a creditor of one or more of our subsidiaries, our claims would still be effectively subordinated to any security interests in the assets of any such subsidiary and to any indebtedness or other liabilities of any such subsidiary senior to our claims. Consequently, the 2023 Notes are structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of our subsidiaries and any subsidiaries that we may in the future acquire or establish as financing vehicles or otherwise. The 2023 Notes are linked to the U.S. Dollar and therefore holders of the 2023 Notes are subject to currency risk. Payments of principal and interest under the 2023 Notes will be adjusted for increases or decreases in the representative exchange rate of the U.S. Dollar to the New Israeli Shekel, or NIS, from the time of the public offering of the 2023 Notes. Accordingly, if such exchange rate declines, the rate of interest holders of the 2023 Notes receive in NIS terms effectively will be lower than the stated interest rate of the 2023 Notes and they will be entitled to receive fewer NIS upon repayment of the 2023 Notes than the par value thereof. If an active trading market does not develop for the 2023 Notes holders of the 2023 Notes may not be able to sell them. The 2023 Notes may trade at a discount to their initial offering price depending on prevailing interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, the market for similar securities, our credit ratings, our financial condition or other relevant factors. We cannot assure holders of the 2023 Notes that a liquid trading market will develop for the 2023 Notes, that they will be able to sell their 2023 Notes at a particular time or that the price they receive when they sell will be favorable. To the extent an active trading market does not develop, the liquidity and trading price for the 2023 Notes may be harmed. Accordingly, investors may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment in the 2023 Notes for an indefinite period of time. The market price of the 2023 Notes may fluctuate. If an active trading market for the 2023 Notes does develop on the TASE, the 2023 Notes may trade at prices lower than the offering price. The trading price of the 2023 Notes depends on many factors, including: prevailing interest rates; 

 the prevailing exchange rate of the U.S. Dollar to the NIS; 

 the market for similar securities; 

 general political, economic and financial market conditions in Israel and globally; 

 our issuance of debt or preferred equity securities; and 

 our financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

 In addition, a downgrade, suspension or withdrawal of the credit rating assigned by a rating agency to us or the 2023 Notes, if any, or change in the debt markets could cause the liquidity or market value of the 2023 Notes to decline significantly. Our credit ratings are an assessment by rating agencies of our ability to pay our debts when due. Consequently, real or anticipated changes in our credit ratings will generally affect the market value of the 2023 Notes. These credit ratings may not reflect the potential impact of risks relating to the structure or marketing of the 2023 Notes. Credit ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any security, and may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the issuing organization in its sole discretion. Neither we nor any underwriter undertakes any obligation to maintain our credit ratings or to advise holders of 2023 Notes of any changes in our credit ratings. There can be no assurance that our credit ratings will remain for any given period of time or that they will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely if in the judgment of the rating agency future circumstances relating to the basis of our credit ratings, such as adverse changes in our company, so warrant. In addition, the interest rate payable under the 2023 Notes will increase in the event of certain ratings declines or if a rating agency ceases to rate the 2023 Notes for more than 21 days until such declines are reversed and/or the 2023 Notes are again rated by a rating agency. The deed of trust under which the 2023 Notes were issued contains limited protection for holders of the 2023 Notes. The deed of trust under which the 2023 Notes were issued offers limited protection to holders of the 2023 Notes. The terms of the deed of trust and the 2023 Notes do not restrict our or any of our subsidiaries ability to engage in, or otherwise be a party to, a variety of corporate transactions, circumstances or events that could have an adverse impact on each holder s investment in the 2023 Notes. In particular, subject to the satisfaction of certain financial covenants, the terms of the deed of trust and the 2023 Notes will not place any restrictions on our or our subsidiaries ability to: issue securities or otherwise incur additional indebtedness or other obligations, including (1) any indebtedness or other obligations that would be equal in right of payment to the 2023 Notes, (2) any indebtedness or other obligations that would be secured and therefore rank effectively senior in right of payment to the 2023 Notes to the extent of the values of the assets securing such debt, (3) indebtedness of ours that is guaranteed by one or more of our subsidiaries and which therefore would rank structurally senior to the 2023 Notes and (4) securities, indebtedness or other obligations issued or incurred by our subsidiaries that would be senior in right of payment to our equity interests in our subsidiaries and therefore would rank structurally senior in right of payment to the 2023 Notes with respect to the assets of our subsidiaries, in each case other than an incurrence of indebtedness or other obligation that would cause a violation of Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(1)-(2) of the 1940 Act or any successor provisions; 

 pay dividends on, or purchase or redeem or make any payments in respect of, capital stock or other securities ranking junior in right of payment to the 2023 Notes; 

 sell assets; 

 enter into transactions with affiliates; 

 enter into sale and leaseback transactions; 

 make investments; or 

 create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts to us from our subsidiaries. 

 Our ability to recapitalize, incur additional debt and take a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms of the 2023 Notes may have important consequences for holders of the 2023 Notes, including making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the 2023 Notes or negatively affecting the trading value of the 2023 Notes. Other debt we issue or incur in the future could contain more protections for its holders than the deed of trust and the 2023 Notes, including additional covenants and events of default. The issuance or incurrence of any such debt with incremental protections could affect the market for and trading levels and prices of the 2023 Notes. The optional redemption provision may materially adversely affect the return on the 2023 Notes. The 2023 Notes are redeemable in whole or in part upon certain conditions at any time or from time to time at our option. We may choose to redeem the 2023 Notes at times when prevailing interest rates are lower than the interest rate paid on the 2023 Notes. In this circumstance, holders of the 2023 Notes may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as the 2023 Notes being redeemed. If we default on our obligations to pay our other indebtedness, we may not be able to make payments on the 2023 Notes. Any default under the agreements governing our indebtedness, including a default under the Credit Facility, or under other indebtedness to which we may be a party that is not waived by the required lenders or holders, and the remedies sought by the holders of such indebtedness could make us unable to pay principal, premium, if any, and interest on the 2023 Notes and substantially decrease the market value of the 2023 Notes. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow and are otherwise unable to obtain funds necessary to meet required payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness, or if we otherwise fail to comply with the various covenants, including financial and operating covenants, in the instruments governing our indebtedness, we could be in default under the terms of the agreements governing such indebtedness. In the event of such default, the holders of such indebtedness could elect to declare all the funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest, the lenders under the Credit Facility or other debt we may incur in the future could elect to terminate their commitments, cease making further loans and institute foreclosure proceedings against our assets, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. If our operating performance declines, we may in the future need to seek to obtain waivers from the required lenders under the agreements relating to the Credit Facility, or other debt that we may incur in the future to avoid being in default. If we breach our covenants under the Credit Facility or other debt and seek a waiver, we may not be able to obtain a waiver from the required lenders or holders. If this occurs, we would be in default and our lenders or debt holders could exercise their rights as described above, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. If we are unable to repay debt, lenders having secured obligations, including the lenders under the Credit Facility, could proceed against the collateral securing the debt. Because the Credit Facility has, and any future debt will likely have, customary cross-default provisions, if the indebtedness thereunder or under any future credit facility is accelerated, we may be unable to repay or finance the amounts due. FATCA withholding may apply to payments to certain foreign entities. Payments made under the 2023 Notes to a foreign financial institution or non-financial foreign entity (including such an institution or entity acting as an intermediary) may be subject to a U.S. withholding tax of 30 under the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (commonly known as FATCA provisions of the Code. This U.S. withholding tax may apply to certain payments of interest on the 2023 Notes, unless the foreign financial institution or non-financial foreign entity complies with certain information reporting, withholding, identification, certification and related requirements imposed by FATCA. Depending upon the status of a holder and the status of an intermediary through which any notes are held, the holder could be subject to this 30 U.S. withholding tax in respect of any interest paid on the notes as well as any proceeds from the sale or other disposition of the notes. Proposed Treasury Regulations, if finalized in their present form, would eliminate the application of this 30 U.S. withholding tax in respect of payments of certain gross proceeds. Pursuant to these proposed Treasury Regulations, we and any other applicable withholding agent may (but are not required to) rely on this proposed change to FACTA withholding until final regulations are issued or until such proposed Treasury Regulations are rescinded. Holders of the 2023 Notes should consult their own tax advisors regarding FATCA and how it may affect their investment in the 2023 Notes. It may be difficult to obtain and enforce civil judgments against us and our directors, officers and experts. We are a Maryland corporation and our principal executive offices are located in Miami, Florida. All of our assets are located outside of Israel. As a result, even though the deed of trust for the 2023 Notes is governed by Israeli law and any disputes thereunder are stipulated to be adjudicated in Israeli courts, holders of the 2023 Notes may have difficulty enforcing in Israel judgments they may obtain in an Israeli court against us. U.S. courts may refuse to hear a securities law claim of a non-U.S. investor who purchased our securities on the TASE. In addition, since our directors, officers and experts are located outside of Israel, it may be difficult serving legal process upon any of these persons. It also may be difficult enforcing judgments holders of the 2023 Notes may obtain in Israeli courts against us or those persons in any action, including actions based upon the civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws. It may also be difficult to assert U.S. securities laws claims in original actions instituted in Israel. Israeli courts may refuse to hear a claim based on an alleged violation of U.S. securities laws reasoning that Israel is not the most appropriate forum to bring such a claim. In particular, the Israeli Securities Law expressly authorizes Israeli courts to stay a securities lawsuit against a dual-listed company while a lawsuit on similar grounds is being adjudicated in a non-Israeli court. Subject to specified time limitations and legal procedures, under the rules of private international law currently prevailing in Israel, Israeli courts may enforce a U.S. judgment in a civil matter, including a judgment based upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. securities laws, as well as a monetary or compensatory judgment in a non-civil matter, provided that the following key conditions are met: subject to limited exceptions, the judgment is final and non-appealable; 

 the judgment was given by a court competent under the laws of the state of the court and is otherwise enforceable in such state; 

 the judgment was rendered by a court competent under the rules of private international law applicable in Israel; 

 the laws of the state in which the judgment was given provide for the enforcement of judgments of Israeli courts; 

 adequate service of process has been effected and the defendant has had a reasonable opportunity to present his arguments and evidence; 

 the judgment and its enforcement are not contrary to the law, public policy, security or sovereignty of the State of Israel; 

 the judgment was not obtained by fraud and does not conflict with any other valid judgment in the same matter between the same parties; and 

 an action between the same parties in the same matter was not pending in any Israeli court at the time the lawsuit was instituted in the U.S. court. 

are not secured by any of our assets or any of the assets of our subsidiaries. As a result, the 2026 Notes are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness we or our subsidiaries have currently incurred and may incur in the future (or any indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which we subsequently grant security) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. In any liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy or other similar proceeding, the holders of any of our existing or future secured indebtedness and the secured indebtedness of our subsidiaries may assert rights against the assets pledged to secure that indebtedness in order to receive full payment of their indebtedness before the assets may be used to pay other creditors, including the holders of the 2026 Notes. As of September 30, 2023 , we had million outstanding under the Credit Facility. The Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of the assets of Funding I, and the indebtedness under the Credit Facility is therefore effectively senior in right of payment to the 2026 Notes to the extent of the value of such assets. 
 The 2026 Notes are obligations exclusively of PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. and not of any of our subsidiaries. None of our subsidiaries is or acts as a guarantor of the 2026 Notes, and the 2026 Notes are not required to be guaranteed by any subsidiaries we may acquire or create in the future. Our secured indebtedness with respect to the Credit Facility is held through Funding I, and our secured indebtedness with respect to the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt is held through the Securitization Issuer. The assets of any such subsidiaries are not directly available to satisfy the claims of our creditors, including holders of the 2026 Notes. Except to the extent we are a creditor with recognized claims against our subsidiaries, all claims of creditors (including holders of preferred stock, if any, of our subsidiaries) will have priority over our equity interests in such subsidiaries (and therefore the claims of our creditors, including holders of the 2026 Notes) with respect to the assets of such subsidiaries. Even if we are recognized as a creditor of one or more of our subsidiaries, our claims would still be effectively subordinated to any security interests in the assets of any such subsidiary and to any indebtedness or other liabilities of any such subsidiary senior to our claims. Consequently, the 2026 Notes will be structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of our subsidiaries and any subsidiaries that we may in the future acquire or establish as financing vehicles or otherwise. The indenture under which the 2026 Notes were issued contains limited protection for their respective holders. The indenture under which the 2026 Notes were issued offers limited protection for their respective holders. The terms of the indenture and the 2026 Notes do not restrict our or any of our subsidiaries ability to engage in, or otherwise be a party to, a variety of corporate transactions, circumstances or events that could have an adverse impact on each holder s investment in the 2026 Notes. In particular, the terms of the indenture and the 2026 Notes do not place any restrictions on our or our subsidiaries ability to: issue securities or otherwise incur additional indebtedness or other obligations, including (1) any indebtedness or other obligations that would be equal in right of payment to the 2026 Notes, (2) any indebtedness or other obligations that would be secured and therefore rank effectively senior in right of payment to the 2026 Notes to the extent of the values of the assets securing such debt, (3) indebtedness or other obligations of ours that are guaranteed by one or more of our subsidiaries and which therefore would rank structurally senior to the 2026 Notes and (4) securities, indebtedness or other obligations issued or incurred by our subsidiaries that would be senior in right of payment to our equity interests in our subsidiaries and therefore would rank structurally senior in right of payment to the 2026 Notes with respect to the assets of our subsidiaries, in each case other than an incurrence of indebtedness or other obligation that would cause a violation of Section 18(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act as modified by Section 61(a)(1) and (2) of the 1940 Act or any successor provisions, as such obligations may be amended or superseded, giving effect to any exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC; 

 pay dividends on, or purchase or redeem or make any payments in respect of, capital stock or other securities ranking junior in right of payment to the 2026 Notes; 

 sell assets (other than certain limited restrictions on our ability to consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets); 

 enter into transactions with affiliates; 

 create liens (including liens on the shares of our subsidiaries) or enter into sale and leaseback transactions; 

 make investments; or 

 create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts to us from our subsidiaries. 

 In addition, the indenture will not require us to offer to purchase the 2026 Notes in connection with a change of control or any other event. Furthermore, the terms of the indenture and the 2026 Notes do not protect their respective holders in the event that we experience changes (including significant adverse changes) in our financial condition, results of operations or credit ratings, as they do not require that we or our subsidiaries adhere to any financial tests or ratios or specified levels of net worth, revenues, income, cash flow or liquidity, except as required under the 1940 Act. Our ability to recapitalize, incur additional debt and take a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms of the 2026 Notes may have important consequences for their holders, including making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the 2026 Notes or negatively affecting their trading value. Certain of our current debt instruments include more protections for their respective holders than the indenture and the 2026 Notes. In addition, other debt we issue or incur in the future could contain more protections for its holders than the indenture governing the 2026 Notes and the 2026 Notes, including additional covenants and events of default. The issuance or incurrence of any such debt with incremental protections could affect the market for and trading levels and prices of the 2026 Notes. The optional redemption provision may materially adversely affect your return on the 2026 Notes. The 2026 Notes will be redeemable in whole or in part upon certain conditions at any time, or from time to time, at our option, on or after January 1, 2026. We may choose to redeem the 2026 Notes at times when prevailing interest rates are lower than the interest rate paid on the 2026 Notes. In this circumstance, investors may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as the 2026 Notes being redeemed. We may not be able to repurchase the 2026 Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event. Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control Repurchase Event, as defined in the indenture governing the 2026 Notes, subject to certain conditions, we will be required to offer to repurchase all outstanding 2026 Notes at 100 of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The source of funds for that purchase of 2026 Notes will be our available cash or cash generated from our operations or other potential sources, including borrowings, investment repayments, sales of assets or sales of equity. We cannot assure you that sufficient funds from such sources will be available at the time of any Change of Control Repurchase Event to make required repurchases of the 2026 Notes tendered. Before making any such repurchase of the 2026 Notes, we may have to comply with certain requirements under our then existing financing arrangements, such as the Credit Facility and the 2023 Notes. Our future debt instruments may also contain similar restrictions and provisions. If the holders of the 2026 Notes exercise their right to require us to repurchase the 2026 Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event, the financial effect of this repurchase could cause a default under our existing or future debt instruments, even if the Change of Control Repurchase Event itself would not cause a default. It is possible that we will not have sufficient funds at the time of the Change of Control Repurchase Event to make the required repurchase of the 2026 Notes or our other debt. While a trading market has developed after issuing the 2026 Notes, we cannot assure you that an active trading market for the 2026 Notes will be maintained. While a trading market developed after issuing the 2026 Notes, we cannot assure you that an active and liquid market for the 2026 Notes will be maintained. We do not intend to list the 2026 Notes on any securities exchange or for quotation of the 2026 Notes on any automated dealer quotation system. If the 2026 Notes are traded after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their public offering price depending on prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, our credit ratings, general economic conditions, our financial condition, performance and prospects and other factors. The underwriters of the 2026 Notes may discontinue any market-making in the 2026 Notes at any time at their sole discretion. In addition, any market-making activity will be subject to limits imposed by law. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that a liquid trading market will be maintained for the 2026 Notes, that you will be able to sell the 2026 Notes at a particular time or that the price you receive when you sell will be favorable. To the extent an active trading market is not maintained, the liquidity and trading price for the 2026 Notes may be harmed. Accordingly, you may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment in the 2026 Notes for an indefinite period of time . If we default on our obligations to pay our other indebtedness, we may not be able to make payments on the 2026 Notes. Any default under the agreements governing our indebtedness, including a default under the Credit Facility, the 2023 Notes, the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt or under other indebtedness to which we may be a party that is not waived by the required lenders or holders, and the remedies sought by the holders of such indebtedness could make us unable to pay principal, premium, if any, and interest on the 2026 Notes and substantially decrease the market value of the 2026 Notes. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow and are otherwise unable to obtain funds necessary to meet required payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness, or if we otherwise fail to comply with the various covenants, including financial and operating covenants, in the instruments governing our indebtedness, we could be in default under the terms of the agreements governing such indebtedness. In the event of such default, the holders of such indebtedness could elect to declare all the funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest, the lenders or holders under the Credit Facility, the 2023 Notes, the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt or other debt we may incur in the future could elect to terminate their commitments, cease making further loans and institute foreclosure proceedings against our assets, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. If our operating performance declines, we may in the future need to seek to obtain waivers from the required lenders or holders under the agreements relating to the Credit Facility, the 2023 Notes, the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt or other debt that we may incur in the future to avoid being in default. If we breach our covenants under the Credit Facility, the 2023 Notes, the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt or other debt and seek a waiver, we may not be able to obtain a waiver from the required lenders or holders. If this occurs, we would be in default and our lenders or holders could exercise their rights as described above, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. If we are unable to repay debt, lenders or holders having secured obligations, including the lenders or holders under the Credit Facility and the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt, could proceed against the collateral securing such debt. Because the Credit Facility, the 2023 Notes and the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt have, and any future debt will likely have, customary cross-default provisions, if the indebtedness thereunder or under any future credit facility is accelerated, we may be unable to repay or finance the amounts due. A downgrade, suspension or withdrawal of a credit rating assigned by a rating agency to us or our unsecured debt, if any, or change in the debt markets could cause the liquidity or market value of the 2026 Notes to decline significantly. Our credit ratings are an assessment by a rating agency of our ability to pay our debts when due. Consequently, real or anticipated changes in our credit ratings will generally affect the market value of the 2026 Notes. These credit ratings may not reflect the potential impact of risks relating to the structure or marketing of the 2026 Notes. Credit ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any security, and may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the issuing organization in its sole discretion. Neither we nor any underwriter undertakes any obligation to maintain our credit ratings or to advise holders of Notes of any changes in our credit ratings. There can be no assurance that our credit ratings will remain for any given period of time or that such credit ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if in its judgment future circumstances relating to the basis of the credit ratings, such as adverse changes in our company, so warrant. An increase in the competitive environment, inability to cover distributions, or increase in leverage could lead to a downgrade in our credit ratings and limit our access to the debt and equity markets capability impairing our ability to grow the business. The conditions of the financial markets and prevailing interest rates have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future, which could have an adverse effect on the market prices of the 2026 Notes. 
 Securitization Debtholders may not be aligned with the interests of holders of the equity interests in the Securitization Issuers. For example, under the terms of the documents governing the Debt Securitization, the Securitization Debtholders have the right to receive payments of principal and interest prior to holders of the equity interests. For as long as the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt remains outstanding, the respective Securitization Debtholders have the right to act in certain circumstances with respect to the Securitization Loans in ways that may benefit their interests but not the interests of the respective holders of the equity interests in the Securitization Issuers, including by exercising remedies under the documents governing the Debt Securitization. If an event of default occurs, the Securitization Debtholders will be entitled to determine the remedies to be exercised, subject to the terms of the documents governing the Debt Securitization. For example, upon the occurrence of an event of default with respect to the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt, the Securitization Trustee may and will at the direction of the holders of a majority of the applicable 2031 Asset-Backed Debt declare the principal, together with any accrued interest, of the debt to be immediately due and payable. This would have the effect of accelerating the principal on such debt, triggering a repayment obligation on the part of the Securitization Issuers. The 2031 Asset-Backed Debt then outstanding will be paid in full before any further payment or distribution on the equity interest is made. There can be no assurance that there will be sufficient funds through collections on the Securitization Loans or through the proceeds of the sale of the Securitization Loans in the event of a bankruptcy or insolvency to repay in full the obligations under the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt, or to make any distribution to holders of the equity interests in the Securitization Issuers. Remedies pursued by the Securitization Debtholders could be adverse to our interests as the indirect holder of the equity interests in the Securitization Issuers. The Securitization Debtholders have no obligation to consider any possible adverse effect on such other interests. Thus, there can be no assurance that any remedies pursued by the Securitization Debtholders will be consistent with the best interests of the Depositor or that we will receive, indirectly through the Depositor, any payments or distributions upon an acceleration of the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt. Any failure of the Securitization Issuers to make distributions in respect of the equity interests that we indirectly hold, whether as a result of an event of default and the acceleration of payments on the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and may result in our inability to make distributions sufficient to maintain our ability to be subject to tax as a RIC. We have certain repurchase obligations with respect to the Securitization Loans transferred in connection with the Debt Securitization. As part of each Debt Securitization, we entered into a master loan agreement under which we would be required to repurchase any Securitization Loan (or participation interest therein) which was sold to the Securitization Issuer in breach of certain customary representations and warranties made by us or by the Depositor with respect to such Securitization Loan or the legal structure of the applicable Debt Securitization. To the extent that there is a breach of such representations and warranties and we fail to satisfy any such repurchase obligation, the Securitization Trustee may, on behalf of the Securitization Issuer, bring an action against us to enforce these repurchase obligations. 
 GENERAL RISK FACTORS 
 value of those investments. Any decreases in the fair value of our investments could result in future realized or unrealized losses and therefore reduce our net assets resulting from operations. 

Item 1B.	Unresolve d Staff Comments 
 None. 
 Item 1C. Cybersecurity 
 Not applicable 
 Item 2. 	P roperties 
 As of September 30, 2023, we did not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. We believe that the office facilities of the Investment Adviser and Administrator are suitable and adequate for our business as it is contemplated to be conducted. 
 Item 3.	 Legal Proceedings 
 None of us, our Investment Adviser or our Administrator, is currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us, or against our Investment Adviser or Administrator. From time to time, we, our Investment Adviser or Administrator may be a party to certain legal proceedings, including proceedings relating to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 
 Item 4.	 Mine Saf ety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 38 

PART II 
 Item 5.	 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Sto ckholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

() 

0.308 

Third quarter 

() 

0.303 

Second quarter 

() 

0.290 

First quarter 

() 

0.285 

Year Ended September 30, 2022 

Fourth quarter 

() 

0.285 

Third quarter 

() 

0.285 

Second quarter 

() 

0.285 

First quarter 

() 

0.285 

(1) 

 (2) 

 Shares of BDCs may trade at a market price both above and below the NAV that is attributable to those shares. Our shares have traded above and below our NAV. Our shares closed on the New York Stock Exchange at and on September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Our NAV per share was and as of the same dates. The possibility that our shares of common stock will trade at a discount from NAV or at a premium that is unsustainable over the long term is separate and distinct from the risk that our NAV will decrease. It is not possible to predict whether our shares will trade at, above or below our NAV in the future. As of September 30, 2023 , we had 34 stockholders of record. 

 Sale of Unregistered Securities 
 We did not engage in any sales of unregistered securities during the year ended September 30, 2023. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 We did not repurchase any of our common stock under our share repurchase plan during the year ended September 30, 2023. 
 DISTRIBUTIONS 
 We intend to continue making monthly distributions to our stockholders. The timing and amount of our monthly distributions, if any, is determined by our board of directors. Any distributions to our stockholders are declared out of assets legally available for distribution. We monitor available net investment income to determine if a tax return of capital may occur for the fiscal year. To the extent our taxable earnings fall below the total amount of our distributions for any given fiscal year, a portion of those distributions may be deemed to be a tax return of capital to our common stockholders. 
 
 In January 2024, a Form 1099-DIV will be sent to stockholders subject to information reporting that will state the amount and composition of distributions and provide information with respect to appropriate tax treatment of our distributions. 
 The tax characteristics of distributions declared, in accordance with Section 19(a) of the 1940 Act, for our fiscal and taxable years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 from ordinary income (including short-term gains), if any, totaled 60.5 million , or 1.19 per share , and 46.7 million, or 1.14 per share, respectively, based on the weighted average shares outstanding for the respective periods. Additionally, for both years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, we did not pay any distributions from long-term capital gains. 
 We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of these distributions from time to time. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make distributions due to the asset coverage ratio for borrowings when applicable to us as a BDC under the 1940 Act and due to provisions in future credit facilities. If we do not distribute a certain minimum percentage of our income annually, we will suffer adverse tax consequences, including possible loss of our ability to be subject to tax as a RIC. We cannot assure stockholders that they will receive any distributions or distributions at a particular level. 
 39 

Stock Performance Graph 
 This graph compares the return on our common stock with that of the Standard Poor s 500 Stock Index (the S P Index and the Russell 2000 Financial Services Index, for the last five fiscal years. The graph assumes that, on September 30, 2018, a person invested 100 in each of our common stock, the S P 500 Index, and the Russell 2000 Financial Services Index. The graph measures total stockholder return, which takes into account both changes in stock price and distributions. It assumes that distributions paid are invested in like securities. 

The graph and other information furnished under this Part II Item 5 of this Report shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. The stock price performance included in the above graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 FEES AND EXPENSES 

Stockholder transaction expenses 

Sales load (as a percentage of offering price) 

(1) 

Offering expenses (as a percentage of offering price) 

(2) 

Total stockholder expenses (as a percentage of offering price) 

Estimated annual expenses (as a percentage of average net assets attributable to common shares) (3) 

Management fees 

(4) 

Incentive fees 

(5) 

Interest on borrowed funds 

(6) 

Acquired fund fees and expenses 

(7) 

Other expenses 

(8) 

Total estimated annual expenses 

(9) 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) 

40 

(6) 

Example 
 The following example illustrates the projected dollar amount of total cumulative expenses that you would pay on a 1,000 hypothetical investment in common shares, assuming (1) a 3.0 sales load (underwriting discounts and commissions) and offering expenses totaling 0.50 , (2) total net estimated annual expenses of 22.19 of average net assets attributable to common shares as set forth in the table above (other than performance-based incentive fees) and (3) a 5 annual return. 

You would pay the following expenses on a 1,000 common stock investment 
 
 1 Years 

3 Years 

5 Years 

10 Years 

Assuming a 5 annual return (assumes no return from net realized capital gains or net 

unrealized capital appreciation) 

Assuming a 5 annual return (assumes return only from realized capital gains and thus 

subject to the capital gains incentive fee) 

This example and the expenses in the table above should not be considered a representation of our future expenses. Actual expenses may be greater or less than those assumed. The table above is provided to assist you in understanding the various costs and expenses that an investor in our common stock will bear directly or indirectly. While the example assumes, as required by the SEC, a 5 annual return, our performance will vary and may result in a return greater or less than 5 . If we were to earn an annual return equal to or less than 5 from net investment income, the incentive fee under our Investment Management Agreement would not be earned or payable. If our returns on our investments, including the realized capital gains, result in an incentive fee, then our expenses would be higher. The example assumes that all distributions are reinvested at NAV. See Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Distributions for more information. 
 
 Item 6.	 Selected Financial Data 
 
 Not applicable. 
 41 

Item 7.	 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Report, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements, which relate to us and our consolidated subsidiaries regarding future events or our future performance or future financial condition. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our Company, our industry, our beliefs and our assumptions. The forward-looking statements contained in this Report involve risks and uncertainties, including statements as to: 
 
 our future operating results; 

our business prospects and the prospects of our prospective portfolio companies; 

changes in political, economic or industry conditions, the interest rate environment or conditions affecting the financial and capital markets that could result in changes to the value of our assets; 

the dependence of our future success on the general economy and its impact on the industries in which we invest; 

the impact of a protracted decline in the liquidity of credit markets on our business; 

the impact of investments that we expect to make; 

the impact of fluctuations in interest rates and foreign exchange rates on our business and our portfolio companies; 

our contractual arrangements and relationships with third parties; 

the valuation of our investments in portfolio companies, particularly those having no liquid trading market; 

the ability of our prospective portfolio companies to achieve their objectives; 

our expected financings and investments and ability to fund capital commitments to PSSL; 

the adequacy of our cash resources and working capital; 

the timing of cash flows, if any, from the operations of our prospective portfolio companies; 

the impact of price and volume fluctuations in the stock market; 

increasing levels of inflation, and its impact on us and our portfolio companies; 

the ability of our Investment Adviser to locate suitable investments for us and to monitor and administer our investments; 

the impact of future legislation and regulation on our business and our portfolio companies; 

the impact of the ongoing invasion of Ukraine by Russia other world economic and political issues; and 

the inability to develop and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. 

We use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, intends, seeks, plans, estimates and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. You should not place undue influence on the forward-looking statements as our actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements for any reason, including the factors in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report. 
 Although we believe that the assumptions on which these forward-looking statements are based are reasonable, any of those assumptions could prove to be inaccurate, and, as a result, the forward-looking statements based on those assumptions also could be inaccurate. Important assumptions include our ability to originate new loans and investments, certain margins and levels of profitability and the availability of additional capital. In light of these and other uncertainties, the inclusion of a projection or forward-looking statement in this Report should not be regarded as a representation by us that our plans and objectives will be achieved. 
 We have based the forward-looking statements included in this Report on information available to us on the date of this Report, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Although we undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in this Report, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, you are advised to consult any additional disclosures that we may make directly to you or through reports that we in the future may file with the SEC, including reports on Form 10-Q/K and current reports on Form 8-K. 
 You should understand that under Section 27A(b)(2)(B) of the Securities Act and Section 21E(b)(2)(B) of the Exchange Act, the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 do not apply to forward-looking statements made in periodic reports we file under the Exchange Act. 
 The following analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. 
 Overview 
 investment grade. Securities rated below investment grade are often referred to as leveraged loans or high yield securities or junk bonds and are often higher risk compared to debt instruments that are rated above investment grade and have speculative characteristics. However, when compared to junk bonds and other non-investment grade debt, senior secured floating rate loans typically have more robust capital-preserving qualities, such as historically lower default rates than junk bonds, represent the senior source of capital in a borrower s capital structure and often have certain of the borrower s assets pledged as collateral. Our debt investments may generally range in maturity from three to ten years and are made to U.S. and, to a limited extent, non-U.S. corporations, partnerships and other business entities which operate in various industries and geographical regions. Under normal market conditions, we generally expect that at least 80 of the value of our managed assets will be invested in floating rate loans and other investments bearing a variable-rate of interest. We generally expect that first lien secured debt will represent at least 65 of our overall portfolio. We also generally expect to invest up to 35 of our overall portfolio opportunistically in other types of investments, including second lien secured debt and subordinated debt and, to a lesser extent, equity investments. We seek to create a diversified portfolio by generally targeting an investment size between 5 million and 30 million, on average, although we expect that this investment size will vary proportionately with the size of our capital base. Our investment activity depends on many factors, including the amount of debt and equity capital available to middle-market companies, the level of merger and acquisition activity for such companies, the general economic environment and the competitive environment for the types of investments we make. We have used, and expect to continue to use, our debt capital, proceeds from the rotation of our portfolio and proceeds from public and private offerings of securities to finance our investment objectives. 

 Organization and Structure of PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. 
 PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd., a Maryland corporation organized in October 2010, is a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified investment company that has elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. In addition, for federal income tax purposes we elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually, as a RIC under the Code. 
 Our investment activities are managed by the Investment Adviser. Under our Investment Management Agreement, we have agreed to pay our Investment Adviser an annual base management fee based on our average adjusted gross assets as well as an incentive fee based on our investment performance. We have also entered into an Administration Agreement with the Administrator. Under our Administration Agreement, we have agreed to reimburse the Administrator for our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under our Administration Agreement, including rent and our allocable portion of the costs of compensation and related expenses of our Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Counsel and their respective staffs. Our board of directors, a majority of whom are independent of us, provides overall supervision of our activities, and the Investment Adviser supervises our day-to-day activities. 
 
 At-the-Market Offering 
 
 On August 20, 2021, we entered into equity distribution agreements with each of JMP Securities LLC and Raymond James Associates, Inc., as the sales agents, in connection with the sale of shares of our common stock, with an aggregate offering price of up to 75 million under an at-the-market offering ATM Program ). The equity distribution agreements provide that we may offer and sell shares of our common stock from time to time through a sales agent in amounts and at times to be determined by us. On May 5, 2022, we amended the equity distribution agreements to update references from NASDAQ to NYSE and reflect that the agents are now represented by Kirkland Ellis LLP. On March 27, 2023 we terminated the equity distribution agreements and entered into new equity distribution agreements with JMP Securities LLC, Raymond James Associates, Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc. (together, the Equity Distribution Agreements ), as sales agents (each,as Sales Agent, and together, the Sales Agents in connection with the sale of shares of our common stock, with an aggregate offering price of up to 100 million under an ATM Program. On August 11, 2023, we amended the Equity Distribution Agreements with each of the Sales Agents (together, the Amended and Restated Equity Distribution Agreements to increase the aggregate offering price to up to 250 million. The Amended and Restated Equity Distribution Agreements provide that we may offer and sell shares of our common stock from time to time through a Sales Agent in amounts and at times to be determined by us. Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by us from time to time, including, market conditions and the trading price of our common stock. The Investment Adviser may, from time to time, in its sole discretion, pay some or all of the commissions payable under the Equity Distribution Agreements or make additional supplemental payments to ensure that the sales price per share of our common stock in connection with all of the offerings made hereunder will not be less than our current NAV per share. Any such payments made by the Investment Adviser will not be subject to reimbursement by us. 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenue in the form of interest income on the debt securities we hold and capital gains and dividends, if any, on investment securities that we may acquire in portfolio companies. Our debt investments, whether in the form of first lien secured debt, second lien secured debt or subordinated debt, typically have a term of three to ten years and bear interest at a floating or fixed rate. Interest on debt securities is generally payable quarterly or semiannually. In some cases, our investments provide for deferred interest payments or PIK interest. The principal amount of the debt securities and any accrued but unpaid interest generally becomes due at the maturity date. In addition, we may generate revenue in the form of amendment, commitment, origination, structuring or diligence fees, fees for providing significant managerial assistance and possibly consulting fees. Loan origination fees, OID and market discount or premium are capitalized and accreted or amortized using the effective interest method as interest income or, in the case of deferred financing costs, as interest expense. Dividend income, if any, is recognized on an accrual basis on the ex-dividend date to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts. From time to time, the Company receives certain fees from portfolio companies, which are non-recurring in nature. Such fees include loan prepayment penalties, structuring fees and amendment fees, and are recorded as other investment income when earned. Litigation settlements are accounted for in accordance with the gain contingency provisions of ASC Subtopic 450-30, Gain Contingencies, or ASC 450-30. 
 Expenses 
 Our primary operating expenses include the payment of a management fee and the payment of an incentive fee to our Investment Adviser, if any, our allocable portion of overhead under our Administration Agreement and other operating costs as detailed below. Our management fee compensates our Investment Adviser for its work in identifying, evaluating, negotiating, consummating and monitoring our investments. Additionally, we pay interest expense on the outstanding debt and unused commitment fees on undrawn amounts, under our various debt facilities. We bear all other direct or indirect costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including: 
 the cost of calculating our NAV, including the cost of any third-party valuation services; 

the cost of effecting sales and repurchases of shares of our common stock and other securities; 

fees payable to third parties relating to, or associated with, making investments, including fees and expenses associated with performing due diligence and reviews of prospective investments or complementary businesses; 

43 

expenses incurred by the Investment Adviser in performing due diligence and reviews of investments, including expenses incurred by the Investment Adviser payable to third parties (including agents and consultants) in monitoring financial and legal affairs for the Company and in monitoring the Company s investments; 

transfer agent and custodial fees; 

fees and expenses associated with marketing efforts; 

federal and state registration fees and any exchange listing fees; 

federal, state, local and foreign taxes; 

independent directors fees and expenses; 

brokerage commissions; 

fidelity bond, directors and officers, errors and omissions liability insurance and other insurance premiums; 

direct costs such as printing, mailing, long distance telephone and staff; 

fees and expenses associated with independent audits and outside legal costs; 

costs associated with our reporting and compliance obligations under the 1940 Act and applicable federal and state securities laws; and 

all other expenses incurred by either the Administrator or us in connection with administering our business, including payments under our Administration Agreement that will be based upon our allocable portion of overhead, and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under our Administration Agreement, including rent and our allocable portion of the costs of compensation and related expenses of our Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Counsel and their respective staffs. 

Generally, during periods of asset growth, we expect our general and administrative expenses to be relatively stable or to decline as a percentage of total assets and increase during periods of asset declines. Incentive fees, interest expense and costs relating to future offerings of securities would be additive to the expenses described above. 
 Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements 
 During the preparation of the financial statements as of and for the year ended September 30, 2023, Management identified an error in the classification and presentation of cash pertaining to the Company s affiliates PSSL and PTSF in the September 30, 2022 financial statements. The Company recorded cash activity and due to affiliates pertaining to their investments as a reduction of the cash account instead of presenting the related cash and cash equivalents as an asset and a due to affiliates as a liability. The impact of the error correction is reflected as a 3.6 million increase to cash and cash equivalents and offsetting increase to due to affiliates on the consolidated statement of assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2022 and an increase in due to affiliates within operating activities on the consolidated statement of cash flows totaling 3.4 million and 0.2 million, respectively for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. There was no impact from the error correction to total net assets and net asset value per share as reported on the consolidated statement of assets and liabilities as of September 30, 2022. In addition, there was no impact from the error correction on net investment income or net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations in total or on a per common share basis as reported on the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. The corrections were reported in the year ended September 30, 2023. 
 As a result of the error in the classification and presentation of cash described above, we conducted an analysis to determine whether incentive-based compensation was erroneously awarded, thereby necessitating recovery under the Clawback Policy we adopted effective December 1, 2023. Because we do not pay or otherwise award incentive-based compensation to the Company s executives, we concluded that the error did not result in erroneously-awarded incentive-based compensation, and therefore no compensation recovery is required. 
 PORTFOLIO AND INVESTMENT ACTIVITY 
 As of September 30, 2023, our portfolio totaled 1,067.2 million and consisted of 906.2 million of first lien secured debt (including 210.1 million in PSSL), 0.1million of second lien secured debt and 160.9 million of preferred and common equity (including 50.9 million in PSSL). Our debt portfolio consisted of approximately 100 variable-rate investments. As of September 30, 2023, we had three portfolio companies on non-accrual, representing 0.9 and 0.2 percent of our overall portfolio on a cost and fair value basis, respectively. Overall, the portfolio had net unrealized depreciation of 25.7 million. Our overall portfolio consisted of 131 companies with an average investment size of 8.1 million, had a weighted average yield on debt investments of 12.6 , and was invested 85 in first lien secured debt (including 20 in PSSL), less than 1 in second lien secured debt and 15 in preferred and common equity (including 5 in PSSL). As of September 30, 2023, over 99 of the investments held by PSSL were first lien secured debt. 
 As of September 30, 2022, our portfolio totaled 1,164.3 million and consisted of 1,009.6 million of first lien secured debt (including 190.2 million in PSSL), 0.1 million of second lien secured debt and 154.5 million of preferred and common equity (including 49.4 million in PSSL). Our debt portfolio consisted of approximately 100 variable-rate investments. As of September 30, 2022, we had two portfolio companies on non-accrual, representing 0.9 and zero percent of our overall portfolio on a cost and fair value basis, respectively. Overall, the portfolio had net unrealized depreciation of 8.7 million. Our overall portfolio consisted of 125 companies with an average investment size of 9.3 million, had a weighted average yield on debt investments of 10 , and was invested 87 in first lien secured debt (including 16 in PSSL), less than 1 in second lien secured debt and 13 in preferred and common equity (including 4 in PSSL). As of September 30, 2022, 99 of the investments held by PSSL were first lien secured debt. 
 For the year ended September 30, 2023, we invested 324.5 million in 16 new and 71 existing portfolio companies with a weighted average yield on debt investments of 12.1 . Sales and repayments of investments for the same period totaled 399.1 million. 
 For the year ended September 30, 2022, we invested 607.8 million in 34 new and 129 existing portfolio companies with a weighted average yield on debt investments of 7.8 . Sales and repayments of investments for the same period totaled 495.2 million. 
 
 PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 
 
 44 

As of September 30, 2023, PSSL s portfolio totaled 785.9 million, consisted of 105 companies with an average investment size of 7.5 million and had a weighted average yield on debt investments of 12.1 . As of September 30, 2022, PSSL s portfolio totaled 754.7 million, consisted of 95 companies with an average investment size of 8.0 million and had a weighted average yield on debt investments of 9.6 . 
 
 For the year ended September 30, 2023, PSSL invested 190.9 million (of which 158.2 million was purchased from the Company) in 22 new and 27 existing portfolio companies with a weighted average yield on debt investments of 11.8 . PSSL s sales and repayments of investments for the same period totaled 155.2 million. 
 
 For the year ended September 30, 2022, PSSL invested 278.8 million (of which 270.6 million was purchased from the Company) in 34 new and 20 existing portfolio companies with a weighted average yield on debt investments of 8.1 . PSSL s sales and repayments of investments for the same period totaled 102.4 million. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 The preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of our assets and liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reported periods. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, which are of a normal recurring nature, considered necessary for the fair presentation of financial statements have been included. Actual results could differ from these estimates due to changes in the economic and regulatory environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates and assumptions. We may reclassify certain prior period amounts to conform to the current period presentation. We have eliminated all intercompany balances and transactions. References to ASC serve as a single source of accounting literature. Subsequent events are evaluated and disclosed as appropriate for events occurring through the date the Consolidated Financial Statements are issued. In addition to the discussion below, we describe our critical accounting policies in the notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Investment Valuations 
 We expect that there may not be readily available market values for many of our investments which are or will be in our portfolio, and we value such investments at fair value as determined in good faith by or under the direction of our board of directors using a documented valuation policy and a consistently applied valuation process, as described in this Report. With respect to investments for which there is no readily available market value, the factors that the board of directors may take into account in pricing our investments at fair value include, as relevant, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to publicly traded securities and other relevant factors. When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, we consider the pricing indicated by the external event to corroborate or revise our valuation. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the price used in an actual transaction may be different than our valuation and the difference may be material. 
 Our portfolio generally consists of illiquid securities, including debt and equity investments. With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, or for which market quotations are deemed not reflective of the fair value, our board of directors undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 
 (1) Our quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the investment professionals of our Investment Adviser responsible for the portfolio investment; 

(2) Preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with the management of our Investment Adviser; 

(3) Our board of directors also engages independent valuation firms to conduct independent appraisals of our investments for which market quotations are not readily available or are readily available but deemed not reflective of the fair value of the investment. The independent valuation firms review management s preliminary valuations in light of their own independent assessment and also in light of any market quotations obtained from an independent pricing service, broker, dealer or market maker; 

(4) The audit committee of our board of directors reviews the preliminary valuations of our Investment Adviser and those of the independent valuation firms on a quarterly basis, periodically assesses the valuation methodologies of the independent valuation firms, and responds to and supplements the valuation recommendations of the independent valuation firms to reflect any comments; and 

(5) Our board of directors discusses these valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith, based on the input of our Investment Adviser, the respective independent valuation firms and the audit committee. 

Our board of directors generally uses market quotations to assess the value of our investments for which market quotations are readily available. We obtain these market values from independent pricing services or at the bid prices obtained from at least two brokers or dealers, if available, or otherwise from a principal market maker or a primary market dealer. The Investment Adviser assesses the source and reliability of bids from brokers or dealers. If the board of directors has a bona fide reason to believe any such market quote does not reflect the fair value of an investment, it may independently value such investments by using the valuation procedure that it uses with respect to assets for which market quotations are not readily available. 
 Fair value, as defined under ASC 820, is the price that we would receive upon selling an investment or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction to a market participant in the principal or most advantageous market for the investment or liability. ASC 820 emphasizes that valuation techniques maximize the use of observable market inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Inputs refer broadly to the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability, including assumptions about risk. Inputs may be observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent of us. Unobservable inputs reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability based on the best information available to us on the reporting period date. 
 ASC 820 classifies the inputs used to measure these fair values into the following hierarchies: 
 Level 1: Inputs that are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, accessible by us at the measurement date. 
 Level 2: Inputs that are quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or that are quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term, if applicable, of the financial instrument. 
 Level 3: Inputs that are unobservable for an asset or liability because they are based on our own assumptions about how market participants would price the asset or liability. 
 
 45 

A financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Generally, most of our investments, our 2031 Asset-Backed Debt and the Credit Facility are classified as Level 3. Our 2023 Notes and 2026 Notes are classified as Level 2 as they are financial instruments with readily observable market inputs. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the price used in an actual transaction may be different than our valuation and those differences may be material. 
 
 On December 3, 2020, the SEC adopted Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act, which establishes an updated regulatory framework for determining fair value in good faith for purposes of the 1940 Act. The new rule clarifies how fund boards of directors can satisfy their valuation obligations and requires, among other things, the board of directors to periodically assess material valuation risks and take steps to manage those risks. The rule also permit boards of directors, subject to board oversight and certain other conditions, to designate the fund s investment adviser to perform fair value determinations. The new rule went into effect on March 8, 2021 and had a compliance date of September 8, 2022. We came into compliance with Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act before the compliance date. While our board of directors has not elected to designate the Investment Adviser as the valuation designee at this time, we have adopted certain revisions to our valuation policies and procedures in order comply with the applicable requirements of Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act. 
 
 In addition to using the above inputs to value cash equivalents, investments, our 2023 Notes, our 2026 Notes, our 2031 Asset-Backed Debt and the Credit Facility, we employ the valuation policy approved by our board of directors that is consistent with ASC 820. Consistent with our valuation policy, we evaluate the source of inputs, including any markets in which our investments are trading, in determining fair value. 
 
 Generally, the carrying value of our consolidated financial liabilities approximates fair value. We have adopted the principles ASC Subtopic 825-10, Financial Instruments, or ASC 825-10, which provides companies with an option to report selected financial assets and liabilities at fair value, and made an irrevocable election to apply ASC 825-10 to the Credit Facility and the 2023 Notes. We elected to use the fair value option for the Credit Facility and the 2023 Notes to align the measurement attributes of both our assets and liabilities while mitigating volatility in earnings from using different measurement attributes. Due to that election and in accordance with GAAP, we incurred expenses of zero and zero relating to amendment costs on the Credit Facility and debt issuance costs on the 2023 Notes during the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. ASC 825-10 establishes presentation and disclosure requirements designed to facilitate comparisons between companies that choose different measurement attributes for similar types of assets and liabilities and to more easily understand the effect on earnings of a company s choice to use fair value. ASC 825-10 also requires entities to display the fair value of the selected assets and liabilities on the face of the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities and changes in fair value of the Credit Facility and the 2023 Notes are reported in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. We elected not to apply ASC 825-10 to any other financial assets or liabilities, including the 2026 Notes and the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt. 
 
 For the years September 30, 2023 and 2022, the Credit Facility or our Prior Credit Facility, as applicable, the 2023 Notes had a net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation of (2.3) million and (4.9) million, respectively. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, the net unrealized depreciation on the Credit Facility or Prior Credit Facility, as applicable, the 2023 Notes totaled zero and 2.3 million, respectively. We use a nationally recognized independent valuation service to measure the fair value of the Credit Facility and 2023 Notes in a manner consistent with the valuation process that our board of directors uses to value our investments. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We record interest income on an accrual basis to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts. For loans and debt investments with contractual PIK interest, which represents interest accrued and added to the loan balance that generally becomes due at maturity, we will generally not accrue PIK interest when the portfolio company valuation indicates that such PIK interest is not collectable. We do not accrue as a receivable interest on loans and debt investments if we have reason to doubt our ability to collect such interest. Loan origination fees, OID, market discount or premium and deferred financing costs on liabilities, which we do not fair value, are capitalized and then accreted or amortized using the effective interest method as interest income or, in the case of deferred financing costs, as interest expense. We record prepayment penalties on loans and debt investments as income. Dividend income, if any, is recognized on an accrual basis on the ex-dividend date to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts. From time to time, the Company receives certain fees from portfolio companies, which are non-recurring in nature. Such fees include loan prepayment penalties, structuring fees and amendment fees, and are recorded as other investment income when earned. 
 Net Realized Gains or Losses and Net Change in Unrealized Appreciation or Depreciation 
 We measure realized gains or losses by the difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment, using the specific identification method, without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized, but considering unamortized upfront fees and prepayment penalties. Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation reflects the change in the fair values of our portfolio investments, the Credit Facility, the 2023 Notes during the reporting period, including any reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation, when gains or losses are realized. 
 Foreign Currency Translation 
 Our books and records are maintained in U.S. dollars. Any foreign currency amounts are translated into U.S. dollars on the following basis: 
 1. Fair value of investment securities, other assets and liabilities at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the applicable period; and 

2. Purchases and sales of investment securities, income and expenses at the exchange rates prevailing on the respective dates of such transactions. 

Although net assets and fair values are presented based on the applicable foreign exchange rates described above, we do not isolate that portion of the results of operations due to changes in foreign exchange rates on investments, other assets and debt from the fluctuations arising from changes in fair value of investments and liabilities held. Such fluctuations are included with the net realized and unrealized gain or loss from investments and liabilities. 
 Payment-in-kind, or PIK, Interest 
 We have investments in our portfolio which contain a PIK interest provision. PIK interest is added to the principal balance of the investment and is recorded as income. In order for us to maintain our ability to be subject to tax as a RIC, substantially all of this income must be paid out to stockholders in the form of dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes, even though we may not have collected any cash with respect to interest on PIK securities. 
 Federal Income Taxes 
 We have elected to be treated, and intend to qualify annually to maintain our election to be treated, as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To maintain our RIC tax election, we must, among other requirements, meet certain annual source-of-income and quarterly asset diversification requirements. We also must annually distribute dividends for federal income tax purposes to our stockholders out of the assets legally available for distribution of an amount generally at least equal to 90 of the sum of our net ordinary income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, or investment company taxable income, determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid. 
 
 46 

Although not required for us to maintain our RIC tax status, in order to preclude the imposition of a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax imposed on RICs, we must distribute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to our stockholders in respect of each calendar year of an amount at least equal to the s um of (1) 98 of our net ordinary income (subject to certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 of our capital gain net income (i.e., the excess, if any, of our capital gains over capital losses), adjusted for certain ordinary losses, generally for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year plus (3) any net ordinary income or capital gain net income for the preceding years that was not distributed during such years on which we did not incur any corporate income tax, or the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement. In addition, although we may distribute realized net capital gains (i.e., net long-term capital gains in excess of net short-term capital losses), if any, at least annually, out of the assets legally available for such distributions in the manner described above, we have retained and may continue to retain such net capital gains or investment company taxable income, subject to maintaining our ability to be taxed as a RIC, in order to provide us with additional liquidity. 
 
 Because federal income tax regulations differ from GAAP, distributions in accordance with tax regulations may differ from net investment income and net realized gain recognized for financial reporting purposes. Differences between tax regulations and GAAP may be permanent or temporary. Permanent differences are reclassified among capital accounts in the Consolidated Financial Statements to reflect their appropriate tax character. Temporary differences arise when certain items of income, expense, gain or loss are recognized at some time in the future. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recorded a provision for taxes on net investment income of 1.0 million, 0.4 million, and 0.4 million, respectively, pertaining to federal excise tax. 
 
 The Taxable Subsidiary (PFLT Investment Holdings, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) is subject to U.S. federal, state and local corporate income taxes. The income tax expense and related tax liabilities of the Taxable Subsidiary are reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized a provision for taxes of (2.8) million, 4.6 million and zero, respectively, on unrealized appreciation on investments by the Taxable Subsidiary. The provision for taxes on unrealized appreciation on investments is the result of netting (i) the expected tax liability on gains from sales of investments and (ii) the expected tax benefit from the use of losses in the current year. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, 1.8 million and 4.6 million, respectively, was accrued as a deferred tax liability on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities relating to unrealized gain on investments held by the Taxable Subsidiary. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, 0.3 million and zero, respectively, the Company recognized a provision for taxes on realized gain on investments held by the Taxable Subsidiary. During the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company paid zero and 1.2 million, respectively, in taxes on realized gains on the sale of investments held by the Taxable Subsidiary which were offset by subsequently realized losses, resulting in a 1.2 million prepaid tax asset as of September 30, 2023 included under prepaid expenses and other assets in the consolidated statement of assets and liabilities. 
 We have formed and expect to continue to form certain taxable subsidiaries, including the Taxable Subsidiary, which are taxed as corporations. These taxable subsidiaries allow us to hold equity securities of certain portfolio companies treated as pass-through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes while facilitating our ability to qualify as a RIC under the Code. 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Set forth below are the results of operations for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. For information regarding results of operations for the year ended September 30, 2021, see the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, as filed with the SEC on November 17, 2022. 
 Investment Income 
 Investment income for the year ended September 30, 2023 was 139.3 million and was attributable to 120.0 million from first lien secured debt and 19.3 million from other investments. The increase in investment income compared to the same periods in the prior year was primarily due to an increase in the SOFR index. 
 Investment income for the year ended September 30, 2022 was 105.5 million and was attributable to 89.1 million from first lien secured debt and 16.4 million from other investments. 
 Expenses 
 Expenses for the year ended September 30, 2023 totaled 71.8 million. Base management fee for the same period totaled 11.4 million, incentive fee totaled 16.9 million, debt related interest and expenses totaled 38.2 million, general and administrative expenses totaled 4.4 million and provision for taxes totaled 1.0 million. The increase in expenses compared to the prior year was primarily due to an increase in debt related interest and expenses and incentive fees. 
 Expenses for the year ended September 30, 2022 totaled 56.9 million. Base management fee for the same period totaled 11.9 million, incentive fee totaled 11.6 million, debt related interest and expenses totaled 29.8 million (including 0.4 million attributable to fees associated with entering into the New Credit Facility amendment fees) general and administrative expenses totaled 3.2 million and provision for taxes totaled 0.4 million. 
 Net Investment Income 
 
 Net investment income totaled 67.5 million, or 1.33 per share, and 48.6 million, or 1.18 per share, for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in net investment income compared to the prior year was primarily due to an increase in the size of our portfolio as well as the increase in the SOFR index. 
 Net Realized Gains or Losses 
 Sales and repayments of investments for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 totaled 399.1 million and 495.2 million, respectively. Net realized losses totaled 15.9 million and 11.1 million for the same periods, respectively. The change in realized gains (losses) was primarily due to changes in market conditions of our investments and the values at which they were realized, caused by the fluctuations in the market and in the economy, as discussed above under Forward-Looking Statements . 
 Unrealized Appreciation or Depreciation on Investments, the Credit Facility and the 2023 Notes 
 For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, we reported net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments of (12.6) million and 24.5) million, respectively. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, our net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments totaled (25.7) million and (13.1) million, respectively. The net change in unrealized appreciation/depreciation on our investments for the year ended September 30, 2023 compared to the prior year was primarily due to changes in the capital market conditions of our investments and the values at which they were realized, caused by the fluctuations in the market and in the economy, as discussed above under the Forward-Looking Statements section above. 
 47 

For the year ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, the Credit Facility or Prior Credit Facility, as applicable, and the 2023 Notes had a net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation of (2.3) million and (4.9) million and, respectively. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, our net unrealized depreciation on the Credit Facility or our Prior Credit Facility, as applicable, and the 2023 Notes totaled zero million and 2.3 million, respectively. The net change in unrealized depreciation for the year ended September 30, 2023 compared to the prior year was primarily due to changes in the capital markets, with the economic instability negatively affecting the value, as further discussed above under Forward-Looking Statements . 
 Net Change in Net Assets Resulting from Operations 
 Net change in net assets resulting from operations totaled 39.3 million, or 0.77 per share, and 3.5 million, or 0.08 per share, for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in net assets from operations for the year ended September 30, 2023 compared to the prior year was primarily due to less depreciation of the portfolio primarily driven by changes in market conditions, as discussed above under Forward-Looking Statements as well as higher investment income. 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our liquidity and capital resources are derived primarily from proceeds of securities offerings, debt capital and cash flows from operations, including investment sales and repayments, and income earned. Our primary use of funds from operations includes investments in portfolio companies and payments of fees and other operating expenses we incur. We have used, and expect to continue to use, our debt capital, proceeds from the rotation of our portfolio and proceeds from public and private offerings of securities to finance our investment objectives. As of September 30, 2023, in accordance with the 1940 Act, with certain limited exceptions, we are only allowed to borrow amounts such that we are in compliance with a 150 asset coverage ratio requirement after such borrowing. For information regarding liquidity and capital resources for the year ended September 30, 2021, see the Company's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, as filed with the SEC on November 17, 2022. 
 
 On April 5, 2018, our board of directors approved the application of the modified asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, as amended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2018 (which includes the SBCAA). As a result, the asset coverage requirement applicable to us for senior securities was reduced from 200 (i.e., 1 of debt outstanding for each 1 of equity) to 150 (i.e., 2 of debt outstanding for each 1 of equity), effective as of April 5, 2019, subject to compliance with certain disclosure requirements. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, our asset coverage ratio, as computed in accordance with the 1940 Act, was 230 and 178 , respectively. 
 
 The annualized weighted average cost of debt for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, inclusive of the fee on the undrawn commitment on the Credit Facility or Prior Credit Facility, as applicable, amendment costs and debt issuance costs, was 6.3 and 4.5 , respectively. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, we had 376.6 million and 197.2 million of unused borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility, subject to leverage and borrowing base restrictions. 
 
 Funding I s multi-currency Credit Facility with the Lenders upsized during the quarter with the addition of a new lender on July 24, 2023 increasing the facility by 20 million and was 386 million as of September 30, 2023, subject to satisfaction of certain conditions and regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC, has an interest rate spread above SOFR (or an alternative risk-free floating interest rate index) of 236 basis points, a maturity date of August 2026 and a revolving period that ends in August 2024. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, Funding I had 9.4 million and 168.8 million of outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility or the Prior Credit Facility, as applicable, respectively. The Credit Facility had a weighted average interest rate of 7.7 and 4.9 , exclusive of the fee on undrawn commitments, as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 During the revolving period, the Credit Facility bears interest at SOFR (or an alternative risk-free floating interest rate index) plus 236 basis points and, after the revolving period, the rate will reset to Base Rate (or an alternative risk-free floating interest rate index) plus 250 basis points for the remaining two years, maturing in August 2026. The Credit Facility is secured by all of the assets of Funding I. Both PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. and Funding I have made customary representations and warranties and are required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. 
 The Credit Facility contains covenants, including, but not limited to, restrictions of loan size, currency types and amounts, industry requirements, average life of loans, geographic and individual portfolio concentrations, minimum portfolio yield and loan payment frequency. Additionally, the Credit Facility requires the maintenance of a minimum equity investment in Funding I and income ratio as well as restrictions on certain payments and issuance of debt. The Credit Facility compliance reporting is prepared on a basis of accounting other than GAAP. As of September 30, 2023, we were in compliance with the covenants relating to the Credit Facility. 
 We own 100 of the equity interest in Funding I and treat the indebtedness of Funding I as our leverage. Our Investment Adviser serves as collateral manager to Funding I under the Credit Facility. 
 Our interest in Funding I (other than the management fee) is subordinate in priority of payment to every other obligation of Funding I and is subject to certain payment restrictions set forth in the Credit Facility. We may receive cash distributions on our equity interests in Funding I only after it has made (1) all required cash interest and, if applicable, principal payments to the Lenders, (2) required administrative expenses and (3) claims of other unsecured creditors of Funding I. We cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds available to make any distributions to us or that such distributions will meet our expectations from Funding I. The Investment Adviser has irrevocably directed that the management fee owed with respect to such services is to be paid to the Company so long as the Investment Adviser remains the collateral manager. 
 
 million of our . The 2023 Notes were issued pursuant to a deed of trust between the Company and Mishmeret Trust Company, Ltd. as trustee, of which 76.2 million and 97.0 million was outstanding as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively. 
 Please refer to the deed of trust filed as Exhibit (d)(8) to our post-effective amendment filed on December 13, 2017 for more information. The 2023 Notes are rated ilA- by S P Global Ratings Maalot Ltd. and are listed on the TASE. In connection with this offering, we have dual listed our common stock on the TASE. The 2023 Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the Securities Act or in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, such registration requirements. In March 2021 and in October 2021, we issued million and million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of our at a public offering price per note of 99.4 and 101.5 , respectively. We do not intend to list the 2026 Notes on any securities exchange or automated dealer quotation system. 

In September 2019, the Securitization Issuers completed the Debt Securitization. The 2031 Asset-Backed Debt is secured by the middle market loans, participation interests in middle market loans and other assets of the Securitization Issuer. The Debt Securitization was executed through (A) a private placement of: (i) 78.5 million Class A-1 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes maturing 2031, which bear interest at the three-month SOFR plus 1.8 , (ii) 15.0 million Class A-2 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes due 2031, which bear interest at 3.7 , (iii) 14.0 million Class B-1 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2031, which bear interest at the three-month SOFR plus 2.9 , (iv) 16.0 million Class B-2 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes due 2031, which bear interest at 4.3 , (v) 19.0 million Class C 1 Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2031, which bear interest at the three-month SOFR plus 4.0 , (vi) 8.0 million Class C-2 Secured Deferrable Fixed Rate Notes due 2031, which bear interest at 5.4 , and (vii) 18.0 million Class D Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2031, which bear interest at the three-month SOFR plus 4.8 and (B) the borrowing of 77.5 million Class A 1 Senior Secured Floating Rate Loans due 2031, which bear interest at the three-month SOFR plus 1.8 , under a credit agreement by and among the Securitization Issuers, as borrowers, various financial institutions, as lenders, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent and as loan agent. The 2031 Asset-Backed Debt is scheduled to mature on October 15, 2031. As of both September 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had 228.0 million, respectively, of 2031 Asset-Backed Debt outstanding with a weighted average interest rate of 7.1 and 4.6 , respectively. 
 
 On the closing date of the Debt Securitization, in consideration of our transfer to the Securitization Issuer of the initial closing date loan portfolio, which included loans distributed to us by our wholly-owned subsidiary, the Securitization Issuer transferred to us 100 of the Preferred Shares of the Securitization Issuer, 100 of the Class D Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes issued by the Securitization Issuer, and a portion of the net cash proceeds received from the sale of the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt. The Preferred Shares of the Securitization Issuer do not bear interest and had a stated value of 55.4 million at the closing of the Debt Securitization. 
 
 The 2031 Asset-Backed Debt constitutes secured obligations of the Securitization Issuers, and the indenture governing the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt includes customary covenants and events of default. The 2031 Asset-Backed Debt has not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or any state securities or blue sky laws and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration with the SEC or an applicable exemption from registration. 
 
 Our Investment Adviser serves as collateral manager to the Securitization Issuer pursuant to a collateral management agreement between our Investment Adviser and the Securitization Issuer, or the Collateral Management Agreement. For so long as our Investment Adviser serves as collateral manager, it will elect to irrevocably waive any collateral management fee to which it may be entitled under the Collateral Management Agreement. 
 
 On August 20, 2021, we entered into equity distribution agreements with each of JMP Securities LLC and Raymond James Associates, Inc., as the sales agents, in connection with the sale of shares of our common stock, with an aggregate offering price of up to 75 million under an at-the-market offering ATM Program ). The equity distribution agreements provide that we may offer and sell shares of our common stock from time to time through a sales agent in amounts and at times to be determined by us. On May 5, 2022, we amended the equity distribution agreements to update references from NASDAQ to NYSE and reflect that the agents are now represented by Kirkland Ellis LLP. On March 27, 2023 we terminated the equity distribution agreements and entered into new equity distribution agreements with JMP Securities LLC, Raymond James Associates, Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc. (together, the Equity Distribution Agreements ), as sales agents (each, as Sales Agent, and together, the Sales Agents in connection with the sale of shares of our common stock, with an aggregate offering price of up to 100 million under an ATM Program. On August 11, 2023, we amended the Equity Distribution Agreements with each of the Sales Agents (together, the Amended and Restated Equity Distribution Agreements to increase the aggregate offering price to up to 250 million. The Amended and Restated Equity Distribution Agreements provide that we may offer and sell shares of our common stock from time to time through a Sales Agent in amounts and at times to be determined by us. Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by us from time to time, including, market conditions and the trading price of our common stock. The Investment Adviser may, from time to time, in its sole discretion, pay some or all of the commissions payable under the Equity Distribution Agreements or make additional supplemental payments to ensure that the sales price per share of our common stock in connection with all of the offerings made hereunder will not be less than our current NAV per share. Any such payments made by the Investment Adviser will not be subject to reimbursement by us. 
 
 During the years ended September 30, 2023, and 2022 we issued 9,089,064 and 2,464,910 shares of our Common Stock, respectively, under the ATM Program at an average price of 11.03 and 13.12 per share, respectively, raising 100.2 million and 31.9 million of net proceeds after commissions to the sales agents and inclusive of proceeds from the Investment Adviser to ensure that all shares were sold at or above NAV. We incurred 0.5 million and 0.1 million, respectively, of deferred offering costs incurred related to establishing the ATM Program. As of September 30, 2023, and 2022, we had 154.1 million and 41.3 million available under the ATM Program. 
 
 Since inception of the ATM Program through September 30, 2023, we issued 11,662,628 shares of our Common Stock under the ATM Program at a weighted-average price of 11.44, raising 133.5 million of net proceeds after commissions to the sales agents and inclusive of proceeds from the Investment Adviser to ensure that all shares were sold at or above NAV. We incurred 1.0 million of legal and other offering costs associated with establishing the ATM Program. 
 We may raise equity or debt capital through both registered offerings off our shelf registration statement and private offerings of securities, securitizing a portion of our investments among other considerations or mergers and acquisitions. Furthermore, the Credit Facility availability depends on various covenants and restrictions as discussed in the preceding paragraphs. The primary use of existing funds and any funds raised in the future is expected to be for repayment of indebtedness, investments in portfolio companies, cash distributions to our stockholders or for other general corporate purposes. 
 We have entered into certain contracts under which we have material future commitments. Under our Investment Management Agreement, which was most recently reapproved by our board of directors, including a majority of our directors who are not interested persons of us or the Investment Adviser, in February 2023, PennantPark Investment Advisers serves as our investment adviser. Payments under our Investment Management Agreement in each reporting period are equal to (1) a management fee equal to a percentage of the value of our average adjusted gross assets and (2) an incentive fee based on our performance. 
 Under our Administration Agreement, which was most recently reapproved by our board of directors, including a majority of our directors who are not interested persons of us, in February 2023, the Administrator furnishes us with office facilities and administrative services necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. The Administration Agreement was amended on July 1, 2022. If requested to provide significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies, we or the Administrator will be paid an additional amount based on the services provided. Payment under our Administration Agreement is based upon our allocable portion of the Administrator s overhead in performing its obligations under our Administration Agreement, including rent and our allocable portion of the costs of our Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Counsel and their respective staffs. 
 If any of our contractual obligations discussed above are terminated, our costs under new agreements that we enter into may increase. In addition, we will likely incur significant time and expense in locating alternative parties to provide the services we expect to receive under our Investment Management Agreement and our Administration Agreement. Any new investment management agreement would also be subject to approval by our stockholders. 
 As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, we had cash equivalents of 100.6 million and 51.5 million, respectively, available for investing and general corporate purposes. We believe our liquidity and capital resources are sufficient to take advantage of market opportunities. 
 49 

Our operating activities used cash of 140.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2023, and our financing activities provided cash of (91.5) million for the same period. Our operating activities used cash primarily for our investment activities and our financing activities used cash primarily for paying down the Credit Facility and paying distributions to stockholders. 
 
 Our operating activities used cash of (46.6) million for the year ended September 30, 2022, and our financing activities provided cash of 47.7 million for the same period. Our operating activities used cash primarily for our investment activities and our financing activities provided cash primarily from offering proceeds and not issuance, offset by paying down the Credit Facility and paying distributions to stockholders. 

N/A 

Fiscal 2022 

N/A 

Fiscal 2021 

N/A 

Fiscal 2020 

N/A 

Fiscal 2019 

N/A 

Fiscal 2018 

N/A 

Fiscal 2017 

N/A 

Fiscal 2016 

N/A 

Fiscal 2015 

N/A 

Fiscal 2014 

N/A 

2023 Notes 

Fiscal 2023 

N/A 

Fiscal 2022 

N/A 

Fiscal 2021 

N/A 

Fiscal 2020 

N/A 

Fiscal 2019 

N/A 

Fiscal 2018 

N/A 

2026 Notes 

Fiscal 2023 

N/A 

Fiscal 2022 

N/A 

Fiscal 2021 

N/A 

2031 Asset-Backed Debt 

Fiscal 2023 

N/A 

Fiscal 2022 

N/A 

Fiscal 2021 

N/A 

Fiscal 2020 

N/A 

Fiscal 2019 

N/A 

(3) 
 Not applicable, as senior securities are not registered for public trading in the United States of America. 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 
 
 In May 2017, we and Kemper formed PSSL, an unconsolidated joint venture. PSSL invests primarily in middle-market and other corporate debt securities consistent with our strategy. PSSL was formed as a Delaware limited liability company. As of September 30, 2023 and 2023, PSSL had total assets of 869.4 million and 796.8 million, respectively, and its investment portfolio consisted of investments in 105 and 95 portfolio companies, respectively. As of September 30, 2023, at fair value, the largest investment in a single portfolio company in PSSL was 18.5 million and the five largest investments totaled 83.4 million. As of September 30, 2022, at fair value, the largest investment in a single portfolio company in PSSL was 19.3 million and the five largest investments totaled 86.9 million. PSSL invests in portfolio companies in the same industries in which we may directly invest. 
 
 We and Kemper provide capital to PSSL in the form of first lien secured debt and equity interests. As of September 30, 2023, and 2022, we and Kemper owned 87.5 and 12.5 , respectively, of each of the outstanding first lien secured debt and equity interests. As of the same dates, our investment in PSSL consisted of first lien secured debt of 210.1 million (additional 27.6 million unfunded) and 190.2 million (additional 19.9 million unfunded), respectively, and equity interests of 90.0 million (additional 11.8 million unfunded) and 81.5 million (additional 8.5 million unfunded), respectively. 
 
 We and Kemper each appointed two members to PSSL s four-person board of directors and investment committee. All material decisions with respect to PSSL, including those involving its investment portfolio, require unanimous approval of a quorum of the board of directors or investment committee. Quorum is defined as (i) the presence of two members of the board of directors or investment committee, provided that at least one individual is present that was elected, designated or appointed by each member; (ii) the presence of three members of the board of directors or investment committee, provided that the individual that was elected, designated or appointed by the member with only one individual present shall be entitled to cast two votes on each matter; and (iii) the presence of four members of the board of directors or investment committee shall constitute a quorum, provided that two individuals are present that were elected, designated or appointed by each member. 
 
 50 

In August 2023 PSSL entered into a 260.0 million (decreased from 325.0 million) senior secured revolving credit facility which bears interest at daily simple SOFR plus 260 basis points (including a spread adjustment) with Ally Bank through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Facility LLC II, or PSSL Subsidiary II, subject to leverage and borrowing base restrictions. 
 
 In January 2021, PSSL completed a 300.7 million debt securitization in the form of a collateralized loan obligation, or the 2032 Asset-Backed Debt . The 2032 Asset-Backed Debt is secured by a diversified portfolio of PennantPark CLO II, Ltd., a wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiary of PSSL, consisting primarily of middle market loans and participation interests in middle market loans. The 2032 Asset-Backed Debt is scheduled to mature in January 2032. On the closing date of the transaction, in consideration of PSSL s transfer to PennantPark CLO II, Ltd. of the initial closing date loan portfolio, which included loans distributed to PSSL by certain of its wholly owned subsidiaries and us, PennantPark CLO II, Ltd. transferred to PSSL 100 of the Preferred Shares of PennantPark CLO II, Ltd. and 100 of the Class E Notes issued by PennantPark CLO II, Ltd. 
 
 In April 2023, PSSL completed a 297.8 million debt securitization in the form of a collateralized loan obligation, or the 2035 Asset-Backed Debt . The 2035 Asset-Backed Debt is secured by a diversified portfolio of PennantPark CLO VI, LLC, a wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiary of PSSL, consisting primarily of middle market loans and participation interests in middle market loans. The 2035 Asset-Backed Debt is scheduled to mature in April 2035. On the closing date of the transaction, in consideration of PSSL s transfer to PennantPark CLO VI, LLC of the initial closing date loan portfolio, which included loans distributed to PSSL by certain of its wholly owned subsidiaries and us, PennantPark CLO VI, LLC transferred to PSSL 100 of the Preferred Shares of CLO VI, LLC 

Below is a summary of PSSL s portfolio at fair value in thousands): 

in thousands) 
 
 September 30, 2023 

September 30, 2022 

Total investments 

785,859 

754,722 

Weighted average cost yield on income producing investments 

12.1 

9.6 

Number of portfolio companies in PSSL 

105 

95 

Largest portfolio company investment 

18,463 

19,250 

Total of five largest portfolio company investments 

83,365 

86,872 

51 

Below is a listing of PSSL s individual investments as of September 30, 2023 (par and in thousands): 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 
 
 Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 
 
 Par 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

First Lien Secured Debt - 1,347.5 

A1 Garage Merger Sub, LLC 
 
 12/22/2028 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 

11.84 

SOFR+660 

2,940 

2,886 

2,925 

Ad.net Acquisition, LLC 
 
 5/7/2026 
 
 Media 

11.65 

SOFR+626 

8,798 

8,723 

8,754 

Alpine Acquisition Corp II 
 
 11/30/2026 
 
 Containers and Packaging 

11.24 

SOFR+600 

12,852 

12,535 

12,338 

Anteriad, LLC (f/k/a MeritDirect, LLC) 
 
 5/23/2024 
 
 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 

11.04 

SOFR+550 

5,001 

4,971 

4,913 

Anteriad Holdings Inc (fka MeritDirect) March 2023 
 
 5/23/2024 
 
 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 

12.04 

SOFR+650 

4,875 

4,817 

4,814 

Any Hour Services 
 
 7/21/2027 
 
 Professional Services 

11.59 

SOFR+585 

7,510 

7,348 

7,360 

Apex Service Partners, LLC 
 
 7/31/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

10.52 

SOFR+525 

1,002 

1,002 

1,000 

Apex Service Partners, LLC Term Loan B 
 
 7/31/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

11.04 

SOFR+550 

2,187 

2,187 

2,181 

Apex Service Partners, LLC Term Loan C 
 
 7/31/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

10.69 

SOFR+525 

11,013 

10,972 

10,985 

Applied Technical Services, LLC 
 
 12/29/2026 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 

11.54 

SOFR+615 

9,579 

9,475 

9,387 

Applied Technical Services, LLC - DDTL Unfunded (3) 
 
 12/29/2026 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 

194 

- 

(2) 

Arcfield Acquisition Corp. 
 
 8/3/2029 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

11.62 

SOFR+625 

9,218 

9,093 

9,126 

Beta Plus Technologies, Inc. 
 
 7/1/2029 
 
 Business Services 

11.14 

SOFR+575 

4,950 

4,863 

4,604 

BioDerm, Inc. 
 
 1/31/2028 
 
 Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 

11.83 

SOFR+650 

8,978 

8,874 

8,933 

Blackhawk Industrial Distribution, Inc. 
 
 9/17/2026 
 
 Distributors 

11.79 

SOFR+640 

15,132 

14,928 

14,905 

Broder Bros., Co. 
 
 12/4/2025 
 
 Consumer Products 

11.50 

SOFR+626 

2,349 

2,349 

2,349 

Burgess Point Purchaser Corporation 
 
 9/26/2029 
 
 Automotive 

10.67 

SOFR+525 

447 

418 

420 

By Light Professional IT Services, LLC 
 
 5/16/2025 
 
 High Tech Industries 

12.43 

SOFR+688 

13,821 

13,778 

13,579 

Cadence Aerospace, LLC 
 
 11/14/2023 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

12.07 

SOFR+665 

4,011 

4,010 

4,011 

(PIK 2.00 

Cartessa Aesthetics, LLC 
 
 6/14/2028 
 
 Distributors 

11.39 

SOFR+600 

9,636 

9,509 

9,636 

CF512, Inc. 
 
 8/20/2026 
 
 Media 

11.60 

SOFR+619 

6,820 

6,722 

6,684 

CHA Holdings, Inc. 
 
 4/10/2025 
 
 Construction and Engineering 

10.15 

SOFR+476 

5,499 

5,455 

5,499 

Challenger Performance Optimization, Inc. 
 
 8/31/2024 
 
 Business Services 

12.18 

SOFR+675 

9,232 

9,201 

8,955 

(PIK 1.00 

Confluent Health, LLC 
 
 10/28/2028 
 
 Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 

9.32 

SOFR+400 

6,797 

6,559 

6,445 

Connatix Buyer, Inc. 
 
 7/13/2027 
 
 Media 

11.16 

SOFR+576 

3,815 

3,762 

3,681 

Crane 1 Services, Inc. 
 
 8/16/2027 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 

10.90 

SOFR+551 

2,089 

2,067 

2,079 

Dr. Squatch, LLC 
 
 8/31/2027 
 
 Personal Products 

11.24 

SOFR+585 

14,712 

14,511 

14,712 

DRI Holding Inc. 
 
 12/21/2028 
 
 Media 

10.67 

SOFR+525 

2,627 

2,418 

2,394 

DRS Holdings III, Inc. 
 
 11/3/2025 
 
 Consumer Goods: Durable 

11.79 

SOFR+640 

14,429 

14,376 

14,256 

Duraco Specialty Tapes LLC 
 
 6/30/2024 
 
 Containers and Packaging 

11.89 

SOFR+650 

10,904 

10,838 

10,740 

ECL Entertainment, LLC 
 
 8/31/2030 
 
 Hotel, Gaming and Leisure 

10.07 

SOFR+475 

5,000 

4,900 

4,985 

EDS Buyer, LLC 
 
 1/10/2029 
 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments, and Components 

11.64 

SOFR+625 

8,955 

8,833 

8,821 

Electro Rent Corporation 
 
 1/17/2024 
 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments, and Components 

11.00 

SOFR+550 

2,219 

2,200 

2,171 

Exigo Intermediate II, LLC 
 
 3/15/2027 
 
 Software 

11.17 

SOFR+585 

12,675 

12,505 

12,422 

ETE Intermediate II, LLC 
 
 5/29/2029 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

11.89 

SOFR+650 

12,404 

12,154 

12,193 

Fairbanks Morse Defense 
 
 6/17/2028 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

10.40 

SOFR+475 

10,195 

10,143 

10,114 

Global Holdings InterCo LLC 
 
 3/16/2026 
 
 Diversified Financial Services 

11.96 

SOFR+660 

3,736 

3,724 

3,549 

Graffiti Buyer, Inc. 
 
 8/10/2027 
 
 Trading Companies Distributors 

10.99 

SOFR+575 

2,345 

2,316 

2,322 

Hancock Roofing and Construction L.L.C. 
 
 12/31/2026 
 
 Insurance 

10.92 

SOFR+560 

2,250 

2,217 

2,194 

Holdco Sands Intermediate, LLC 
 
 11/23/2028 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

11.32 

SOFR+585 

4,913 

4,838 

4,913 

HW Holdco, LLC 
 
 12/10/2024 
 
 Media 

11.75 

SOFR+640 

3,014 

2,988 

2,968 

Imagine Acquisitionco, LLC 
 
 11/15/2027 
 
 Software 

10.72 

SOFR+535 

9,248 

9,075 

9,110 

Inception Fertility Ventures, LLC 
 
 12/31/2024 
 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 

12.51 

SOFR+715 

16,453 

16,257 

16,453 

Infinity Home Services Holdco, Inc. 
 
 12/28/2028 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 

12.24 

SOFR+685 

6,090 

5,979 

6,090 

Integrated Data Services 
 
 8/1/2029 
 
 Business Services 

11.87 

SOFR+650 

18,904 

18,532 

18,463 

Integrative Nutrition, LLC 
 
 1/31/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

12.54 

SOFR+700 

11,105 

11,083 

10,439 

(PIK 2.25 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 
 
 8/27/2026 
 
 Insurance 

11.57 

SOFR+575 

5,906 

5,851 

5,847 

Inventus Power, Inc. 
 
 6/30/2025 
 
 Consumer Goods: Durable 

12.93 

SOFR+761 

8,246 

8,097 

8,081 

ITI Holdings, Inc. 
 
 3/3/2028 
 
 IT Services 

11.06 

SOFR+560 

3,940 

3,886 

3,861 

K2 Pure Solutions NoCal, L.P. 
 
 12/20/2023 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 

13.42 

SOFR+810 

15,509 

15,487 

15,509 

Kinetic Purchaser, LLC 
 
 11/10/2027 
 
 Personal Products 

11.54 

SOFR+615 

16,662 

16,346 

16,412 

Lash OpCo, LLC 
 
 2/18/2027 
 
 Personal Products 

12.13 

SOFR+675 

14,210 

13,989 

14,068 

LAV Gear Holdings, Inc. 
 
 10/31/2024 
 
 Capital Equipment 

11.74 

SOFR+643 

15,042 

14,997 

14,862 

Lightspeed Buyer Inc. 
 
 2/3/2026 
 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 

10.70 

SOFR+535 

12,056 

11,911 

11,935 

LJ Avalon Holdings, LLC 
 
 1/31/2030 
 
 Environmental Industries 

11.77 

SOFR+640 

2,585 

2,537 

2,534 

Loving Tan Intermediate II, Inc. 
 
 5/26/2028 
 
 Consumer Products 

12.39 

SOFR+700 

7,481 

7,337 

7,369 

Lucky Bucks, LLC (4) 
 
 7/20/2027 
 
 Hotel, Gaming and Leisure 

0.00 

4,489 

4,207 

1,182 

Lucky Bucks. LLC - OpCo DIP Loans 
 
 9/30/2025 
 
 Hotel, Gaming and Leisure 

15.33 

SOFR+1000 

160 

158 

160 

MAG DS Corp 
 
 4/1/2027 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

10.99 

SOFR+550 

2,097 

2,007 

1,986 

Magenta Buyer, LLC 
 
 7/31/2028 
 
 Software 

10.63 

SOFR+500 

3,006 

2,845 

2,228 

Marketplace Events, LLC - Super Priority First Lien Term Loan 
 
 9/30/2025 
 
 Media: Diversified and Production 

10.94 

SOFR+525 

647 

647 

647 

Marketplace Events, LLC - Super Priority First Lien Unfunded Term Loan (3) 
 
 9/30/2025 
 
 Media: Diversified and Production 

589 

- 

- 

Marketplace Events, LLC 
 
 9/30/2026 
 
 Media: Diversified and Production 

10.94 

SOFR+525 

4,837 

3,782 

4,837 

Mars Acquisition Holdings Corp. 
 
 5/14/2026 
 
 Media 

11.04 

SOFR+565 

11,588 

11,476 

11,472 

MBS Holdings, Inc. 
 
 4/16/2027 
 
 Internet Software and Services 

11.17 

SOFR+585 

7,859 

7,758 

7,749 

MDI Buyer, Inc. 
 
 7/25/2028 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 

11.32 

SOFR+600 

6,380 

6,271 

6,244 

Meadowlark Acquirer, LLC 
 
 12/10/2027 
 
 Professional Services 

11.04 

SOFR+565 

2,372 

2,336 

2,312 

52 

Below is a listing of PSSL s individual investments as of September 30, 2023 (continued): 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 

Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 

Par / Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

Mission Critical Electronics, Inc. 
 
 3/28/2024 

Capital Equipment 

11.29 

SOFR+515 

5,769 

5,763 

5,740 

Municipal Emergency Services, Inc. 
 
 9/28/2027 

Distributors 

11.04 

SOFR+565 

3,430 

3,380 

3,355 

NBH Group LLC 
 
 8/19/2026 

Healthcare, Education Childcare 

10.93 

SOFR+525 

10,711 

10,572 

10,497 

Neptune Flood Incorporated 
 
 5/9/2029 

Insurance 

11.97 

SOFR+650 

5,042 

4,970 

5,042 

New Milani Group LLC 
 
 6/6/2024 

Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 

10.92 

SOFR+550 

14,213 

14,194 

14,213 

One Stop Mailing, LLC 
 
 5/7/2027 

Air Freight and Logistics 

11.68 

SOFR+636 

15,849 

15,588 

15,849 

ORL Acquisitions, Inc. 
 
 9/3/2027 

Consumer Finance 

12.84 

SOFR+725 

2,223 

2,202 

2,023 

Output Services Group, Inc. (4) 
 
 6/27/2026 

Business Services 

0.00 

7,759 

7,689 

1,513 

Owl Acquisition, LLC 
 
 2/4/2028 

Professional Services 

10.80 

SOFR+575 

3,893 

3,832 

3,834 

Ox Two, LLC 
 
 5/18/2026 

Construction and Building 

12.90 

SOFR+751 

4,345 

4,306 

4,269 

Peaquod Merger Sub, Inc. 
 
 12/2/2026 

Diversified Financial Services 

11.79 

SOFR+640 

11,474 

11,267 

11,244 

PH Beauty Holdings III, Inc. 
 
 9/29/2025 

Wholesale 

10.68 

SOFR+500 

9,493 

9,282 

7,974 

PL Acquisitionco, LLC 
 
 11/9/2027 

Textiles, Apparel and Luxury Goods 

12.42 

SOFR+710 

7,565 

7,467 

6,809 

(PIK 4.00 

PlayPower, Inc. 
 
 5/8/2026 

Consumer Goods: Durable 

10.57 

SOFR+565 

2,551 

2,491 

2,436 

Pragmatic Institute, LLC 
 
 7/6/2028 

Education 

11.17 

SOFR+575 

11,138 

10,999 

10,636 

Quantic Electronics, LLC 
 
 11/19/2026 

Aerospace and Defense 

11.74 

SOFR+635 

2,803 

2,776 

2,761 

Rancho Health MSO, Inc. 
 
 12/18/2025 

Healthcare Providers and Services 

11.22 

SOFR+585 

1,029 

1,029 

1,029 

Reception Purchaser, LLC 
 
 2/28/2028 

Air Freight and Logistics 

11.54 

SOFR+600 

4,938 

4,876 

4,740 

Recteq, LLC 
 
 1/29/2026 

Leisure Products 

12.54 

SOFR+700 

4,875 

4,825 

4,729 

Research Now Group, LLC and Dynata, LLC 
 
 12/20/2024 

Diversified Consumer Services 

11.13 

SOFR+576 

12,432 

12,322 

10,878 

Rural Sourcing Holdings, Inc. (HPA SPQ Merger Sub, Inc.) 
 
 6/15/2029 

High Tech Industries 

11.52 

SOFR+625 

3,749 

3,676 

3,692 

Sales Benchmark Index LLC 
 
 1/3/2025 

Professional Services 

11.59 

SOFR+620 

9,522 

9,474 

9,475 

Sargent Greenleaf Inc. 
 
 12/20/2024 

Wholesale 

12.92 

SOFR+760 

5,167 

5,148 

5,116 

(PIK 1.00 

Schlesinger Global, Inc. 
 
 7/14/2025 

Business Services 

12.52 

SOFR+715 

11,791 

11,777 

11,407 

(PIK 0.50 

Seaway Buyer, LLC 
 
 6/13/2029 

Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 

11.54 

SOFR+615 

4,950 

4,884 

4,802 

Sigma Defense Systems, LLC 
 
 12/18/2025 

Aerospace and Defense 

14.04 

SOFR+865 

13,787 

13,579 

13,580 

Skopima Consilio Parent, LLC 
 
 5/17/2028 

Business Services 

9.93 

SOFR+450 

1,300 

1,274 

1,272 

Smile Brands Inc. 
 
 10/14/2025 

Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 

9.70 

SOFR+450 

11,796 

11,739 

10,598 

Solutionreach, Inc. 
 
 7/17/2025 

Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 

12.37 

SOFR+700 

4,582 

4,577 

4,563 

Spendmend Holdings LLC 
 
 3/1/2028 

Healthcare Technology 

11.04 

SOFR+565 

4,112 

4,047 

4,022 

STV Group Incorporated 
 
 12/11/2026 

Construction and Building 

10.67 

SOFR+535 

9,075 

9,025 

8,894 

Summit Behavioral Healthcare, LLC 
 
 11/24/2028 

Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 

10.43 

SOFR+475 

1,786 

1,696 

1,779 

System Planning and Analysis, Inc. (f/k/a Management Consulting Research, LLC) 
 
 8/16/2027 

Aerospace and Defense 

11.49 

SOFR+600 

14,738 

14,540 

14,575 

Team Services Group, LLC 
 
 11/24/2028 

Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 

10.75 

SOFR+500 

346 

333 

339 

Teneo Holdings LLC 
 
 7/18/2025 

Business Services 

10.67 

SOFR+535 

2,262 

2,261 

2,259 

The Aegis Technologies Group, LLC 
 
 10/31/2025 

Aerospace and Defense 

12.04 

SOFR+665 

5,602 

5,560 

5,518 

The Bluebird Group LLC 
 
 7/27/2026 

Professional Services 

12.79 

SOFR+700 

5,403 

5,336 

5,382 

The Vertex Companies, LLC 
 
 8/31/2027 

Construction and Engineering 

11.72 

SOFR+635 

7,716 

7,591 

7,656 

TPC Canada Parent, Inc. and TPC US Parent, LLC 
 
 11/24/2025 

Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 

10.95 

SOFR+565 

8,654 

8,556 

8,654 

TWS Acquisition Corporation 
 
 6/16/2025 

Diversified Consumer Services 

11.80 

SOFR+625 

4,316 

4,310 

4,316 

Tyto Athene, LLC 
 
 4/1/2028 

IT Services 

10.90 

SOFR+550 

14,670 

14,565 

13,379 

Urology Management Holdings, Inc. 
 
 6/15/2026 

Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 

11.79 

SOFR+665 

6,892 

6,775 

6,749 

Walker Edison Furniture Company LLC 
 
 3/31/2027 

Wholesale 

12.18 

SOFR+685 

3,521 

3,521 

3,521 

Walker Edison Furniture Company LLC - Junior Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 3/31/2027 

Wholesale 

11.68 

SOFR+635 

1,667 

1,667 

1,667 

Walker Edison Furniture Company LLC - DDTL - Unfunded (3) 
 
 3/31/2027 

Wholesale 

333 

- 

- 

Wildcat Buyerco, Inc. 
 
 2/27/2026 

Electronic Equipment, Instruments, and Components 

10.54 

SOFR+515 

10,565 

10,491 

10,460 

Zips Car Wash, LLC 
 
 3/1/2024 

Automobiles 

12.67 

SOFR+735 

16,732 

16,660 

16,188 

Total First Lien Secured Debt 

801,215 

783,598 

Equity Securities - 3.9 

New MPE Holdings, LLC 

Media: Diversified and Production 

- 

- 

495 

Walker Edison Furniture - Common Equity 

Wholesale 

36 

3,393 

1,766 

Total Equity Securities 

3,393 

2,261 

Total Investments - 1,351.4 

804,608 

785,859 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - 133.2 

BlackRock Federal FD Institutional 30 

77,446 

77,446 

Total Cash and Cash Equivalents 

77,446 

77,446 

Total Investments and Cash Equivalents 1,485.4 

882,054 

863,305 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets (1,385.4) 

(805,155) 

Members' Equity 100.0 

58,150 

(1) Represents floating rate instruments that accrue interest at a predetermined spread relative to an index, typically the applicable Secured Overnight Financing Rate or SOFR , or Prime rate or P . The spread may change based on the type of rate used. The terms in the Consolidated Schedule of Investments disclose the actual interest rate in effect as of the reporting period. LIBOR loans are typically indexed to a 30-day, 60-day, 90-day or 180-day SOFR rate (1M S, 2M S, 3M S, or 6M S, respectively), at the borrower s option. All securities are subject to a SOFR or Prime rate floor where a spread is provided, unless noted. The spread provided includes PIK interest and other fee rates, if any. 

(2) Valued based on PSSL s accounting policy. 

(3) Represents the purchase of a security with a delayed settlement or a revolving line of credit that is currently an unfunded investment. This security does not earn a basis point spread above an index while it is unfunded. 

(4) Security currently on interest non-accrual status. 

53 

Below is a listing of PSSL s individual investments as of September 30, 2022 (Par and in thousands): 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 
 
 Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 
 
 Par 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

First Lien Secured Debt - 1,330.4 

Ad.net Acquisition, LLC 
 
 5/6/2026 
 
 Media 

9.67 

3M L+600 

8,888 

8,788 

8,821 

Alpine Acquisition Corp II 
 
 11/30/2026 
 
 Containers and Packaging 

8.22 

SOFR+600 

9,975 

9,790 

9,576 

Altamira Technologies, LLC 
 
 7/24/2025 
 
 Business Services 

10.81 

3M L+800 

5,225 

5,113 

5,042 

American Insulated Glass, LLC 
 
 12/21/2023 
 
 Building Products 

7.79 

3M L+550 

4,883 

4,851 

4,883 

Anteriad, LLC (f/k/a MeritDirect, LLC) 
 
 5/23/2024 
 
 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 

9.67 

3M L+550 

5,284 

5,208 

5,284 

Any Hour Services 
 
 7/21/2027 
 
 Professional Services 

8.33 

3M L+525 

3,510 

3,441 

3,440 

Apex Service Partners, LLC 
 
 7/31/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

6.72 

1M L+525 

1,010 

1,010 

1,005 

Apex Service Partners, LLC Term Loan B 
 
 7/31/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

9.67 

3M L+625 

2,202 

2,202 

2,191 

Apex Service Partners, LLC Term Loan C 
 
 7/31/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

7.86 

3M L+525 

11,115 

11,050 

11,059 

Applied Technical Services, LLC 
 
 12/29/2026 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 

8.76 

3M L+575 

8,421 

8,317 

8,211 

Arcfield Acquisition Corp. 
 
 3/7/2028 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

8.99 

SOFR + 575 

4,677 

4,588 

4,583 

Beta Plus Technologies, Inc. 
 
 7/1/2029 
 
 Business Services 

7.76 

SOFR + 525 

5,000 

4,903 

4,900 

Blackhawk Industrial Distribution, Inc. 
 
 9/17/2024 
 
 Distributors 

8.62 

SOFR + 500 

15,293 

15,102 

14,956 

Broder Bros., Co. 
 
 12/2/2022 
 
 Consumer Products 

7.39 

3M L+600 

2,417 

2,417 

2,417 

By Light Professional IT Services, LLC 
 
 5/16/2024 
 
 High Tech Industries 

9.20 

1M L+662 

14,822 

14,771 

14,674 

Cadence Aerospace, LLC 
 
 11/14/2023 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

11.31 

3M L+325 

12,412 

12,385 

12,288 

(PIK 11.31 

Cartessa Aesthetics, LLC 
 
 5/13/2028 
 
 Distributors 

9.55 

SOFR + 600 

6,484 

6,359 

6,386 

CF512, Inc. 
 
 8/20/2026 
 
 Media 

9.08 

3M L+600 

4,950 

4,866 

4,876 

CHA Holdings, Inc. 
 
 4/10/2025 
 
 Construction and Engineering 

8.17 

3M L+450 

5,557 

5,487 

5,557 

Challenger Performance Optimization, Inc. 
 
 8/31/2023 
 
 Business Services 

9.27 

1M L+575 

9,271 

9,247 

8,993 

(PIK 1.00 

Connatix Buyer, Inc. 
 
 7/13/2027 
 
 Media 

8.42 

3M L+550 

3,907 

3,842 

3,810 

Crane 1 Services, Inc. 
 
 8/16/2027 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 

9.39 

3M L+575 

2,110 

2,084 

2,089 

Douglas Products and Packaging Company LLC 
 
 10/19/2022 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 

8.87 

3M L+575 

8,655 

8,653 

8,655 

Douglas Sewer Intermediate, LLC 
 
 10/19/2022 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 

8.87 

3M L+575 

7,248 

7,246 

7,248 

Dr. Squatch, LLC 
 
 8/31/2027 
 
 Personal Products 

9.42 

3M L+575 

14,862 

14,610 

14,639 

DRI Holding Inc. 
 
 12/21/2028 
 
 Media 

8.37 

1M L+525 

1,832 

1,680 

1,643 

DRS Holdings III, Inc. 
 
 11/3/2025 
 
 Consumer Goods: Durable 

8.87 

1M L+575 

15,179 

15,103 

14,693 

Duraco Specialty Tapes LLC 
 
 6/30/2024 
 
 Containers and Packaging 

8.62 

1M L+550 

10,278 

10,151 

10,031 

ECL Entertainment, LLC 
 
 5/1/2028 
 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 

10.62 

3M L+750 

2,621 

2,598 

2,581 

ECM Industries, LLC 
 
 12/23/2025 
 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments, and Components 

7.82 

3M L+475 

4,974 

4,974 

4,738 

Exigo Intermediate II, LLC 
 
 3/15/2027 
 
 Software 

8.87 

1M L+575 

12,935 

12,759 

12,644 

Fairbanks Morse Defense 
 
 6/17/2028 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

8.39 

3M L+475 

10,300 

10,238 

9,528 

Gantech Acquisition Corp. 
 
 5/14/2026 
 
 IT Services 

9.37 

1M L+625 

14,638 

14,427 

14,199 

Global Holdings InterCo LLC 
 
 3/16/2026 
 
 Diversified Financial Services 

8.74 

3M L+600 

3,904 

3,888 

3,728 

Graffiti Buyer, Inc. 
 
 8/10/2027 
 
 Trading Companies Distributors 

9.17 

3M L+550 

2,369 

2,320 

2,274 

Hancock Roofing and Construction L.L.C. 
 
 12/31/2026 
 
 Insurance 

8.67 

1M L+500 

2,392 

2,347 

2,356 

Holdco Sands Intermediate, LLC 
 
 11/23/2028 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

10.17 

3M L+600 

4,963 

4,874 

4,863 

HW Holdco, LLC 
 
 12/10/2024 
 
 Media 

6.00 

6M L+575 

3,052 

3,006 

3,014 

Icon Partners III, LP 
 
 5/11/2028 
 
 Automobiles 

7.55 

3M L+450 

2,327 

1,997 

1,701 

IDC Infusion Services, Inc. 
 
 12/30/2026 
 
 Healthcare Equipment and Supplies 

10.20 

SOFR+700 

9,950 

9,833 

9,502 

Imagine Acquisitionco, LLC 
 
 11/15/2027 
 
 Software 

8.42 

1M L+550 

5,364 

5,261 

5,230 

Inception Fertility Ventures, LLC 
 
 12/7/2023 
 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 

8.55 

SOFR+700 

16,620 

16,309 

16,454 

Integrative Nutrition, LLC 
 
 9/29/2023 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

8.42 

3M L+475 

11,187 

11,168 

10,963 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 
 
 8/27/2025 
 
 Insurance 

7.58 

1M L+550 

5,966 

5,885 

5,906 

ITI Holdings, Inc. 
 
 3/3/2028 
 
 IT Services 

8.67 

SOFR + 550 

3,980 

3,917 

3,900 

K2 Pure Solutions NoCal, L.P. 
 
 12/20/2023 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 

11.12 

1M L+800 

19,250 

19,103 

19,250 

Kinetic Purchaser, LLC 
 
 11/10/2027 
 
 Personal Products 

9.67 

3M L+600 

16,830 

16,451 

16,494 

Lash OpCo, LLC 
 
 2/18/2027 
 
 Personal Products 

11.17 

3M L+700 

14,355 

14,074 

14,068 

LAV Gear Holdings, Inc. 
 
 10/31/2024 
 
 Capital Equipment 

9.70 

3M L+550 

10,578 

10,539 

10,335 

(PIK 2.00 

Lightspeed Buyer Inc. 
 
 2/3/2026 
 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 

9.04 

3M L+575 

10,598 

10,428 

10,254 

Lucky Bucks, LLC 
 
 7/20/2027 
 
 Hotel, Gaming and Leisure 

8.31 

3M L+550 

4,331 

4,258 

3,183 

Magenta Buyer, LLC 
 
 7/31/2028 
 
 Software 

7.87 

1M L+475 

2,695 

2,539 

2,425 

Marketplace Events, LLC - Super Priority First Lien Term Loan 
 
 9/30/2025 
 
 Media: Diversified and Production 

8.19 

1M L+525 

647 

647 

647 

Marketplace Events, LLC - Super Priority First Lien Unfunded Term Loan (3) 
 
 9/30/2025 
 
 Media: Diversified and Production 

589 

- 

- 

Marketplace Events, LLC 
 
 9/30/2026 
 
 Media: Diversified and Production 

8.19 

1M L+525 

4,837 

3,527 

4,837 

Mars Acquisition Holdings Corp. 
 
 5/14/2026 
 
 Media 

8.62 

1M L+550 

9,900 

9,782 

9,851 

MBS Holdings, Inc. 
 
 4/16/2027 
 
 Internet Software and Services 

8.56 

3M L+575 

7,406 

7,296 

7,332 

MDI Buyer, Inc. 
 
 7/25/2028 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 

8.98 

3M L+500 

5,000 

4,902 

4,900 

Meadowlark Acquirer, LLC 
 
 12/10/2027 
 
 Professional Services 

9.17 

3M L+650 

2,396 

2,353 

2,372 

Mission Critical Electronics, Inc. 
 
 3/28/2024 
 
 Capital Equipment 

8.70 

SOFR+500 

5,829 

5,817 

5,759 

Municipal Emergency Services, Inc. 
 
 9/28/2027 
 
 Distributors 

8.67 

3M L+500 

3,465 

3,405 

3,264 

NBH Group LLC 
 
 8/19/2026 
 
 Healthcare, Education Childcare 

7.80 

1M L+550 

10,820 

10,641 

10,820 

New Milani Group LLC 
 
 6/6/2024 
 
 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 

7.75 

3M L+500 

14,363 

14,319 

14,111 

OIS Management Services, LLC 
 
 7/9/2026 
 
 Healthcare Equipment and Supplies 

8.40 

SOFR+475 

5,060 

4,991 

5,060 

One Stop Mailing, LLC 
 
 5/7/2027 
 
 Air Freight and Logistics 

9.37 

1M L+625 

14,598 

14,353 

14,160 

Output Services Group, Inc. 
 
 3/27/2024 
 
 Business Services 

9.80 

3M L+425 

7,682 

7,676 

5,838 

Owl Acquisition, LLC 
 
 2/4/2028 
 
 Professional Services 

8.41 

3M L+575 

3,990 

3,918 

3,890 

Ox Two, LLC 
 
 5/18/2026 
 
 Construction and Building 

9.81 

3M L+600 

4,925 

4,866 

4,827 

PH Beauty Holdings III, Inc. 
 
 9/29/2025 
 
 Wholesale 

8.07 

1M L+500 

9,593 

9,234 

7,674 

PL Acquisitionco, LLC 
 
 11/9/2027 
 
 Textiles, Apparel and Luxury Goods 

9.62 

1M L+650 

8,238 

8,111 

8,032 

Plant Health Intermediate, Inc. 
 
 10/19/2022 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 

8.87 

3M L+575 

1,562 

1,561 

1,562 

PlayPower, Inc. 
 
 5/8/2026 
 
 Consumer Goods: Durable 

9.17 

3M L+550 

2,580 

2,500 

2,309 

Pragmatic Institute, LLC 
 
 7/6/2028 
 
 Education 

9.30 

SOFR+575 

11,250 

11,056 

11,138 

Quantic Electronics, LLC 
 
 11/19/2026 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

8.41 

1M L+625 

4,845 

4,755 

4,729 

Quantic Electronics, LLC - Unfunded Term Loan (3) 
 
 11/19/2026 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

1,888 

- 

- 

Reception Purchaser, LLC 
 
 2/28/2028 
 
 Air Freight and Logistics 

9.13 

SOFR+600 

4,975 

4,904 

4,751 

Recteq, LLC 
 
 1/29/2026 
 
 Leisure Products 

9.92 

3M L+600 

4,925 

4,856 

4,753 

Research Now Group, LLC and Dynata, LLC 
 
 12/20/2024 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

8.84 

3M L+550 

12,564 

12,354 

11,291 

54 

Below is a listing of PSSL s individual investments as of September 30, 2022 (continued): 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 

Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 

Par / Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

Sales Benchmark Index LLC 
 
 1/3/2025 

Professional Services 

9.67 

3M L+600 

5,013 

4,960 

4,963 

Sargent Greenleaf Inc. 
 
 12/20/2024 

Wholesale 

8.62 

3M L+550 

5,240 

5,202 

5,187 

Schlesinger Global, Inc. 
 
 7/14/2025 

Business Services 

10.27 

SOFR+500 

11,847 

11,829 

11,551 

(PIK 0.50 

Sigma Defense Systems, LLC 
 
 12/18/2025 

Aerospace and Defense 

12.17 

1M L+850 

14,716 

14,411 

14,421 

Smile Brands Inc. 
 
 10/14/2025 

Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 

7.05 

3M L+450 

11,917 

11,807 

11,470 

Solutionreach, Inc. 
 
 1/17/2024 

Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 

8.87 

1M L+575 

5,647 

5,625 

5,511 

Spendmend Holdings LLC 
 
 3/1/2028 

Healthcare Technology 

8.63 

SOFR+575 

2,956 

2,916 

2,873 

STV Group Incorporated 
 
 12/11/2026 

Construction and Building 

8.37 

3M L+525 

9,075 

9,011 

8,985 

System Planning and Analysis, Inc. (f/k/a Management Consulting Research, LLC) 
 
 8/16/2027 

Aerospace and Defense 

8.73 

SOFR+600 

14,888 

14,623 

14,649 

Teneo Holdings LLC 
 
 7/18/2025 

Business Services 

8.38 

3M L+625 

2,786 

2,757 

2,623 

The Aegis Technologies Group, LLC 
 
 10/31/2025 

Aerospace and Defense 

9.55 

3M L+500 

5,659 

5,600 

5,603 

The Bluebird Group LLC 
 
 7/27/2026 

Professional Services 

10.67 

1M L+700 

1,707 

1,679 

1,724 

The Infosoft Group, LLC 
 
 9/16/2024 

Media: Broadcasting and Subscription 

8.47 

3M L+525 

12,957 

12,952 

12,859 

The Vertex Companies, LLC 
 
 8/30/2027 

Construction and Engineering 

8.62 

1M L+550 

5,578 

5,479 

5,550 

TPC Canada Parent, Inc. and TPC US Parent, LLC 
 
 11/24/2025 

Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 

8.30 

3M L+475 

8,744 

8,604 

8,482 

TVC Enterprises, LLC 
 
 3/26/2026 

Diversified Consumer Services 

8.87 

3M L+550 

14,952 

14,871 

14,578 

TWS Acquisition Corporation 
 
 6/16/2025 

Diversified Consumer Services 

8.76 

3M L+625 

5,468 

5,450 

5,441 

Tyto Athene, LLC (New Issue) 
 
 4/1/2028 

IT Services 

7.76 

3M L+550 

15,550 

15,421 

14,446 

UBEO, LLC 
 
 4/3/2024 

Capital Equipment 

8.17 

3M L+450 

17,390 

17,305 

17,129 

Unique Indoor Comfort, LLC 
 
 5/24/2027 

Home and Office Furnishings, Housewares 

8.95 

SOFR+525 

4,975 

4,880 

4,866 

Walker Edison Furniture Company LLC 
 
 3/31/2027 

Wholesale 

12.42 

3M L+575 

12,684 

12,438 

8,473 

(PIK 3.0 

Wildcat Buyerco, Inc. 
 
 2/27/2026 

Electronic Equipment, Instruments, and Components 

9.45 

SOFR+550 

8,546 

8,506 

8,261 

Zips Car Wash, LLC 
 
 3/1/2024 

Automobiles 

10.35 

3M L+725 

16,957 

16,711 

16,536 

Total First Lien Secured Debt 

767,316 

751,628 

Second Lien Secured Debt - 5.2 

Inventus Power, Inc. 
 
 9/29/2024 

Consumer Goods: Durable 

12.17 

3M L+850 

3,000 

2,963 

2,955 

Total Second Lien Secured Debt 

2,963 

2,955 

Equity Securities - 0.3 

New MPE Holdings, LLC 

Media: Diversified and Production 

139 

Total Equity Securities 

139 

Total Investments - 1,335.9 

770,280 

754,722 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - 53.4 

BlackRock Federal FD Institutional 30 

30,152 

30,152 

Total Cash and Cash Equivalents 

30,152 

30,152 

Total Investments and Cash Equivalents 1,389.26 

800,432 

784,874 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets (1,289.26) 

(728,378) 

Members' Equity 100.0 

56,496 

(1) Represents floating rate instruments that accrue interest at a predetermined spread relative to an index, typically the applicable LIBOR, or L , Secured Overnight Financing Rate or SOFR , or Prime rate or P . The spread may change based on the type of rate used. The terms in the Consolidated Schedule of Investments disclose the actual interest rate in effect as of the reporting period. LIBOR loans are typically indexed to a 30-day, 60-day, 90-day or 180-day SOFR rate (1M S, 2M S, 3M S, or 6M S, respectively), at the borrower s option. All securities are subject to a SOFR or Prime rate floor where a spread is provided, unless noted. The spread provided includes PIK interest and other fee rates, if any. 

(2) Valued based on PSSL s accounting policy. 

(3) Represents the purchase of a security with a delayed settlement or a revolving line of credit that is currently an unfunded investment. This security does not earn a basis point spread above an index while it is unfunded. 

Below are the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities for PSSL in thousands): 

September 30, 2023 

September 30, 2022 

Assets 

Investments at fair value (amortized cost 804,608 and 770,280, respectively) 

785,859 

754,722 

Cash and cash equivalents (cost 77,446 and 30,152, respectively) 

77,446 

30,152 

Interest receivable 

5,179 

3,025 

Receivable for investment sold 

3,637 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

490 

1,722 

Due from affiliate 

436 

3,553 

Total assets 

869,410 

796,811 

Liabilities 

Credit facility payable 

48,600 

259,500 

2032 Asset-backed debt, net (par 246,000) 

243,973 

243,365 

2035 Asset-backed debt, net (par 246,000) 

243,483 

Notes payable to members 

240,100 

217,350 

Interest payable on Credit facility and asset backed debt 

14,291 

3,817 

Payable for investments purchased 

13,466 

10,414 

Interest payable on notes to members 

6,488 

4,719 

Accrued expenses 

859 

1,150 

Total liabilities 

811,260 

740,315 

Commitments and contingencies 

Members' equity 

58,150 

56,496 

Total liabilities and members' equity 

869,410 

796,811 

55 

(1) As of both September 30, 2023 and 2022, PSSL had 1.1 million and 2.5 million unfunded commitments to fund investments, respectively. 

Below are the consolidated statements of operations for PSSL in thousands): 

Year Ended September 30, 

2023 

2022 

Investment income: 

Interest 

89,547 

53,006 

Other income 

1,297 

1,188 

Total investment income 

90,844 

54,194 

Expenses: 

Interest and expense on credit facility and asset-backed debt 

42,797 

18,410 

Interest expense on notes to members 

30,325 

17,468 

Administration fees 

2,103 

1,835 

General and administrative expenses 

1,116 

1,156 

Total expenses 

76,341 

38,869 

Net investment income 

14,503 

15,325 

Realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments: 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments 

(6,328) 

(14,948) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

(3,171) 

(3,695) 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments 

(9,499) 

(18,643) 

Net increase (decrease) in members' equity resulting from operations 

5,004 

(3,318) 

(1) No management or incentive fees are payable by PSSL. If any fees were to be charged, they would be separately disclosed in the Statements of Operations. 

Distributions 
 In order to be treated as a RIC for federal income tax purposes and to not be subject to corporate-level tax on undistributed income or gains, we are required, under Subchapter M of the Code, to annually distribute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to our stockholders out of the assets legally available for distribution of an amount generally at least equal to 90 of investment company taxable income, determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid. 
 
 Although not required for us to maintain our RIC tax status, in order to preclude the imposition of a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax imposed on RICs, we must distribute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to our stockholders in respect of each calendar year an amount at least equal to the Excise Tax Avoidance Requirement. In addition, although we may distribute realized net capital gains (i.e., net long-term capital gains in excess of net short-term capital losses), if any, at least annually, out of the assets legally available for such distributions in the manner described above, we have retained and may continue to retain such net capital gains or investment company taxable income, subject to maintaining our ability to be taxed as a RIC, in order to provide us with additional liquidity. 
 During the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, we declared distributions of 1.19 per share and 1.14 per share, respectively, for total distributions of 60.5 million and 46.7 million, respectively. We monitor available net investment income to determine if a return of capital for tax purposes may occur for the fiscal year. To the extent our taxable earnings fall below the total amount of our distributions for any given fiscal year, stockholders will be notified of the portion of those distributions deemed to be a tax return of capital. Tax characteristics of all distributions will be reported to stockholders subject to information reporting on Form 1099-DIV after the end of each calendar year and in our periodic reports filed with the SEC. 
 We intend to continue to make monthly distributions to our stockholders. Our monthly distributions, if any, are determined by our board of directors quarterly. 
 
 On November 22, 2017, we terminated our dividend reinvestment plan. The termination of the plan applies to the reinvestment of cash distributions paid on or after December 22, 2017. 
 We may not be able to achieve operating results that will allow us to make distributions at a specific level or to increase the amount of these distributions from time to time. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make distributions due to the asset coverage ratio for borrowings applicable to us as a BDC under the 1940 Act and due to provisions in future credit facilities. If we do not distribute at least a certain percentage of our income annually, we could suffer adverse tax consequences, including possible loss of our ability to be subject to tax as a RIC. We cannot assure stockholders that they will receive any distributions at a particular level. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting. The guidance provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contract modifications, hedging relationships and other transactions, subject to meeting certain criteria, that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of the reference rate reform. ASU 2020-04 is effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. The FASB approved an (optional) two year extension to December 31, 2024, for transitioning away from LIBOR. The Company utilized the optional expedients and exceptions provided by ASU 2020-04 during the year ended September 30, 2023, the effect of which was not material to the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. 
 In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) , which is intended to address issues identified during the post-implementation review of ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . The amendment, among other things, eliminates the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings by creditors in Subtopic 310-40, Receivables - Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors , while enhancing disclosure requirements for certain loan refinancings and restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. The new guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company has adopted the new accounting standard implementing appropriate controls and procedures, the effect which was not material to the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. 
 
 In June 2022, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2022-03, or ASU, 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions, or ASU 2022-03, which changed the fair value measurement disclosure requirements of ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, or ASC 820. The amendments clarify that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of the equity security and, therefore, is not considered in measuring fair value. The amendments also clarify that an entity cannot, as a separate unit of account, recognize and measure a contractual sale restriction. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods therein. 
 56 

Early application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this new accounting standard will have on its consolidated financial statements, but the impact of the adoption is not expected to be material. 
 57 

Item 7A.	Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. As of September 30, 2023, our debt portfolio consisted of 100 variable-rate investments. The variable-rate loans are usually based on a LIBOR, SOFR (or an alternative risk-free floating interest rate index) rate and typically have durations of three months, after which they reset to current market interest rates. Variable-rate investments subject to a floor generally reset by reference to the current market index after one to nine months only if the index exceeds the floor. In regards to variable-rate instruments with a floor, we do not benefit from increases in interest rates until such rates exceed the floor and thereafter benefit from market rates above any such floor. In contrast, our cost of funds, to the extent it is not fixed, will fluctuate with changes in interest rates since it has no floor. 
 Assuming that the most recent Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities was to remain constant, and no actions were taken to alter the existing interest rate sensitivity, the following table shows the annualized impact of hypothetical base rate changes in interest rates: 

Change in Interest Rates 
 
 Change in Interest Income, Net of Interest Expense (in thousands) 

Change in Interest Income, Net of Interest Expense Per Share 

Down 1 

(7,230) 

(0.12) 

Up 1 

7,230 

0.12 

Up 2 

14,461 

0.25 

Up 3 

21,691 

0.37 

Up 4 

28,929 

0.49 

Although management believes that this measure is indicative of our sensitivity to interest rate changes, it does not adjust for potential changes in the credit market, credit quality, size and composition of the assets on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities and other business developments that could affect net increase in net assets resulting from operations or net investment income. Accordingly, no assurances can be given that actual results would not differ materially from those shown above. 
 Because we borrow money to make investments, our net investment income is dependent upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest these funds, as well as our level of leverage. As a result, there can be no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income or net assets. 
 We may hedge against interest rate and foreign currency fluctuations by using standard hedging instruments such as futures, options and forward contracts or the Credit Facility subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act and applicable commodities laws. While hedging activities may insulate us against adverse changes in interest rates and foreign currencies, they may also limit our ability to participate in benefits of lower interest rates or higher exchange rates with respect to our portfolio of investments with fixed interest rates or investments denominated in foreign currencies. During the periods covered by this Report, we did not engage in interest rate hedging activities or foreign currency derivatives hedging activities. 
 58 

Item 8.	Consolidated Financial S tatements and Supplementary Data 

Page 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 60 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 61 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID - 
 
 62 

Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 64 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 
 65 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 
 66 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 
 67 

Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 68 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 79 

59 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 The management of PennantPark Floating Rate Capital, Ltd. (except where the context suggests otherwise, the terms we, us, our and PennantPark Floating refer to PennantPark Floating Rate Capital, Ltd. and its Subsidiaries) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f), and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023. Our internal control system is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. 
 
 PennantPark Floating s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions recorded necessary to permit the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our policies and procedures also provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of PennantPark Floating, and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company's annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of PennantPark Floating s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on such assessment management has determined that, as of September 30, 2023, we do not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting due to the material weaknesses described below. 
 
 A material weakness was identified in our internal control over financial reporting relating to procedures involving the operation of controls related to the review of quarterly cash and investment reconciliations. Additionally, a material weakness was identified in the operation of our internal controls over financial reporting relating to our review of interest income and non-accrual classification of investments. As a result of the material weaknesses, we performed additional analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K did not result in any material misstatements for the periods presented, other than the restatement discussed in Note 2 of the financial statements. If the material weaknesses are not remediate there is a possibility they could lead to a material misstatement of account balances or disclosures. Accordingly, management has concluded that these control deficiencies constitute a material weakness. 
 
 Management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, the Company s financial position, results of its operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for the periods presented. We believe that the audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are accurate. We have begun the process of, and we are focused on, further enhancing effective internal control measures to improve our internal control over financial reporting and remediate these material weaknesses. Our internal control remediation efforts include the following: 
 	Enhancing existing controls to ensure the appropriate review of the quarterly cash and investment reconciliation and that it is adequately documented so as to provide evidence that the controls are operating effectively; 
 	Enhancing existing controls to ensure that our internal controls over financial reporting relating to our analysis of interest income and assessment of investments for classification as non-accrual investments are operating effectively; and 
 	Enhancing policies and procedures to demonstrate a commitment to improving our overall control environment. 
 We believe our planned actions to enhance our processes and controls will address these material weaknesses, but these actions are subject to ongoing management evaluation, and we will need a period of execution to demonstrate remediation. We are committed to the continuous improvement of our internal control over financial reporting and will continue to diligently review our internal control over financial reporting. 
 60 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. and its Subsidiaries 

Opinion on the Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. and its Subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness described below on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities, including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements) of the Company and our report dated December 7, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements and included an emphasis of matter paragraph regarding the information presented in the financial statements for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, that have been restated to reclassify certain amounts presented therein. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weaknesses have been identified and included in management's assessment. Material weaknesses were identified in the operation of controls related to the Company s quarterly review of cash and investment par value and quantity reconciliations, the review of interest income earned, and the review of the non-accrual classification of investments. These material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2023, and this report does not affect our report dated December 7, 2023 on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ RSM US LLP 
 New York, New York 
 December 7, 2023 
 
 61 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 
 PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. and its Subsidiaries 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. and its Subsidiaries (the Company), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Our report dated December 7, 2023 expressed an opinion that the Company had not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 
 
 Emphasis of Matter 
 As discussed in Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements, the 2022 and 2021 financial statements have been restated to reclassify certain amounts presented within. 
 
 Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 by correspondence with the custodians and brokers or by other appropriate auditing procedures where replies from brokers were not received. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 
 The fair value of the Company s investments valued using Level 3 fair value measurements was approximately 1.0 billion as of September 30, 2023. The fair value of the Company s financial instruments classified as liabilities valued using Level 3 fair value measurements was approximately 85.6 million as of September 30, 2023. As discussed in Notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s investment portfolio generally consists of illiquid securities, including debt and equity investments, which were acquired directly from the issuer. Such investments include first lien secured debt, second lien secured debt, subordinated debt and equity investments. Additionally, the Company has elected to apply the fair value option to certain financial instruments classified as liabilities. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation. 
 
 We identified Level 3 fair value measurements as a critical audit matter due to the subjective nature of the judgments necessary for management to select valuation techniques and the use of significant unobservable inputs to estimate the fair value. Auditing the reasonableness of management s selection of valuation technique and the related unobservable inputs required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased audit effort, including the use of a valuation specialist. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following, among others: 
 
 We obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to management s valuation of Level 3 fair value measurements, including those related to valuation techniques and significant unobservable inputs and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness. 

62 

With the assistance of our valuation specialists, we evaluated the appropriateness of the selected valuation techniques, and any changes to selected valuation techniques from prior periods, used for Level 3 fair value measurements. For a sample of investments, we evaluated both the reasonableness of the significant unobservable inputs and the reasonableness of any significant changes in significant unobservable inputs from prior periods, when applicable, by comparing the unobservable inputs to external sources, including, but not limited to: 

o	Historical operating results of the investee. 
 o	Available market data for comparable companies. 
 o	Subsequent events and transactions, where available. 
 
 We tested both the source information used to determine the unobservable input and the mathematical accuracy of the calculation used to compute the unobservable input for a sample of investments. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2013. 
 December 7, 2023 
 
 63 

PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS O F ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

September 30, 2023 

September 30, 2022 

Assets 

Investments at fair value 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments (cost and , respectively) 

Controlled, affiliated investments (cost and , respectively) 

Total of investments (cost and , respectively) 

Cash and cash equivalents (cost and , respectively) 

Interest receivable 

Receivable for investments sold 

Distribution receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Distributions payable 

Payable for investments purchased 

Credit Facility payable, at fair value (cost and , respectively) (See Notes 5 and 11) 

2023 Notes payable, at fair value (par and , respectively) (See Notes 5 and 11) 

2026 Notes payable, net (par (See Notes 5 and 11) 

2031 Asset-Backed Debt, net (par (See Notes 5 and 11) 

Interest payable on debt 

Base management fee payable (See Note 3) 

Performance-based incentive fee payable (See Note 3) 

Accrued other expenses 

Deferred tax liability 

Due to Affiliates 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (See Note 12) 

Net assets 

Common stock, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively Par value per share and shares authorized 

Paid-in capital in excess of par value 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total net assets 

Total liabilities and net assets 

Net asset value per share 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 64 

PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

Years Ended September 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Investment income: 

From non-controlled, non-affiliated investments: 

Interest 

Dividend 

Other income 

From non-controlled, affiliated investments: 

Interest 

Other income 

From controlled, affiliated investments: 

Interest 

Dividend 

Other Income 

Total investment income 

Expenses: 

Base management fee (See Note 3) 

Performance-based incentive fee (See Note 3) 

Interest and expenses on debt (See Note 11) 

Administrative services expenses (See Note 3) 

Other general and administrative expenses 

Expenses before amendment costs, debt issuance costs and provision for taxes 

Credit Facility amendment costs and debt issuance costs (See Notes 5 and 11) 

Provision for taxes 

Total expenses 

Net investment income 

Realized and unrealized (loss) gain on investments and debt: 

Net realized gain (loss) on: 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 

() 

Non-controlled and controlled, affiliated investments 

() 

() 

Provision for taxes on realized gain on investments 

() 

Net realized loss on investments 

() 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on: 

Non-controlled, non-affiliated investments 

() 

() 

Controlled and non-controlled, affiliated investments 

() 

() 

Provision for taxes on unrealized appreciation on investments 

() 

Debt depreciation (appreciation) (See Note 5 and 11) 

() 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments and debt 

() 

() 

Net realized and unrealized (loss) gain from investments and debt 

() 

() 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations per common share (See Note 7) 

Net investment income per common share 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 65 

PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 
 (in thousands, except share issue data) 

Years Ended September 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Net increase in net assets from operations: 

Net investment income 

Net realized loss on investments 

() 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

() 

() 

Net change in provision for taxes on unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

() 

Net change in provision for taxes on realized gain on investments 

() 

Net change in unrealized depreciation on debt 

() 

() 

() 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Distributions to stockholders: 

Distribution of net investment income 

() 

() 

() 

Distribution of realized gains 

Total distributions to stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Capital transactions 

Public offering (See Note 1) 

Offering costs 

() 

() 

() 

Net increase in net assets resulting from capital transactions 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets 

Net assets: 

Beginning of year 

End of year 

Capital share activity: 

Shares issued from public offering 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 66 

PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEM ENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Years Ended September 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase in net assets resulting from operations to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments 

() 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on debt 

Net realized loss on investments 

Net accretion of discount and amortization of premium 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of investments 

() 

() 

() 

Payment-in-kind interest 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from dispositions of investments 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

(Increase) decrease in interest receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Decrease (increase) in receivable for investments sold 

() 

(Increase) decrease in dividend receivable 

() 

(Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

() 

Increase (Decrease) in payable for investments purchased 

() 

Increase (Decrease) in interest payable on debt 

(Decrease) increase in base management fee payable 

() 

() 

Increase (Decrease) in performance-based incentive fee payable 

() 

Increase (Decrease) in deferred tax liability 

() 

- 

Increase (Decrease) in accrued other expenses 

() 

() 

Increase (Decrease) in due to affiliates 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Public offering 

Offering costs 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions paid to stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

Repayment of 2023 Notes (See Notes 5 and 11) 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from 2026 Notes issuance (See Notes 5 and 11) 

Borrowings under Credit Facility (See Notes 5 and 11) 

Repayments under Credit Facility (See Notes 5 and 11) 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

() 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

Supplemental disclosures: 

Interest paid 

Taxes paid 

Non-cash exchanges and conversions 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 67 

PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHED ULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 
 
 Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 

Par / Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

Investments in Non-Controlled, Non-Affiliated Portfolio Companies (3), (4) 

First Lien Secured Debt 

A1 Garage Merger Sub, LLC 

A1 Garage Merger Sub, LLC - Unfunded Term Loan 

A1 Garage Merger Sub, LLC LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Ad.net Acquisition, LLC 

Ad.net Acquisition, LLC (Revolver) (7) 

Ad.net Acquisition, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Amsive Holding Corporation (f/k/a Vision Purchaser Corporation) 

Anteriad, LLC (f/k/a MeritDirect, LLC) 

Anteriad, LLC (f/k/a MeritDirect, LLC) - Incremental Term Loan 

Anteriad, LLC (f/k/a MeritDirect, LLC) (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Any Hour Services 

Any Hour Services (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Apex Service Partners, LLC 

Apex Service Partners, LLC Term Loan B 

Apex Service Partners, LLC Term Loan C 

Apex Service Partners, LLC (Revolver) (7) 

Apex Service Partners, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Applied Technical Services, LLC 

Applied Technical Services, LLC (Unfunded Term Loan) 

() 

Applied Technical Services, LLC (Revolver) (7) 

Applied Technical Services, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Arcfield Acquisition Corp. 

Arcfield Acquisition Corp. (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Beta Plus Technologies, Inc. 

BioDerm, Inc. (Revolver) (7) 

BioDerm, Inc. (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Blackhawk Industrial Distribution, Inc. 

Blackhawk Industrial Distribution, Inc. - Unfunded Term Loan 

() 

Blackhawk Industrial Distribution, Inc. (Revolver) (7) 

Blackhawk Industrial Distribution, Inc. (9) 

() 

Broder Bros., Co. 

By Light Professional IT Services, LLC 

By Light Professional IT Services, LLC (Revolver) (7)(9) 

() 

Cadence Aerospace, LLC (7) 

(PIK 

Cartessa Aesthetics, LLC 

Cartessa Aesthetics, LLC (Revolver) (7) 

Cartessa Aesthetics, LLC (Revolver) (7)(9) 

- 

CF512, Inc. 

CF512, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

CHA Holdings, Inc. 

Challenger Performance Optimization, Inc. 

Compex Legal Services, Inc. 

Compex Legal Services, Inc. (Revolver) (7) 

Compex Legal Services, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

Connatix Buyer, Inc. 

Connatix Buyer, Inc. (7), (9) 

() 

Crane 1 Services, Inc. 

Crane 1 Services, Inc. (Revolver) (7) 

Crane 1 Services, Inc. (Revolver) (7) 

() 

Dr. Squatch, LLC 

Dr. Squatch, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

DRS Holdings III, Inc. 

DRS Holdings III, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Duraco Specialty Tapes LLC 

ECL Entertainment, LLC 

eCommission Financial Services, Inc. (10) 

eCommission Financial Services, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9), (10) 

EDS Buyer, LLC - Unfunded Term Loan 

() 

EDS Buyer, LLC. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Efficient Collaborative Retail Marketing Company, LLC 

ETE Intermediate II, LLC (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Exigo Intermediate II, LLC (Revolver) (9) 

() 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 68 

PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Continued) 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 
 
 Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 

Par / Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

Five Star Buyer, Inc. 

Five Star Buyer, Inc. - DDTL B Unfunded 

() 

Five Star Buyer, Inc. (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Gauge ETE Blocker, LLC - Promissory Note 

Global Holdings InterCo LLC 

Graffiti Buyer, Inc. 

Graffiti Buyer, Inc. (7), (9) 

Graffiti Buyer, Inc. (Revolver) (7) 

Graffiti Buyer, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Hancock Roofing and Construction L.L.C. 

Hancock Roofing and Construction L.L.C. (Revolver) (7) 

Hancock Roofing and Construction L.L.C. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Holdco Sands Intermediate, LLC 

Holdco Sands Intermediate, LLC (Revolver) (9) 

HW Holdco, LLC 

HW Holdco, LLC (Revolver) 

HW Holdco, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

IG Investments Holdings, LLC (7) 

IG Investments Holdings, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Imagine Acquisitionco, LLC (9) 

() 

Imagine Acquisitionco, LLC (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Inception Fertility Ventures, LLC 

Infinity Home Services Holdco, Inc. 

Infinity Home Services Holdco, Inc. - Unfunded Term Loan 

Infinity Home Services Holdco, Inc. (Revolver) (9) 

Infolinks Media Buyco, LLC 

Infolinks Media Buyco, LLC- Unfunded Term Loan 

Integrated Data Services (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Integrative Nutrition, LLC 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC - Unfunded Term Loan 

() 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

ITI Holdings, Inc. (Revolver) 

ITI Holdings, Inc. (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Inventus Power, Inc. 

Inventus Power, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

K2 Pure Solutions NoCal, L.P. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

Kinetic Purchaser, LLC 

Kinetic Purchaser, LLC - (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Lash OpCo, LLC 

Lash OpCo, LLC (Revolver) (7) 

Lash OpCo, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

LAV Gear Holdings, Inc. 

(PIK 

LAV Gear Holdings, Inc. (Revolver) (7) 

(PIK 

Ledge Lounger, Inc. 

Ledge Lounger, Inc. (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Lightspeed Buyer Inc. 

Lightspeed Buyer Inc. (Revolver) (7) (9) 

() 

LJ Avalon Holdings, LLC 

LJ Avalon Holdings, LLC - Unfunded Term Loan 

() 

LJ Avalon Holdings, LLC (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Loving Tan Intermediate II, Inc. 

Loving Tan Intermediate II, Inc. (Revolver) 

Loving Tan Intermediate II, Inc. (Revolver) (7)(9) 

() 

Lucky Bucks, LLC (6) 

Lucky Bucks, LLC - DIP 

MAG DS Corp. 

Mars Acquisition Holdings Corp. 

Mars Acquisition Holdings Corp. (Revolver) (7)(9) 

() 

MBS Holdings, Inc. (Revolver) 

MBS Holdings, Inc. (Revolver) (7)(9) 

() 

MDI Buyer, Inc. 

MDI Buyer, inc. (Revolver) (7) 

MDI Buyer, inc. (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Meadowlark Acquirer, LLC 

Meadowlark Acquirer, LLC - Term Loan I (9) 

() 

Meadowlark Acquirer, LLC - Term Loan II (9) 

() 

Meadowlark Acquirer, LLC (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Mission Critical Electronics, Inc. 

Mission Critical Electronics, Inc. (9) 

() 

Mission Critical Electronics, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Municipal Emergency Services, Inc. 

Municipal Emergency Services, Inc. - Unfunded Term Loan A 

() 

Municipal Emergency Services, Inc. - Unfunded Term Loan B 

() 

Municipal Emergency Services, Inc. (Revolver) (7) 

Municipal Emergency Services, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Neptune Flood Incorporated - Revolver Unfunded 

NBH Group LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 69 

PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Continued) 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 
 
 Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 

Par / Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

NORA Acquisition, LLC 

NORA Acquisition, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

One Stop Mailing, LLC 

ORL Acquisition, Inc. (7) 

ORL Acquisition, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Output Services Group, Inc. (6) 

Owl Acquisition, LLC 

Ox Two, LLC 

Ox Two, LLC (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Pequod Merger Sub, Inc. - Unfunded Term Loan 

() 

Pequod Merger Sub, Inc (Revolver) (9) 

() 

PL Acquisitionco, LLC 

PL Acquisitionco, LLC - (Revolver) (9) 

() 

PlayPower, Inc. 

Pragmatic Institute, LLC - Unfunded Term Loan 

() 

Pragmatic Institute, LLC (Revolver) 

Quantic Electronics, LLC 

Quantic Electronics, LLC (Revolver) (7) 

Questex, LLC 

Questex, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

- 

Rancho Health MSO, Inc. (Revolver) (7) 

Rancho Health MSO, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

Recteq, LLC 

Recteq, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Research Now Group, Inc. and Dynata, LLC 

Riverpoint Medical, LLC 

Riverpoint Medical, LLC (Revolver) (7) 

Riverpoint Medical, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Riverside Assessments, LLC 

Rural Sourcing Holdings, Inc. (HPA SPQ Merger Sub, Inc.) - Unfunded Term Loan 

Rural Sourcing Holdings, Inc. (HPA SPQ Merger Sub, Inc.) (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Sales Benchmark Index LLC 

Sales Benchmark Index LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Sargent Greenleaf Inc. 

Sargent Greenleaf Inc. (Revolver) 

Sargent Greenleaf Inc. (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Schlesinger Global, Inc. 

Schlesinger Global, Inc. (Revolver) 

Schlesinger Global, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Seaway Buyer, LLC 

Sigma Defense Systems, LLC 

Sigma Defense Systems, LLC (Revolver) (7) 

Sigma Defense Systems, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Signature Systems Holding Company 

Signature Systems Holding Company (Revolver) (9) 

Skopima Consilio Parent, LLC 

Smile Brands Inc. 

Smile Brands Inc. (Revolver) 

Smile Brands Inc. LC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Solutionreach, Inc. 

Solutionreach, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

833 

(3) 

Spendmend Holdings LLC 

Spendmend Holdings LLC - Unfunded Term Loan 

1,707 

(25) 

Spendmend Holdings LLC (Revolver) 

Spendmend Holdings LLC (Revolver) (9) 

() 

STV Group Incorporated 

System Planning and Analysis, Inc. (f/k/a Management Consulting Research, LLC) 

5 

System Planning and Analysis, Inc. (Revolver) (9) (f/k/a Management Consulting Research, LLC) 

() 

Teneo Holdings LLC 

The Aegis Technologies Group, LLC 

The Bluebird Group LLC 

The Bluebird Group LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

The Vertex Companies, LLC (7) 

The Vertex Companies, LLC (Revolver) 

The Vertex Companies, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

TPC Canada Parent, Inc. and TPC US Parent, LLC (5), (10) 

TWS Acquisition Corporation 

TWS Acquisition Corporation (Revolver) (7), (9) 

Tyto Athene, LLC 

Tyto Athene, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 70 

PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Continued) 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 

Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 

Par / Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

Walker Edison Furniture, LLC - Term Loan 

Walker Edison Furniture Company, LLC - Funded Junior Revolver 

Walker Edison Furniture Company, LLC - Unfunded Term Loan 

Wildcat Buyerco, Inc. 

Wildcat Buyerco, Inc. (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Zips Car Wash, LLC 

Total First Lien Secured Debt 

Second Lien Secured Debt 

Mailsouth Inc. (7) 

(6) 

- 

QuantiTech LLC 

Total Second Lien Secured Debt 

Preferred Equity (6) 

Ad.net Holdings, Inc. (7) 

Anteriad Holdings, LP (f/k/a MeritDirect Holdings, LP) (7), (8) 

Cartessa Aesthetics, LLC (Preferred) (8) 

Gauge Lash Coinvest LLC (Preferred) 

Gauge Schlesinger Coinvest LLC (Preferred Equity) 

Imagine Topco, LP 

Magnolia Topco LP - Class A Preferred Equity (8) 

Magnolia Topco LP - Class B Preferred Equity (8) 

Mars Intermediate Holdings II, Inc. (7) 

NXOF Holdings, Inc. (Tyto Athene, LLC) (7) 

ORL Holdco, Inc. (7) 

- 

PL Acquisitionco, LLC (Preferred Equity) 

Signature CR Intermediate Holdco, Inc. (7) 

TPC Holding Company, LP (5), (7), (8), (10) 

TWD Parent Holdings, LLC (The Vertex Companies, LLC) (7) 

UniTek Global Services, Inc. - 

Super Senior Preferred Equity (7) 

UniTek Global Services, Inc. - Senior Preferred Equity (7) 

UniTek Global Services, Inc. (7) 

Total Preferred Equity 

Common Equity/Warrants (6) 

A1 Garage Equity, LLC (8) 

Ad.net Holdings, Inc. (7) 

Affinion Group Holdings, Inc. (Warrants) 

AG Investco LP (7), (8) 

AG Investco LP (7), (8), (9) 

Altamira Intermediate Company II, Inc. (7) 

Anteriad Holdings, LP (f/k/a MeritDirect Holdings, LP) (7), (8) 

Athletico Holdings, LLC (8) 

BioDerm Holdings, LP 

Burgess Point Holdings, LP 

By Light Investco LP (7), (8) 

Connatix Parent, LLC (7) 

Crane 1 Acquisition Parent Holdings, L.P. (7) 

Delta InvestCo LP (Sigma Defense Systems, LLC) (7), (8) 

Delta InvestCo LP (Sigma Defense Systems, LLC) (7), (8),(9) 

eCommission Holding Corporation (7), (10) 

EDS Topco, LP 

Exigo, LLC 

FedHC InvestCo LP (7),(8) 

FedHC InvestCo LP (7),(8),(9) 

Five Star Parent Holdings, LLC 

Gauge ETE Blocker, LLC 

Gauge Lash Coinvest LLC (7) 

Gauge Loving Tan, LP 

Gauge Schlesinger Coinvest LLC (7) 

Gauge TVC Coinvest, LLC (TVC Enterprises, LLC) (7) 

GCOM InvestCo LP (7) 

Go Dawgs Capital III, LP 

(American Insulated Glass, LLC) (7), (8) 

Hancock Claims Consultants Investors, LLC (7), (8) 

HPA SPQ Aggregator LP 

HV Watterson Holdings, LLC 

Icon Partners V C, L.P. 

Icon Partners V C, L.P. (7), (9) 

() 

IIN Group Holdings, LLC 

(Integrative Nutrition, LLC) (7), (8) 

Imagine Topco, LP (Common) 

IHS Parent Holdngs, L.P. 

Ironclad Holdco, LLC (Applied Technical Services, LLC) (7), (8) 

ITC Infusion Co-invest, LP (8) 

ITC Rumba, LLC (Cano Health, LLC) (7),(8) 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 71 

PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Continued) 
 September 30, 2023 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 

Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 

Par / Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

Kentucky Racing Holdco, LLC (8) 

Kinetic Purchaser, LLC 

KL Stockton Co-Invest LP (Any Hour Services) (7),(8) 

Lightspeed Investment Holdco LLC (7) 

LJ Avalon, LP 

Magnolia Topco LP - Class A Common Equity (8) 

Magnolia Topco LP - Class B Common Equity (8) 

Mars Intermediate Holdings II, Inc. (7) 

MDI Aggregator, LP 

Meadowlark Title, LLC (8) 

MSpark, LLC 

Municipal Emergency Services, Inc. (7) 

NEPRT Parent Holdings, LLC (Recteq, LLC) (7), (8) 

NORA Parent Holdings, LLC 

North Haven Saints Equity Holdings, LP (8) 

NXOF Holdings, Inc. (Tyto Athene, LLC) (7) 

OceanSound Discovery Equity, LP (Holdco Sands Intermediate, LLC) (7), (8) 

OHCP V BC COI, L.P. 

OHCP V BC COI, L.P. (9) 

() 

ORL Holdco, Inc. (7) 

PennantPark-TSO Senior Loan Fund, LP (7) 

LEP Pequod Holdings, LP 

Pink Lily Holdco, LLC (PL Acquisitions, LLC) (8) 

Pragmatic Institute, LLC 

Quad (U.S.) Co-Invest, L.P. 

QuantiTech InvestCo LP (7), (8) 

QuantiTech InvestCo LP (7), (8), (9) 

QuantiTech InvestCo II LP (7), (8), 

RFMG Parent, LP (Rancho Health MSO, Inc.) (7) 

SBI Holdings Investments LLC (Sales Benchmark Index LLC) (7) 

Seaway Topco, LP 

Signature CR Intermediate Holdco, Inc. (7) 

SP L2 Holdings, LLC (Ledge Lounger, Inc.) 

SSC Dominion Holdings, LLC 

Class B (US Dominion, Inc.) (7) 

StellPen Holdings, LLC (CF512, Inc.) (7) 

TAC LifePort Holdings, LLC (7),(8) 

Tower Arch Infolinks Media, LP (Infolinks Media Buyco, LLC) (8) 

Tower Arch Infolinks Media, LP (Infolinks Media Buyco, LLC) (8) (9) 

TPC Holding Company, LP (5), (7), (8), (10) 

TWD Parent Holdings, LLC (The Vertex Companies, LLC) (7) 

UniTek Global Services, Inc.(C) 

UniTek Global Services, Inc. (W) 

UniVista Insurance (7),(8) 

Urology Partners Co., L.P. 

Walker Edison Holdco LLC 

WCP IvyRehab QP CF Feeder, LP (8) 

WCP IvyRehab QP CF Feeder, LP (8), (9) 

Wildcat Parent, LP (Wildcat Buyerco, Inc.) (7) 

Total Common Equity/Warrants 

Total Investments in Non-Controlled, Non-Affiliated Portfolio Companies 

Investments in Controlled, Affiliated Portfolio Companies (3), (4) 

First Lien Secured Debt 

Marketplace Events, LLC - Super Priority First Lien Term Loan (7) 

Marketplace Events, LLC - Super Priority First Lien (7), (9) 

Marketplace Events, LLC 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC (7), (9), (10) 

Total First Lien Secured Debt 

Equity Interests 

New MPE Holdings, LLC (Marketplace Events, LLC) (7),(8) 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC (7), (9), (10) 

Total Equity Interests 

Total Investments in Controlled, Affiliated Portfolio Companies 

Total Investments 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Money Market - BlackRock Federal FD Institutional 30 

Total Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Total Investments and Cash Equivalents 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets 

() 

Net Assets 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) or less of the portfolio company s voting securities and controlled when we own more than of the portfolio company s voting securities. 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 72 

(4) of a portfolio company s voting securities and affiliated when we own or more of a portfolio company s voting securities. 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

(8) 

(9) 

(10) of our total assets. As of September 30, 2023 , qualifying assets represent of our total assets and non-qualifying assets represent of our total assets. 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 73 

PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 
 
 Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 

Par / Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

Investments in Non-Controlled, Non-Affiliated Portfolio Companies (3), (4) 

First Lien Secured Debt 

Ad.net Acquisition, LLC 

Ad.net Acquisition, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Altamira Technologies, LLC 

Altamira Technologies, LLC (Revolver) (7) 

Altamira Technologies, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

American Insulated Glass, LLC 

American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. (7) 

(6) 

American Teleconferencing Services, Ltd. (Revolver) (7) 

(6) 

Amsive Holding Corporation (f/k/a Vision Purchaser Corporation) 

5 

Anteriad, LLC (f/k/a MeritDirect, LLC) 

Anteriad, LLC (f/k/a MeritDirect, LLC) (Revolver) (7), (9) 

Any Hour Services 

Any Hour Services (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Apex Service Partners, LLC 

Apex Service Partners, LLC Term Loan B 

Apex Service Partners, LLC Term Loan C 

Apex Service Partners, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

API Holding III Corp. 

Applied Technical Services, LLC 

Applied Technical Services, LLC (Unfunded Term Loan) 

C 

() 

Applied Technical Services, LLC (Revolver) (7) 

Applied Technical Services, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Arcfield Acquisition Corp. (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Beta Plus Technologies, Inc. 

Blackhawk Industrial Distribution, Inc. 

Blackhawk Industrial Distribution, Inc. (7),(9) 

() 

Blackhawk Industrial Distribution, Inc. (Revolver) (7) 

Blackhawk Industrial Distribution, Inc. (9) 

() 

Broder Bros., Co. 

By Light Professional IT Services, LLC 

By Light Professional IT Services, LLC (Revolver) 

By Light Professional IT Services, LLC (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Cadence Aerospace, LLC (7) 

(PIK 

Cartessa Aesthetics, LLC 

Cartessa Aesthetics, LLC (Revolver) (7) 

Cartessa Aesthetics, LLC (Revolver) (7)(9) 

927 

- 

() 

CF512, Inc. 

CF512, Inc. (7), (9) 

() 

CF512, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

CHA Holdings, Inc. 

Challenger Performance Optimization, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

Challenger Performance Optimization, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Compex Legal Services, Inc. 

Compex Legal Services, Inc. (Revolver) (7) 

Compex Legal Services, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

Connatix Buyer, Inc. 

Connatix Buyer, Inc. (7), (9) 

() 

Connatix Buyer, Inc. (7), (9) 

() 

Crane 1 Services, Inc. 

Crane 1 Services, Inc. (Revolver) (7) 

Crane 1 Services, Inc. (Revolver) (7) 

() 

Douglas Products and Packaging Company LLC 

Douglas Products and Packaging Company LLC (Revolver) 

Douglas Products and Packaging Company LLC (Revolver) (9) 

Douglas Sewer Intermediate, LLC 

Dr. Squatch, LLC 

Dr. Squatch, LLC (Revolver) (7) 

Dr. Squatch, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

DRS Holdings III, Inc. 

DRS Holdings III, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Duraco Specialty Tapes LLC 

ECL Entertainment, LLC 

ECM Industries, LLC (Revolver) 

ECM Industries, LLC (Revolver) (9) 

() 

eCommission Financial Services, Inc. (10) 

eCommission Financial Services, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (10) 

eCommission Financial Services, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9), (10) 

Efficient Collaborative Retail Marketing Company, LLC 

Exigo Intermediate II, LLC (9) 

() 

Exigo Intermediate II, LLC (Revolver) 

Exigo Intermediate II, LLC (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Findex Group Limited (5)(10)(11) 

AUD 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 74 

PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Continued) 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 
 
 Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 

Par / Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

Gantech Acquisition Corp. 

Gantech Acquisition Corp. (Revolver) (7) 

Gantech Acquisition Corp. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Global Holdings InterCo LLC 

Graffiti Buyer, Inc. (7), (9) 

() 

Graffiti Buyer, Inc. (Revolver) (7) 

Graffiti Buyer, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Hancock Roofing and Construction L.L.C. 

Hancock Roofing and Construction L.L.C. (7), (9) 

() 

Hancock Roofing and Construction L.L.C. (Revolver) (7) 

Hancock Roofing and Construction L.L.C. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Holdco Sands Intermediate, LLC 

Holdco Sands Intermediate, LLC (Revolver) (9) 

() 

HW Holdco, LLC 

HW Holdco, LLC (9) 

() 

HW Holdco, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

IDC Infusion Services, Inc. 

IDC Infusion Services, Inc. (Revolver) (9) 

() 

IG Investments Holdings, LLC (7) 

IG Investments Holdings, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 
 
 0 

() 

Imagine Acquisitionco, LLC 

Imagine Acquisitionco, LLC (9) 

() 

Imagine Acquisitionco, LLC (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Inception Fertility Ventures, LLC 

Infolinks Media Buyco, LLC 

Infolinks Media Buyco, LLC (9) 

Integrative Nutrition, LLC 

Integrative Nutrition, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC (7) 

ITI Holdings, Inc. (Revolver) 

ITI Holdings, Inc. (Revolver) (9) 

() 

K2 Pure Solutions NoCal, L.P. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

Kinetic Purchaser, LLC 

Kinetic Purchaser, LLC - (Revolver) (9) 

Lash OpCo, LLC 

Lash OpCo, LLC (Revolver) (7) 

Lash OpCo, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

LAV Gear Holdings, Inc. 

(PIK 

LAV Gear Holdings, Inc. (Revolver) (7) 

(PIK 

Ledge Lounger, Inc. 

Ledge Lounger, Inc. (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Lightspeed Buyer Inc. 

Lightspeed Buyer Inc. (Revolver) (7) 

Lightspeed Buyer Inc. (Revolver) (7) (9) 

() 

Lucky Bucks, LLC 

MAG DS Corp. 

Mars Acquisition Holdings Corp. 

Mars Acquisition Holdings Corp. (Revolver) (7)(9) 

() 

MBS Holdings, Inc. (Revolver) (7)(9) 

() 

MDI Buyer, Inc. - Unfunded Term Loan 

() 

MDI Buyer, inc. (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Meadowlark Acquirer, LLC 

Meadowlark Acquirer, LLC - Term Loan I (9) 

Meadowlark Acquirer, LLC - Term Loan II (9) 

Meadowlark Acquirer, LLC (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Mission Critical Electronics, Inc. 

Mission Critical Electronics, Inc. (9) 

() 

Mission Critical Electronics, Inc. (Revolver) (7) 

Mission Critical Electronics, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Municipal Emergency Services, Inc. (7) 

Municipal Emergency Services, Inc. (7), (9) 

() 

Municipal Emergency Services, Inc. (Revolver) (7) 

Municipal Emergency Services, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

NBH Group LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

OIS Management Services, LLC 

OIS Management Services, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

One Stop Mailing, LLC 

ORL Acquisition, Inc. (7) 

ORL Acquisition, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

Output Services Group, Inc. 

Owl Acquisition, LLC 

Ox Two, LLC 

Ox Two, LLC (Revolver) (7) 

Ox Two, LLC (Revolver) (9) 

() 

PL Acquisitionco, LLC 

PL Acquisitionco, LLC - (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Plant Health Intermediate, Inc. 

PlayPower, Inc. 

PRA Events, Inc. 

(PIK 

Pragmatic Institute, LLC - Unfunded Term Loan 

Pragmatic Institute, LLC (Revolver) 

Pragmatic Institute, LLC (Revolver) (9) 

() 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 75 

PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Continued) 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 

Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 

Par / Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

Quantic Electronics, LLC 

Quantic Electronics, LLC (Revolver) (7) 

Quantic Electronics, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Questex, LLC 

Questex, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Rancho Health MSO, Inc. (7) 

Rancho Health MSO, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

Recteq, LLC 

Recteq, LLC (Revolver) (7) 

Recteq, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Research Now Group, Inc. and Dynata, LLC 

Riverpoint Medical, LLC 

Riverpoint Medical, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Riverside Assessments, LLC 

Sales Benchmark Index LLC 

Sales Benchmark Index LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Sargent Greenleaf Inc. 

Sargent Greenleaf Inc. (Revolver) 

Sargent Greenleaf Inc. (Revolver) (9) 

Schlesinger Global, Inc. 

Schlesinger Global, Inc. (Revolver) 

Schlesinger Global, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Seaway Buyer, LLC 

Sigma Defense Systems, LLC 

Sigma Defense Systems, LLC (Revolver) (7) 

Sigma Defense Systems, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Signature Systems Holding Company 

Signature Systems Holding Company (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Smile Brands Inc. 

Smile Brands Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Smile Brands Inc. LC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Solutionreach, Inc. 

Solutionreach, Inc. (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Spear Education, LLC 

Spendmend Holdings LLC 

Spendmend Holdings LLC (9) 

() 

Spendmend Holdings LLC (Revolver) 

Spendmend Holdings LLC (Revolver) (9) 

() 

STV Group Incorporated 

System Planning and Analysis, Inc. (f/k/a Management Consulting Research, LLC) 

System Planning and Analysis, Inc. (Revolver) (f/k/a Management Consulting Research, LLC) 

() 

Teneo Holdings LLC 

The Aegis Technologies Group, LLC 

The Bluebird Group LLC 

The Bluebird Group LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

The Infosoft Group, LLC 

The Vertex Companies, LLC (7) 

The Vertex Companies, LLC (7), (9) 

The Vertex Companies, LLC (Revolver) 

The Vertex Companies, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

TPC Canada Parent, Inc. and TPC US Parent, LLC (5), (10) 

TVC Enterprises, LLC 

TVC Enterprises, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

TWS Acquisition Corporation 

TWS Acquisition Corporation (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Tyto Athene, LLC 

Tyto Athene, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

UBEO, LLC 

UBEO, LLC (Revolver) 

UBEO, LLC (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Unique Indoor Comfort, LLC 

Unique Indoor Comfort, LLC Term Loan (7) 

() 

Unique Indoor Comfort, LLC (Revolver) (7), (9) 

() 

Walker Edison Furniture Company LLC 

Wildcat Buyerco, Inc. 

Wildcat Buyerco, Inc. (Revolver) (9) 

() 

Zips Car Wash, LLC 

Total First Lien Secured Debt 

Second Lien Secured Debt 0 

Mailsouth Inc. (7) 

(6) 

- 

(PIK 

QuantiTech LLC 

Total Second Lien Secured Debt 

Preferred Equity 1.6 (6) 

Ad.net Holdings, Inc. (7),(8) 

Cartessa Aesthetics, LLC 

Imagine Topco, LP 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 76 

PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Continued) 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 

Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 

Par / Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

Mars Intermediate Holdings II, Inc. (7) 

Anteriad Holdings, LP (f/k/a MeritDirect Holdings, LP) (7), (8) 

NXOF Holdings, Inc. (Tyto Athene, LLC) (7) 

ORL Holdco, Inc. (7) 

Signature CR Intermediate Holdco, Inc. (7) 

TPC Holding Company, LP (5), (7), (10) 

TWD Parent Holdings, LLC (The Vertex Companies, LLC) (7) 

UniTek Global Services, Inc. - 

Super Senior Preferred Equity (7) 

UniTek Global Services, Inc. - Senior Preferred Equity (7) 

UniTek Global Services, Inc. (7) 

Total Preferred Equity 

Common Equity/Warrants (6) 

Ad.net Holdings, Inc. (7),(8) 

Affinion Group Holdings, Inc. (Warrants) (7) 

AG Investco LP (7), (8) 

AG Investco LP (7), (8), (9) 

Altamira Intermediate Company II, Inc. (7) 

Anteriad Holdings, LP (f/k/a MeritDirect Holdings, LP) (7), (8) 

Athletico Holdings, LLC 

Burgess Point Holdings, LP 

By Light Investco LP (7), (8) 

By Light Investco LP (7), (8), (9) 

CI (Allied) Investment Holdings, LLC 

(PRA Events, Inc.) (7), (8) 

Connatix Parent, LLC (7) 

Crane 1 Acquisition Parent Holdings, L.P. (7) 

Delta InvestCo LP (Sigma Defense Systems, LLC) (7), (8) 

Delta InvestCo LP (Sigma Defense Systems, LLC) (7), (8),(9) 

ECM Investors, LLC (7), (8) 

eCommission Holding Corporation (7), (10) 

Exigo, LLC 

Express Wash Topco, LLC 

FedHC InvestCo LP (7),(8) 

FedHC InvestCo LP (7),(8),(9) 

Gauge InfosoftCoInvest, LLC 

(The Infosoft Group, LLC) (7) 

Gauge Lash Coinvest LLC (7) 

Gauge Schlesinger Coinvest LLC (7) 

Gauge TVC Coinvest, LLC (TVC Enterprises, LLC) (7) 

GCOM InvestCo LP (7),(8) 

Go Dawgs Capital III, LP 

(American Insulated Glass, LLC) (7), (8) 

Hancock Claims Consultants Investors, LLC (7), (8) 

HV Watterson Holdings, LLC 

Icon Partners V C, L.P. 

Icon Partners V C, L.P. (7), (9) 

IIN Group Holdings, LLC 

(Integrative Nutrition, LLC) (7), (8) 

Imagine Topco, LP (Common) 

Ironclad Holdco, LLC (Applied Technical Services, LLC) (7), (8) 

ITC Infusion Co-invest, LP 

ITC Rumba, LLC (Cano Health, LLC) (7),(8) 

JWC-WE Holdings, L.P. 

(Walker Edison Furniture Company LLC) (7), (8) 

Kinetic Purchaser, LLC 

KL Stockton Co-Invest LP (Any Hour Services) (7),(8) 

Kentucky Racing Holdco, LLC (Warrants) (7), (8) 

Lightspeed Investment Holdco LLC (7) 

Mars Intermediate Holdings II, Inc. (7) 

MDI Aggregator, LP 

Meadowlark Title, LLC 

MSpark, LLC 

Municipal Emergency Services, Inc. (7) 

NEPRT Parent Holdings, LLC (Recteq, LLC) (7), (8) 

North Haven Saints Equity Holdings, LP 

NXOF Holdings, Inc. (Tyto Athene, LLC) (7) 

OceanSound Discovery Equity, LP (Holdco Sands Intermediate, LLC) (7), (8) 

OHCP V BC COI, L.P. 

OHCP V BC COI, L.P. (8) (9) 

() 

Oral Surgery (ITC) Holdings, LLC (7),(8) 

ORL Holdco, Inc. (7) 

PennantPark-TSO Senior Loan Fund, LP (7) 

Pink Lily Holdco, LLC (PL Acquisitions, LLC) 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 77 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 

Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 

Par / Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

Pragmatic Institute, LLC 

QuantiTech InvestCo LP (7), (8) 

QuantiTech InvestCo LP (7), (8), (9) 

QuantiTech InvestCo II LP (7), (8), 

RFMG Parent, LP (Rancho Health MSO, Inc.) (7) 

SBI Holdings Investments LLC (Sales Benchmark Index LLC) (7), (8) 

Seaway Topco, LP 

Signature CR Intermediate Holdco, Inc. (7) 

SP L2 Holdings, LLC (Ledge Lounger, Inc.) 

SSC Dominion Holdings, LLC 

Class A (US Dominion, Inc.) (7) 

SSC Dominion Holdings, LLC 

Class B (US Dominion, Inc.) (7) 

StellPen Holdings, LLC (CF512, Inc.) (7) 

TAC LifePort Holdings, LLC (7),(8) 

Tower Arch Infolinks Media, LP (Infolinks Media Buyco, LLC) 

Tower Arch Infolinks Media, LP (Infolinks Media Buyco, LLC) (8) (9) 

TPC Holding Company, LP (5), (7), (10) 

TWD Parent Holdings, LLC (The Vertex Companies, LLC) (7) 

UniTek Global Services, Inc. (7) 

UniTek Global Services, Inc. (Warrants) (7) 

UniVista Insurance (7),(8) 

WCP IvyRehab QP CF Feeder, LP 

WCP IvyRehab QP CF Feeder, LP (9) 

Wildcat Parent, LP (Wildcat Buyerco, Inc.) (7), (8) 

Total Common Equity/Warrants 

Total Investments in Non-Controlled, Non-Affiliated Portfolio Companies 

Investments in Controlled, Affiliated Portfolio Companies (3), (4) 

First Lien Secured Debt 

Marketplace Events, LLC - Super Priority First Lien Term Loan (7) 

(PIK 

Marketplace Events, LLC - Super Priority First Lien (7), (9) 

Marketplace Events, LLC 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC (7), (9), (10) 

Total First Lien Secured Debt 

Equity Interests 

New MPE Holdings, LLC (Marketplace Events, LLC) (7),(8) 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC (7), (9), (10) 

Total Equity Interests 

Total Investments in Controlled, Affiliated Portfolio Companies 

Total Investments 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 9.1 

BlackRock Federal FD Institutional 30 

BNY Mellon Cash 

Total Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Total Investments and Cash Equivalents 230.0 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets (130.0) 

() 

Net Assets 

(1) 

(2) 

(3) or less of the portfolio company s voting securities and controlled when we own more than of the portfolio company s voting securities. 

(4) of a portfolio company s voting securities and affiliated when we own or more of a portfolio company s voting securities. 

(5) 

(6) 

(7) 

(8) 

(9) 

(10) of our total assets. As of September 30, 2022 , qualifying assets represent of our total assets and non-qualifying assets represent of our total assets. 

(11) 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 78 

PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 of the value of our managed assets will be invested in floating rate loans and other investments bearing a variable rate of interest, which may include, from time to time, variable rate derivative instruments. We generally expect that first lien secured debt will represent at least of our overall portfolio. We generally expect to invest up to of our overall portfolio opportunistically in other types of investments, including second lien secured debt, subordinated debt, and, to a lesser extent, equity investments. We have entered into an investment management agreement, or the Investment Management Agreement with the Investment Adviser, an external adviser that manages our day-to-day operations. We have also entered into an administration agreement, or the Administration Agreement with the Administrator, which provides the administrative services necessary for us to operate. Funding I, our wholly-owned subsidiary and a special purpose entity, was organized in Delaware as a limited liability company in May 2011. We formed Funding I in order to establish the Credit Facility. The Investment Adviser serves as the collateral manager to Funding I and has irrevocably directed that the management fee owed with respect to such services is to be paid to us so long as the Investment Adviser remains the collateral manager. This arrangement does not increase our consolidated management fee. The Credit Facility allows Funding I to borrow up to million at SOFR (or an alternative risk-free floating interest rate index) plus basis points during the revolving period. The Credit Facility is secured by all of the assets held by Funding I. See Note 11. We have formed and expect to continue to form certain taxable subsidiaries, including the Taxable Subsidiary, which are subject to tax as corporations. These taxable subsidiaries allow us to hold equity securities of certain portfolio companies treated as pass-through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes while facilitating our ability to qualify as a RIC under the Code. In May 2017, we and Kemper formed PSSL, an unconsolidated joint venture. PSSL invests primarily in middle-market and other corporate debt securities consistent with our strategy. PSSL was formed as a Delaware limited liability company. See Note 4. In November 2017, we issued million of our 2023 Notes. The principal on the 2023 Notes will be payable in as follows: of the original principal amount on December 15, 2020, of the original principal amount on December 15, 2021, of the original principal amount on December 15, 2022 and on December 15, 2023. The 2023 Notes are general, unsecured obligations and rank equal in right of payment with all of our existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness. The 2023 Notes are listed on the TASE. In connection with this offering, we have dual listed our common stock on the TASE. In September 2019, the Securitization Issuers completed the Debt Securitization. The 2031 Asset-Backed Debt is secured by a diversified portfolio of the Securitization Issuer consisting primarily of middle market loans and participation interests in middle market loans. The 2031 Asset-Backed Debt is scheduled to mature on October 15, 2031. On the closing date of the Debt Securitization, in consideration of our transfer to the Securitization Issuer of the initial closing date loan portfolio, which included loans distributed to us by certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, the Securitization Issuer transferred to us of the Preferred Shares of the Securitization Issuer, of the Class D Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes issued by the Securitization Issuer, and a portion of the net cash proceeds received from the sale of the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt. See Note 11. In March 2021 and October 2021, we issued million and million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of our 2026 Notes at a public offering price per note of and respectively. Interest on the 2026 Notes is paid on April 1 and October 1 of each year, at a rate of per year, commencing October 1, 2021. The 2026 Notes mature on and may be redeemed in whole or in part at our option subject to a make-whole premium if redeemed more than three months prior to maturity. The 2026 Notes are general, unsecured obligations and rank equal in right of payment with all of our existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness. The 2026 Notes are effectively subordinated to our existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness and structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of any of our subsidiaries, financing vehicles, or similar facilities. We do not intend to list the 2026 Notes on any securities exchange or automated dealer quotation system. In April 2021, we formed PennantPark-TSO Senior Loan Fund LP, PTSF , an unconsolidated limited partnership, organized as a Delaware limited liability partnership. We sold million in investments to a wholly-owned subsidiary of PTSF in exchange for cash in the amount of million and an million equity interest in PTSF representing of the total outstanding Class A Units of PTSF. We recognized million of realized gain upon the formation of PTSF. As of September 30, 2021, our capital commitment of million is fully funded and we hold of the total outstanding Class A Units of PTSF and a voting interest in the general partner which manages PTSF. On August 20, 2021, we entered into equity distribution agreements with each of JMP Securities LLC and Raymond James Associates, Inc., as the sales agents, in connection with the sale of shares of our common stock, with an aggregate offering price of up to million under an at-the-market offering ATM Program ). The equity distribution agreements provide that we may offer and sell shares of our common stock from time to time through a sales agent in amounts and at times to be determined by us. On May 5, 2022, we amended the dquity distribution agreements to update references from NASDAQ to NYSE and reflect that the agents are now represented by Kirkland Ellis LLP. On March 27, 2023 we terminated the equity distribution agreements and entered into new equity distribution agreements with JMP Securities LLC, Raymond James Associates, Inc. and Truist Securities, Inc. (together, the Equity Distribution Agreements ), as sales agents (each, as Sales Agent, and together, the Sales Agents in connection with the sale of shares of our common stock, with an aggregate offering price of up to million under an ATM Program. On August 11, 2023 we amended the Equity Distribution Agreements with each of the Sales Agents (together, the Amended and Restated Equity Distribution Agreements to increase the aggregate offering price to up to million. The Amended and Restated Equity Distribution Agreements provide that we may offer and sell shares of our common stock from time to time through a Sales Agent in amounts and at times to be determined by us. Actual sales will depend on a variety of factors to be determined by us from time to time, including, market conditions and the trading price of our common stock. The Investment Adviser may, from time to time, in its sole discretion, pay some or all of the commissions payable under the Equity Distribution Agreements or make additional supplemental payments to ensure that the sales price per share of our common stock in connection with all of the offerings made hereunder will not be less than our current NAV per share. Any such payments made by the Investment Adviser will not be subject to reimbursement by us. During the years ended September 30, 2023, and 2022 we issued and shares of our Common Stock, respectively, under the ATM Program at a weighted-average price of and per share, respectively, raising million and million of net proceeds after commissions to the sales agents and inclusive of proceeds from the Investment Adviser to ensure that all shares were sold at or above NAV. We incurred million and million, respectively, of legal and other offering costs associated with establishing the ATM Program. As of September 30, 2023, and 2022 , we had million and million available under the ATM Program. Since inception of the ATM Program through September 30, 2023 , we issued shares of our Common Stock under the ATM Program at a weighted-average price of , raising million of net proceeds after commissions to the sales agents and inclusive of proceeds from the Investment Adviser to ensure that all shares were sold at or above NAV. We incurred million of legal and other offering costs associated with establishing the ATM Program. We are operated by a person who has claimed an exclusion from the definition of the term commodity pool operator under the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended, or the Commodity Exchange Act, and, therefore, is not subject to registration or regulation as a commodity pool operator under the Commodity Exchange Act. 

(5) Our board of directors discusses these valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith, based on the input of our Investment Adviser, the respective independent valuation firms and the audit committee. 

 Our board of directors generally uses market quotations to assess the value of our investments for which market quotations are readily available. We obtain these market values from independent pricing services or at bid prices obtained from at least two brokers or dealers, if available, or otherwise from a principal market maker or a primary market dealer. The Investment Adviser assesses the source and reliability of bids from brokers or dealers. If the board of directors has a bona fide reason to believe any such market quote does not reflect the fair value of an investment, it may independently value such investments by using the valuation procedure that it uses with respect to assets for which market quotations are not readily available. 
 portfolio companies on non-accrual, representing and of our overall portfolio on a cost and fair value basis, respectively. As of September 30, 2022 , we had portfolio companies on non-accrual, representing and percent of our overall portfolio on a cost and fair value basis, respectively. 
 million, million and million, respectively, pertaining to federal excise tax. We recognize the effect of a tax position in our Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with ASC 740 when it is more likely than not, based on the technical merits, that the position will be sustained upon examination by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not considered to satisfy the more-likely-than-not threshold would be recorded as a tax expense or benefit. Penalties or interest, if applicable, that may be assessed relating to income taxes would be classified as other operating expenses in the financial statements. There were tax accruals relating to uncertain tax positions and amounts accrued for any related interest or penalties with respect to the periods presented herein. The Company s determinations regarding ASC 740 may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based upon factors including, but not limited to, an ongoing analysis of tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. Although the Company files both federal and state income tax returns, the Company s major tax jurisdiction is federal. The Taxable Subsidiary is subject to U.S. federal, state and local corporate income taxes. The income tax expense and related tax liabilities of the Taxable Subsidiary are reflected in the Company s consolidated financial statements. For the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized a provision for taxes of million on unrealized appreciation on investments by the Taxable Subsidiary. For the year ended September 30, 2022, the Company recognized a provision for taxes of million on unrealized appreciation on investments by the Taxable Subsidiary. The provision for taxes on unrealized appreciation on investments is the result of netting (i) the expected tax liability on gains from sales of investments and (ii) the expected tax benefit from the use of losses in the current year. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, million and million, respectively, was accrued as a deferred tax liability on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities relating to unrealized gain on investments held by the Taxable Subsidiary. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, million and , respectively, the Company recognized a provision for taxes on realized gain on investments held by the Taxable Subsidiary. During the year ended September 30, 2023, the Company paid zero in taxes on realized gains on the sale of investments held by the Taxable Subsidiary which were offset by subsequent realized losses, resulting in a million prepaid tax asset as of September 30, 2023 included under prepaid expenses and other assets in the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. Because U.S. federal income tax regulations differ from GAAP, distributions in accordance with tax regulations may differ from net investment income and net realized gains recognized for financial reporting purposes. Differences between tax regulations and GAAP may be permanent or temporary. Permanent differences are reclassified among capital accounts in the consolidated financial statements of assets and liabilities to reflect their tax character. Temporary differences arise when certain items of income, expense, gain or loss are recognized at some time in the future. 

The base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of of our average adjusted gross assets, which equals our gross assets (net of U.S. Treasury Bills, temporary draws under any credit facility, cash and cash equivalents, repurchase agreements or other balance sheet transactions undertaken at the end of a fiscal quarter for purposes of preserving investment flexibility for the next quarter and unfunded commitments, if any) and is payable quarterly in arrears. For example, if we sold shares on the 45th day of a quarter and did not use the proceeds from the sale to repay outstanding indebtedness, our gross assets for such quarter would give effect to the net proceeds of the issuance for only 45 days of the quarter during which the additional shares were outstanding. For the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022,and 2021, the Investment Adviser earned a base management fee of million, million, and million, respectively, from us. Incentive Fee The incentive fee has two parts, as follows: One part is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income for the immediately preceding calendar quarter. For this purpose, Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income means interest income, dividend income and any other income, including any other fees (other than fees for providing managerial assistance), such as amendment, commitment, origination, prepayment penalties, structuring, diligence and consulting fees or other fees received from portfolio companies, accrued during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, any expenses payable under the Administration Agreement and any interest expense or amendment fees under any credit facility and distribution paid on any issued and outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as OID, debt instruments with PIK interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income not yet received in cash. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not include any realized capital gains, computed net of all realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, expressed as a percentage of the value of our net assets at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to the hurdle rate of per quarter annualized). incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income does not exceed the hurdle rate of , (2) of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income with respect to that portion of such Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than in any calendar quarter annualized) (we refer to this portion of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income (which exceeds the hurdle but is less than as the catch-up, which is meant to provide our Investment Adviser with of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, as if a hurdle did not apply, if this net investment income exceeds in any calendar quarter), and (3) of the amount of our Pre-Incentive Fee Net Investment Income, if any, that exceeds in any calendar quarter. These calculations are pro-rated for any share issuances or repurchases during the relevant quarter, if applicable. For the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Investment Adviser earned million, million, and million, respectively, in incentive fees on net investment income from us. The second part of the incentive fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Management Agreement, as of the termination date) and equals of our realized capital gains, if any, on a cumulative basis from inception through the end of each calendar year, computed net of all realized capital losses and unrealized capital depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gain incentive fees. For the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 , the Investment Adviser did t accrue an incentive fee on capital gains as calculated under the Investment Management Agreement (as described above). Under GAAP, we are required to accrue a capital gains incentive fee based upon net realized capital gains and net unrealized capital appreciation and depreciation on investments held at the end of each period. In calculating the capital gains incentive fee accrual, we considered the cumulative aggregate unrealized capital appreciation in the calculation, as a capital gains incentive fee would be payable if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized, even though such unrealized capital appreciation is not permitted to be considered in calculating the fee actually payable under the Investment Management Agreement. This accrual is calculated using the aggregate cumulative realized capital gains and losses and cumulative unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. If such amount is positive at the end of a period, then we record a capital gains incentive fee equal to of such amount, less the aggregate amount of actual capital gains related to incentive fees paid in all prior years. If such amount is negative, then there is no accrual for such year. There can be no assurance that such unrealized capital appreciation will be realized in the future. The incentive fee accrued for but, not payable, under GAAP on our unrealized and realized capital gains for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was , respectively. (b) Administration Agreement The Administration Agreement with the Administrator was reapproved by our board of directors, including a majority of the directors who are not interested persons of us, in February 2023. Under the Administration Agreement, the Administrator provides administrative services and office facilities to us. For providing these services, facilities and personnel, we have agreed to reimburse the Administrator for its allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and our allocable portion of the costs of compensation and related expenses of our Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Corporate Counsel and their respective staffs. The Administrator also offers, on our behalf, significant managerial assistance to portfolio companies to which we are required to offer such assistance. Reimbursement for certain of these costs is included in administrative services expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, we reimbursed the Administrator approximately million, million, and million , respectively, including expenses the Administrator incurred for services described above. On July 1, 2022, the Administration Agreement with the Administrator was amended to clarify that the Administrator may be reimbursed by the Company for certain (i) tax and general legal advice and/or services provided to the Company by in-house professionals of the Administrator related to ongoing operations of the Company; and (ii) transactional legal advice and/or services provided to the Company or portfolio companies by in-house professionals of the Administrator or its affiliates on matters related to potential or actual investments and transactions, including tax structuring and/or due diligence. (c) Other Related Party Transactions During the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 , the Company made no purchases from and sold investments to an affiliated fund managed by our Investment Adviser in accordance with, and pursuant to procedures adopted under, Rule 17a-7 of the 1940 Act. Net realized losses on those sales for the same periods amounted to , , and , respectively. For the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 , we sold million, million, and million of investments, respectively, in investments to PSSL at fair value and recognized million, million, and million of net realized gains (loss) for the same periods, respectively. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022 , PFLT had payable to PSSL and PTSF of million and million, respectively, presented as a Due to Affiliates on the consolidated statement of assets and liabilities. These amounts are related to cash owed to PSSL and PTSF from PFLT in connection with trades between the funds. For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 , we sold no investments to PTSF. 

 million, million, and million, respectively. Sales and repayments of investments for the same years totaled m illion, million, and million, respectively. 

First lien in PSSL 

Second lien 

Equity 

Equity interests in PSSL 

Total investments 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Total investments and cash and cash equivalents 

Healthcare Providers and Services 

Personal Products 

Professional Services 

Aerospace and Defense 

Media: Diversified and Production 

High Tech Industries 

Healthcare Technology 

Commercial Services Supplies 

IT Services 

Diversified Consumer Services 

Electronic Equipment, Instruments, and Components 

Construction and Building 

Insurance 

Distributors 

Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 

Business Services 

Consumer Services 

Capital Equipment 

Automobiles 

Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 

Healthcare Equipment and Supplies 

Financial Services 

Construction Engineering 

Diversified Financial Services 

Leisure Products 

Air Freight and Logistics 

Textiles, Apparel and Luxury Goods 

Energy Equipment and Services 

Internet Software and Services 

Food Products 

Wholesale 

Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 

Consumer Finance 

All Other 

Total 

(1) . 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC In May 2017, we and Kemper formed PSSL, an unconsolidated joint venture. PSSL invests primarily in middle-market and other corporate debt securities consistent with our strategy. PSSL was formed as a Delaware limited liability company. As of September 30, 2023 and 2023, PSSL had total assets of million and million, respectively, and its investment portfolio consisted of investments in and portfolio companies, respectively. As of September 30, 2023, at fair value, the largest investment in a single portfolio company in PSSL was 18.5 million and the five largest investments totaled 83.4 million. As of September 30, 2022, at fair value, the largest investment in a single portfolio company in PSSL was million and the five largest investments totaled million. PSSL invests in portfolio companies in the same industries in which we may directly invest. We and Kemper provide capital to PSSL in the form of first lien secured debt and equity interests. As of September 30, 2023, and 2022, we and Kemper owned and , respectively, of each of the outstanding first lien secured debt and equity interests. As of the same dates, our investment in PSSL consisted of first lien secured debt of million (additional million unfunded) and million (additional million unfunded), respectively, and equity interests of million (additional million unfunded) and million (additional million unfunded), respectively. We and Kemper each appointed two members to PSSL s -person board of directors and investment committee. All material decisions with respect to PSSL, including those involving its investment portfolio, require unanimous approval of a quorum of the board of directors or investment committee. In August 2023 PSSL entered into a million (decreased from million) senior secured revolving credit facility which bears interest at daily simple SOFR plus basis points (including a spread adjustment) with Ally Bank through its wholly-owned subsidiary, PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Facility LLC II, or PSSL Subsidiary II, subject to leverage and borrowing base restrictions. In January 2021, PSSL completed a million debt securitization in the form of a collateralized loan obligation, or the 2032 Asset-Backed Debt . The 2032 Asset-Backed Debt is secured by a diversified portfolio of PennantPark CLO II, Ltd., a wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiary of PSSL, consisting primarily of middle market loans and participation interests in middle market loans. The 2032 Asset-Backed Debt is scheduled to mature in January 2032. In April 2023, PSSL completed a million debt securitization in the form of a collateralized loan obligation, or the 2035 Asset-Backed Debt . The 2035 Asset-Backed Debt is secured by a diversified portfolio of PennantPark CLO VI, LLC, a wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiary of PSSL, consisting primarily of middle market loans and participation interests in middle market loans. The 2035 Asset-Backed Debt is scheduled to mature in April 2035. 

Weighted average cost yield on income producing investments 

Number of portfolio companies in PSSL 

Largest portfolio company investment 

Total of five largest portfolio company investments 

A1 Garage Merger Sub, LLC 

Ad.net Acquisition, LLC 

Alpine Acquisition Corp II 

Anteriad, LLC (f/k/a MeritDirect, LLC) 

Anteriad Holdings Inc (fka MeritDirect) March 2023 

Any Hour Services 

Apex Service Partners, LLC 

Apex Service Partners, LLC Term Loan B 

Apex Service Partners, LLC Term Loan C 

Applied Technical Services, LLC 

Applied Technical Services, LLC - DDTL Unfunded (3) 

- 

() 

Arcfield Acquisition Corp. 

Beta Plus Technologies, Inc. 

BioDerm, Inc. 

Blackhawk Industrial Distribution, Inc. 

Broder Bros., Co. 

Burgess Point Purchaser Corporation 

By Light Professional IT Services, LLC 

Cadence Aerospace, LLC 

(PIK 

Cartessa Aesthetics, LLC 

CF512, Inc. 

CHA Holdings, Inc. 

Challenger Performance Optimization, Inc. 

(PIK 

Confluent Health, LLC 

Connatix Buyer, Inc. 

Crane 1 Services, Inc. 

Dr. Squatch, LLC 

DRI Holding Inc. 

DRS Holdings III, Inc. 

Duraco Specialty Tapes LLC 

ECL Entertainment, LLC 

EDS Buyer, LLC 

Electro Rent Corporation 

Exigo Intermediate II, LLC 

ETE Intermediate II, LLC 

Fairbanks Morse Defense 

Global Holdings InterCo LLC 

Graffiti Buyer, Inc. 

Hancock Roofing and Construction L.L.C. 

Holdco Sands Intermediate, LLC 

HW Holdco, LLC 

Imagine Acquisitionco, LLC 

Inception Fertility Ventures, LLC 

Infinity Home Services Holdco, Inc. 

Integrated Data Services 

Integrative Nutrition, LLC 

(PIK 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 

Inventus Power, Inc. 

ITI Holdings, Inc. 

K2 Pure Solutions NoCal, L.P. 

Kinetic Purchaser, LLC 

Lash OpCo, LLC 

LAV Gear Holdings, Inc. 

Lightspeed Buyer Inc. 

LJ Avalon Holdings, LLC 

Loving Tan Intermediate II, Inc. 

Lucky Bucks, LLC (4) 

Lucky Bucks. LLC - OpCo DIP Loans 

MAG DS Corp 

Magenta Buyer, LLC 

Marketplace Events, LLC - Super Priority First Lien Term Loan 

Marketplace Events, LLC - Super Priority First Lien Unfunded Term Loan (3) 

- 

- 

Marketplace Events, LLC 

Mars Acquisition Holdings Corp. 

MBS Holdings, Inc. 

MDI Buyer, Inc. 

Meadowlark Acquirer, LLC 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 

Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 

Par / Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

Mission Critical Electronics, Inc. 

Municipal Emergency Services, Inc. 

NBH Group LLC 

Neptune Flood Incorporated 

New Milani Group LLC 

One Stop Mailing, LLC 

ORL Acquisitions, Inc. 

Output Services Group, Inc. (4) 

Owl Acquisition, LLC 

Ox Two, LLC 

Peaquod Merger Sub, Inc. 

PH Beauty Holdings III, Inc. 

PL Acquisitionco, LLC 

(PIK 

PlayPower, Inc. 

Pragmatic Institute, LLC 

Quantic Electronics, LLC 

Rancho Health MSO, Inc. 

Reception Purchaser, LLC 

Recteq, LLC 

Research Now Group, LLC and Dynata, LLC 

Rural Sourcing Holdings, Inc. (HPA SPQ Merger Sub, Inc.) 

Sales Benchmark Index LLC 

Sargent Greenleaf Inc. 

(PIK 

Schlesinger Global, Inc. 

(PIK 

Seaway Buyer, LLC 

Sigma Defense Systems, LLC 

Skopima Consilio Parent, LLC 

Smile Brands Inc. 

Solutionreach, Inc. 

Spendmend Holdings LLC 

STV Group Incorporated 

Summit Behavioral Healthcare, LLC 

System Planning and Analysis, Inc. (f/k/a Management Consulting Research, LLC) 

Team Services Group, LLC 

Teneo Holdings LLC 

The Aegis Technologies Group, LLC 

The Bluebird Group LLC 

The Vertex Companies, LLC 

TPC Canada Parent, Inc. and TPC US Parent, LLC 

TWS Acquisition Corporation 

Tyto Athene, LLC 

Urology Management Holdings, Inc. 

Walker Edison Furniture Company LLC 

Walker Edison Furniture Company LLC - Junior Revolving Credit Facility 

Walker Edison Furniture Company LLC - DDTL - Unfunded (3) 

- 

- 

Wildcat Buyerco, Inc. 

Zips Car Wash, LLC 

Total First Lien Secured Debt 

Equity Securities - 

New MPE Holdings, LLC 

- 

- 

Walker Edison Furniture - Common Equity 

Total Equity Securities 

Total Investments - 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - 

BlackRock Federal FD Institutional 30 

Total Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Total Investments and Cash Equivalents 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets 

() 

Members' Equity 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

 (4) 

 Below is a listing of PSSL s individual investments as of September 30, 2022 (Par and in thousands): 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 
 
 Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 
 
 Par 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

First Lien Secured Debt - 

Ad.net Acquisition, LLC 

Alpine Acquisition Corp II 

Altamira Technologies, LLC 

American Insulated Glass, LLC 

Anteriad, LLC (f/k/a MeritDirect, LLC) 

Any Hour Services 

Apex Service Partners, LLC 

Apex Service Partners, LLC Term Loan B 

Apex Service Partners, LLC Term Loan C 

Applied Technical Services, LLC 

Arcfield Acquisition Corp. 

Beta Plus Technologies, Inc. 

Blackhawk Industrial Distribution, Inc. 

Broder Bros., Co. 

By Light Professional IT Services, LLC 

Cadence Aerospace, LLC 

(PIK 

Cartessa Aesthetics, LLC 

CF512, Inc. 

CHA Holdings, Inc. 

Challenger Performance Optimization, Inc. 

(PIK 

Connatix Buyer, Inc. 

Crane 1 Services, Inc. 

Douglas Products and Packaging Company LLC 

Douglas Sewer Intermediate, LLC 

Dr. Squatch, LLC 

DRI Holding Inc. 

DRS Holdings III, Inc. 

Duraco Specialty Tapes LLC 

ECL Entertainment, LLC 

ECM Industries, LLC 

Exigo Intermediate II, LLC 

Fairbanks Morse Defense 

Gantech Acquisition Corp. 

Global Holdings InterCo LLC 

Graffiti Buyer, Inc. 

Hancock Roofing and Construction L.L.C. 

Holdco Sands Intermediate, LLC 

HW Holdco, LLC 

Icon Partners III, LP 

IDC Infusion Services, Inc. 

Imagine Acquisitionco, LLC 

Inception Fertility Ventures, LLC 

Integrative Nutrition, LLC 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 

ITI Holdings, Inc. 

K2 Pure Solutions NoCal, L.P. 

Kinetic Purchaser, LLC 

Lash OpCo, LLC 

LAV Gear Holdings, Inc. 

(PIK 

Lightspeed Buyer Inc. 

Lucky Bucks, LLC 

Magenta Buyer, LLC 

Marketplace Events, LLC - Super Priority First Lien Term Loan 

Marketplace Events, LLC - Super Priority First Lien Unfunded Term Loan (3) 

- 

- 

Marketplace Events, LLC 

Mars Acquisition Holdings Corp. 

MBS Holdings, Inc. 

MDI Buyer, Inc. 

Meadowlark Acquirer, LLC 

Mission Critical Electronics, Inc. 

Municipal Emergency Services, Inc. 

NBH Group LLC 

New Milani Group LLC 

OIS Management Services, LLC 

One Stop Mailing, LLC 

Output Services Group, Inc. 

Owl Acquisition, LLC 

Ox Two, LLC 

PH Beauty Holdings III, Inc. 

PL Acquisitionco, LLC 

Plant Health Intermediate, Inc. 

PlayPower, Inc. 

Pragmatic Institute, LLC 

Quantic Electronics, LLC 

Quantic Electronics, LLC - Unfunded Term Loan (3) 

- 

- 

Reception Purchaser, LLC 

Recteq, LLC 

Research Now Group, LLC and Dynata, LLC 

Below is a listing of PSSL s individual investments as of September 30, 2022 (Par and in thousands)(continued): 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 

Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 

Par / Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

Sales Benchmark Index LLC 

Sargent Greenleaf Inc. 

Schlesinger Global, Inc. 

(PIK 

Sigma Defense Systems, LLC 

Smile Brands Inc. 

Solutionreach, Inc. 

Spendmend Holdings LLC 

STV Group Incorporated 

System Planning and Analysis, Inc. (f/k/a Management Consulting Research, LLC) 

Teneo Holdings LLC 

The Aegis Technologies Group, LLC 

The Bluebird Group LLC 

The Infosoft Group, LLC 

The Vertex Companies, LLC 

TPC Canada Parent, Inc. and TPC US Parent, LLC 

TVC Enterprises, LLC 

TWS Acquisition Corporation 

Tyto Athene, LLC (New Issue) 

UBEO, LLC 

Unique Indoor Comfort, LLC 

Walker Edison Furniture Company LLC 

(PIK 

Wildcat Buyerco, Inc. 

Zips Car Wash, LLC 

Total First Lien Secured Debt 

Second Lien Secured Debt - 

Inventus Power, Inc. 

Total Second Lien Secured Debt 

Equity Securities - 

New MPE Holdings, LLC 

Total Equity Securities 

Total Investments - 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - 

BlackRock Federal FD Institutional 30 

Total Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Total Investments and Cash Equivalents 1,389.26 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets (1,289.26) 

() 

Members' Equity 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

and , respectively) 

Cash and cash equivalents (cost and , respectively) 

Interest receivable 

Receivable for investment sold 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Due from affiliate 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Credit facility payable 

2032 Asset-backed debt, net (par 

2035 Asset-backed debt, net (par 

Notes payable to members 

Interest payable on Credit facility and asset backed debt 

Payable for investments purchased 

Interest payable on notes to members 

Accrued expenses 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Members' equity 

Total liabilities and members' equity 

(1) As of both September 30, 2023 and 2022 , PSSL had million and million unfunded commitments to fund investments, respectively. 

Other income 

Total investment income 

Expenses: 

Interest and expense on credit facility and asset-backed debt 

Interest expense on notes to members 

Administration fees 

General and administrative expenses 

Total expenses 

Net investment income 

Realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments: 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

() 

() 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in members' equity resulting from operations 

() 
 
 (1) No management or incentive fees are payable by PSSL. If any fees were to be charged, they would be separately disclosed in the Statements of Operations. 

A financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Generally, most of our investments, our 2031 Asset-Backed Debt, 2023 Notes and the Credit Facility are classified as Level 3. Our 2026 Notes are classified as Level 2 as they are financial instruments with readily observable market inputs. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the price used in an actual transaction may be different than our valuation and those differences may be material. The inputs into the determination of fair value may require significant management judgment or estimation. Even if observable market data is available, such information may be the result of consensus pricing information, disorderly transactions or broker quotes which include a disclaimer that the broker would not be held to such a price in an actual transaction. The non-binding nature of consensus pricing and/or quotes accompanied by disclaimer would result in classification as Level 3 information, assuming no additional corroborating evidence were available. Corroborating evidence that would result in classifying these non-binding broker/dealer bids as a Level 2 asset includes observable orderly market-based transactions for the same or similar assets or other relevant observable market-based inputs that may be used in pricing an asset. Our investments are generally structured as floating rate loans, mainly first lien secured debt, but also may include second lien secured debt, subordinated debt and equity investments. The transaction price, excluding transaction costs, is typically the best estimate of fair value at inception. Ongoing reviews by our Investment Adviser and independent valuation firms are based on an assessment of each underlying investment, incorporating valuations that consider the evaluation of financing and sale transactions with third parties, expected cash flows and market-based information including comparable transactions, performance multiples and yields, among other factors. These non-public investments valued using unobservable inputs are included in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. A review of fair value hierarchy classifications is conducted on a quarterly basis. Changes in our ability to observe valuation inputs may result in a reclassification for certain financial assets or liabilities. In addition to using the above inputs to value cash equivalents, investments, our 2023 Notes, our 2026 Notes, our 2031 Asset-Backed Debt and the Credit Facility, we employ the valuation policy approved by our board of directors that is consistent with ASC 820. Consistent with our valuation policy, we evaluate the source of inputs, including any markets in which our investments are trading, in determining fair value. See Note 2. As outlined in the table below, some of our Level 3 investments using a market approach valuation technique are valued using the average of the bids from brokers or dealers. The bids include a disclaimer, may not have corroborating evidence, may be the result of a disorderly transaction and may be the result of consensus pricing. The Investment Adviser assesses the source and reliability of bids from brokers or dealers. If the board of directors has a bona fide reason to believe any such bids do not reflect the fair value of an investment, it may independently value such investment by using the valuation procedure that it uses with respect to assets for which market quotations are not readily available. In accordance with ASC 820, we do not categorize any investments for which fair value is measured using the net asset value per share as a practical expedient within the fair value hierarchy. The remainder of our investment portfolio and our long-term Credit Facility are valued using a market comparable or an enterprise market value technique. With respect to investments for which there is no readily available market value, the factors that the board of directors may take into account in pricing our investments at fair value include, as relevant, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments, its earnings and discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to publicly traded securities and other relevant factors. When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, the pricing indicated by the external event, excluding transaction costs, is used to corroborate the valuation. When using earnings multiples to value a portfolio company, the multiple used requires the use of judgment and estimates in determining how a market participant would price such an asset. These non-public investments using unobservable inputs are included in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Generally, the sensitivity of unobservable inputs or combination of inputs such as industry comparable companies, market outlook, consistency, discount rates and reliability of earnings and prospects for growth, or lack thereof, affects the multiple used in pricing an investment. As a result, any change in any one of those factors may have a significant impact on the valuation of an investment. Generally, an increase in a market yield will result in a decrease in the valuation of a debt investment, while a decrease in a market yield will have the opposite effect. Generally, an increase in an earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, multiple will result in an increase in the valuation of an investment, while a decrease in an EBITDA multiple will have the opposite effect. 

Market Comparable 
 
 Broker/Dealer bids or quotes 
 
 N/A 

First lien 

Market Comparable 
 
 Market Yield 
 
 - 

First lien 

Enterprise Market Value 
 
 EBITDA multiple 
 
 x - x x) 

Second lien 

Market Comparable 
 
 Market Yield 

Second lien 

Enterprise Market Value 
 
 EBITDA multiple 
 
 x 

Equity 

Enterprise Market Value 
 
 EBITDA multiple 
 
 x - 1 x x) 

Equity 

Enterprise Market Value 
 
 DLOM 

Total Level 3 investments 

Long-Term Credit Facility and 2023 Notes 

Market Comparable 
 
 Market Yield 

Asset Category 
 
 Fair value at September 30, 2022 

Valuation Technique 
 
 Unobservable Input 
 
 Range of Input (Weighted Average) (1) 

First lien 

Market Comparable 
 
 Broker/Dealer bids or quotes 
 
 N/A 

First lien 

Market Comparable 
 
 Market Yield 

First lien 

Enterprise Market Value 
 
 EBITDA multiple 

Second lien 

Market Comparable 
 
 Market Yield 

Second lien 

Enterprise Market Value 
 
 EBITDA multiple 
 
 x 

Equity 

Enterprise Market Value 
 
 EBITDA multiple 
 
 x x x) 

Equity 

Enterprise Market Value 
 
 DLOM 

Total Level 3 investments 

Long-Term Credit Facility 

Market Comparable 
 
 Market Yield 

(1) . 

Second lien 

Equity 

Total investments 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Total investments and cash and cash equivalents 

Credit Facility payable 

2023 Notes payable 

2026 Notes payable (2) 

2031 Asset-Backed Debt (2) 

Total debt 

(1) 

 (2) 

Fair Value at September 30, 2022 

Description 
 
 Fair Value 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Measured at Net Asset Value (1) 

First lien 

Second lien 

Equity 

Total investments 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Total investments and cash and cash equivalents 

Credit Facility payable 

2023 Notes payable 

2026 Notes payable (2) 

2031 Asset-Backed Debt (2) 

Total debt 

(1) 

(2) 

Net realized losses 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized depreciation 

() 

() 

Purchases, PIK interest, net discount accretion and non-cash exchanges 

Sales, repayments and non-cash exchanges 

() 

() 

() 

Transfers in and/or out of Level 3 

Ending Balance 

Net change in unrealized depreciation reported within the net change in unrealized depreciation on investments in our Consolidated Statements of Operations attributable to our Level 3 assets still held at the reporting date . 

() 

() 

() 

Year Ended September 30, 2022 

Description 
 
 First Lien 

Second lien, subordinated debt and equity investments 

Totals 

Beginning Balance 

Net realized losses 

() 

() 

Net change in unrealized depreciation 

() 

() 

Purchases, PIK interest, net discount accretion and non-cash exchanges 

Sales, repayments and non-cash exchanges 

() 

() 

() 

Transfers in and/or out of Level 3 

Ending Balance 

Net change in unrealized appreciation reported within the net change in unrealized appreciation on investments in our Consolidated Statements of Operations attributable to our Level 3 assets still held at the reporting date. 

() 

() 

and , respectively) 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation included in earnings 

() 

Borrowings 

Repayments 

() 

() 

Net realized (gain) loss 

() 

Transfers in and/or out of Level 3 

Ending Balance (cost and , respectively) 

As of September 30, 2023 we did not have any outstanding non-U.S. dollar borrowings on the Credit Facility. 

() 

Generally, the carrying value of our consolidated financial liabilities approximates fair value. We have adopted the principles under ASC Subtopic 825-10, Financial Instruments, or ASC 825-10 , which provides companies with an option to report selected financial assets and liabilities at fair value, and made an irrevocable election to apply ASC 825-10 to the Credit Facility and the 2023 Notes. We elected to use the fair value option for the Credit Facility and the 2023 Notes to align the measurement attributes of both our assets and liabilities while mitigating volatility in earnings from using different measurement attributes. Due to that election and in accordance with GAAP, we incurred expenses of , million and million relating to amendment costs on the Credit Facility and debt issuance costs on the 2023 Notes during the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. ASC 825-10 establishes presentation and disclosure requirements designed to facilitate comparisons between companies that choose different measurement attributes for similar types of assets and liabilities and to more easily understand the effect on earnings of a company s choice to use fair value. ASC 825-10 also requires entities to display the fair value of the selected assets and liabilities on the face of the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities and changes in fair value of the Credit Facility and the 2023 Notes are reported in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. We elected not to apply ASC 825-10 to any other financial assets or liabilities, including our 2026 Notes and 2031 Asset-Backed Debt. For the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 , the Credit Facility or our Prior Credit Facility, as applicable, the 2023 Notes had a net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation of )million, million, and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022 , the net unrealized depreciation on the Credit Facility and the 2023 Notes totaled and million, respectively. We use a nationally recognized independent valuation service to measure the fair value of the Credit Facility and 2023 Notes in a manner consistent with the valuation process that the board of directors uses to value our investments. 

 93 
 
 PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 
 or more of its voting securities. A portfolio company is generally presumed to be a non-controlled affiliate when we own at least but or less of its voting securities and a controlled affiliate generally when we own more than of its voting securities. 

PennantPark Senior Secured 

Loan Fund I LLC 

() 

Total Controlled Affiliates 

() 

Total Controlled and Non-Controlled Affiliates 

() 

We and Kemper are the members of PSSL, a joint venture formed as a Delaware limited liability company that is not consolidated by us for financial reporting purposes. The members of PSSL make investments in the PSSL in the form of first lien secured debt and equity interests, and all portfolio and other material decisions regarding PSSL must be submitted to PSSL s board of directors or investment committee, both of which are comprised of two members appointed by each of us and Kemper. Because management of PSSL is shared equally between us and Kemper, we do not believe we control PSSL for purposes of the 1940 Act or otherwise. 

Denominator for basic and diluted weighted average shares 

Basic and diluted net increase in net assets per share resulting from operations 

() 

() 

Decrease in accumulated net realized loss 

() 

() 

Increase in undistributed net investment income 

() 

Net realized loss on investments 

Net change in unrealized depreciation (appreciation) on investments and debt 

() 

Other book-to-tax differences 

() 

() 

Other non-deductible expenses 

Taxable income before dividends paid deduction 

Short-term realized loss carried forward 

() 

() 

() 

Long-term realized loss carried forward 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions payable and other book to tax differences 

() 

() 

Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments and debt 

() 

() 

Total accumulated deficit book basis 

() 

() 

() 

Long-term capital gain 

Total distributions 

Total distributions per share based on weighted average shares 

million and million at fair value, respectively. 

Net investment income (1) 

Net change in realized and unrealized (loss) gain (1) 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations (1) 

Distributions to stockholders (1), (2) 

Distribution of net investment income 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Distribution of realized gains 

Total distributions to stockholders 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

(Dilutive) effect of common stock issuance 

() 

Net asset value, end of year 

Per share market value, end of year 

Total return (3) 

() 

() 

() 

Shares outstanding at end of year 

Ratios / Supplemental Data: 

Ratio of operating expenses to average net assets (4) 

Ratio of debt related expenses to average net assets (5) 

Ratio of total expenses to average net assets (5) 

Ratio of net investment income to average net assets (5) 

Net assets at end of year 

Weighted average debt outstanding 

Weighted average debt per share (1) 

Asset coverage per unit (6) 

Portfolio turnover ratio 

The expense and investment income ratios do not reflect the Company's proportionate share of income and expenses of PSSL and PTSF 

(1) 

 (2) 

 (3) 

 (4) 

 (5) 

 (6) to determine the asset coverage per unit. 

95 
 
 PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 
 , and , respectively. As of September 30, 2023 , in accordance with the 1940 Act, with certain limited exceptions, we are only allowed to borrow amounts such that we are in compliance with a asset coverage ratio requirement after such borrowing. On April 5, 2018, our board of directors approved the application of the modified asset coverage requirements set forth in Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act, as amended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2018 (which includes the Small Business Credit Availability Act, or SBCAA). As a result, the asset coverage requirement applicable to us for senior securities was reduced from (i.e., 1 of debt outstanding for each 1 of equity) to (i.e., 2 of debt outstanding for each 1 of equity), effective as of April 5, 2019, subject to compliance with certain disclosure requirements. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, our asset coverage ratio, as computed in accordance with the 1940 Act, was and , respectively. Credit Facility Funding I s multi-currency Credit Facility with affiliates of Truist Bank (formerly SunTrust Bank), or the Lenders upsized during the quarter with the addition of a new lender on July 24, 2023, increasing the facility by million, and was million as of September 30, 2023 , subject to satisfaction of certain conditions and the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC, has an interest rate spread above SOFR (or an alternative risk-free floating interest rate index) of , a maturity date of August 2026 and a revolving period that ends in . As of September 30, 2023 and 2022 , Funding I had million and million of outstanding borrowings under the Credit Facility, respectively. The Credit Facility had a weighted average interest rate of and , exclusive of the fee on undrawn commitments as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022 , we had million and million of unused borrowing capacity under the Credit Facility, respectively, subject to leverage and borrowing base restrictions. During the revolving period, the . The Credit Facility is secured by all of the assets of Funding I. Both we and Funding I have made customary representations and warranties and are required to comply with various covenants, reporting requirements and other customary requirements for similar credit facilities. The Credit Facility contains covenants, including, but not limited to, restrictions of loan size, industry requirements, average life of loans, geographic and individual portfolio concentrations, minimum portfolio yield and loan payment frequency. Additionally, the Credit Facility requires the maintenance of a minimum equity investment in Funding I and income ratio as well as restrictions on certain payments and issuance of debt. The Credit Facility compliance reporting is prepared on a basis of accounting other than GAAP. As of September 30, 2023, we were in compliance with the covenants relating to the Credit Facility. We own of the equity interest in Funding I and treat the indebtedness of Funding I as our leverage. Our Investment Adviser serves as collateral manager to Funding I under the Credit Facility. Our interest in Funding I (other than the management fee) is subordinate in priority of payment to every other obligation of Funding I and is subject to certain payment restrictions set forth in the Credit Facility. We may receive cash distributions on our equity interests in Funding I only after it has made all required payments of (1) cash interest and, if applicable, principal to the Lenders, (2) administrative expenses and (3) claims of other unsecured creditors of Funding I. The Investment Adviser has irrevocably directed that any management fee owed with respect to such services is to be paid to the Company so long as the Investment Adviser remains the collateral manager. 2023 Notes In November 2017, we issued million of our 2023 Notes of which million and million were outstanding as at September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The 2023 Notes were issued pursuant to a deed of trust between the Company and Mishmeret Trust Company, Ltd. as trustee. The 2023 Notes pay interest at a rate of per year. . The principal on the 2023 Notes will be payable in as follows: of the original principal amount on December 15, 2020, of the original principal amount on December 15, 2021, of the original principal amount on December 15, 2022 and of the original principal amount on December 15, 2023. The 2023 Notes are general, unsecured obligations, rank equal in right of payment with all of PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. s existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness and are generally redeemable at our option. The deed of trust governing the 2023 Notes includes certain customary covenants, including minimum equity requirements, and events of default. Please refer to the deed of trust filed as Exhibit (d)(8) to our post-effective amendment filed on December 13, 2017 for more information. The 2023 Notes are rated ilA- by S P Global Ratings Maalot Ltd. and are listed on the TASE. In connection with this offering, we have dual listed our common stock on the TASE. The 2023 Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration under the Securities Act or in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, such registration requirements. 2026 Notes In March 2021 and in October 2021, we issued million and million, respectively, in aggregate principal amount of million of our 2026 Notes at a public offering price per note of and , respectively. on April 1 and October 1 of each year, at a rate of per year, commencing October 1, 2021 . The 2026 Notes mature on and may be redeemed in whole or in part at our option subject to a make-whole premium if redeemed more than three months prior to maturity. The 2026 Notes are our general, unsecured obligations and rank equal in right of payment with all of our existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness. The 2026 Notes are effectively subordinated to all of our existing and future secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness and structurally subordinated to all of our existing and future indebtedness and other obligations of any of our subsidiaries, financing vehicles, or similar facilities. We do not intend to list the 2026 Notes on any securities exchange or automated dealer quotation system. 2031 Asset-Backed Debt In September 2019, the Company completed the million term debt securitization. Term debt securitizations, also known as CLOs, are a form of secured financing incurred by the Company, which is consolidated by the Company and subject to the Company s asset coverage requirements. The 2031 Asset-Backed Debt was issued by the Securitization Issuer. The 2031 Asset-Backed Debt is secured by the middle market loans, participation interests in middle market loans and other assets of the Securitization Issuer. The Debt Securitization was executed through (A) a private placement of: (i) million Class A-1 Senior Secured Floating Rate Loans maturing 2031, which bear interest at the , (ii) million Class A-2 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes due 2031, which bear interest at , (iii) million Class B-1 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2031, which bear interest at the , (iv) million Class B-2 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes due 2031, which bear interest at , (v) million Class C 1 Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2031, which bear interest at the three-month SOFR , (vi) million Class C-2 Secured Deferrable Fixed Rate Notes due 2031, which bear interest at , and (vii) million Class D Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Loans due 2031, which bear interest at the and (B) the borrowing of million Class A 1 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2031, which bear interest at the , under a credit agreement by and among the Securitization Issuers, as borrowers, various financial institutions, as lenders, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent and as loan agent. The annualized interest on the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt will be paid, to the extent of funds available. The reinvestment period of the Debt Securitization ends on October 15, 2023 and the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt is scheduled to mature on October 15, 2031. On the closing date of the Debt Securitization, in consideration of our transfer to the Securitization Issuer of the initial closing date loan portfolio, which included loans distributed to us by certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, the Securitization Issuer transferred to us of the Preferred Shares of the Securitization Issuer, of the Class D Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes issued by the Securitization Issuer, and a portion of the net cash proceeds received from the sale of the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt. The Preferred Shares of the Securitization Issuer do not bear interest and had a stated value of approximately million at the closing of the Debt Securitization. The 2031 Asset-Backed Debt is included in the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities as debt of the Company and the Class D Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes and the Preferred Shares of the Securitization Issuer were eliminated in consolidation. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022 , the Company had million, respectively, 2031 Asset-Backed Debt outstanding with a weighted average interest rate of and , respectively. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022 , the unamortized fees on the 2031 Asset-Backed Debt were million and million, respectively. Our Investment Adviser serves as collateral manager to the Securitization Issuer pursuant to the Collateral Management Agreement. For so long as our Investment Adviser serves as collateral manager, it will elect to irrevocably waive any collateral management fee to which it may be entitled under the Collateral Management Agreement. 

million and million, respectively, in commitments to fund investments. Additionally, as described in Note 4, the Company had unfunded commitments of up to million and million to PSSL as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 , respectively, that may be contributed primarily for the purpose of funding new investments approved by the PSSL board of directors or investment committee. 

97 

Supplementary Data 
 Selected Quarterly Data (Unaudited) 
 (dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 Item 9.	Changes in and Disagreements with Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 Item 9A.	Control s and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, we, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that, due to the material weaknesses in the Company s internal control over financial reporting described in Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, which appears on page 58 of this Form 10-K, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Specifically, material weaknesses were identified with respect to (i) the operations of controls relating to the quarterly cash and investment reconciliations and (ii) the operation of our internal controls over financial reporting relating to our review of interest income and non-accrual classification of investments. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of such possible controls and procedures. 
 
 Notwithstanding the material weaknesses referenced above, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, the Company s financial position, results of its operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for the periods presented. We have begun the process of, and we are focused on, further enhancing effective internal control measures to improve our internal control over financial reporting and remediate the material weaknesses noted above. Our internal control remediation efforts include the following: 
 		 Enhancing existing controls to ensure the review of the quarterly cash and investment reconciliation is adequately documented so as to provide evidence that the controls are operating effectively; 
 	Enhancing existing controls to ensure that our internal controls over financial reporting relating to our analysis of interest income and assessment of investments for classification as non-accrual investments are operating effectively; and 
 	Enhancing policies and procedures to demonstrate a commitment to improving our overall control environment. 
 
 We believe our planned actions to enhance our processes and controls will address these material weaknesses, but these actions are subject to ongoing management evaluation, and we will need a period of execution to demonstrate remediation. We are committed to the continuous improvement of our internal control over financial reporting and will continue to diligently review our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 (b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, which appears on page 60 of this Form 10-K, is incorporated by reference herein. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 
 As of September 30, 2023, management remediated the material weakness previously identified as of September 30, 2022 relating to procedures to ensure the timely transmission of portfolio company financial information to our independent valuation services providers. Although this material weakness did not result in any material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements, there is a possibility it could have led to a material misstatement of account balances or disclosures that were not prevented or detected. 
 
 Management remediated the material weakness by enhancing (a) existing controls to ensure the timely transmission of all relevant portfolio company financial information to our independent valuation service providers and (b) policies and procedures to demonstrate a commitment to improving our overall control environment. 
 
 As a result of the remediation activities, management has determined that management s controls were designed appropriately and at a sufficient level of precision, and have been operating effectively for a sufficient period of time, such that the material weakness previously identified as of September 30, 2022 has been remediated as of September 30, 2023. 
 Except as noted above, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during our most recently completed fiscal quarter, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Please see Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, which appears on page 59 of this Form 10-K, for descriptions of the material weaknesses identified by Management. 
 Item 9B.	Othe r Information 
 
 10b5-1 Disclosure 
 
 None of the officers or directors of the Company have or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements applicable to them (if any) or the Company. 
 
 Item 9C.	Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable 

PART III 
 We will file a definitive Proxy Statement for our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders with the SEC, pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. Accordingly, certain information required by Part III has been omitted under General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K. Only those sections of our definitive Proxy Statement that specifically address the items set forth herein are incorporated by reference. 
 Item 10.	Directors, Executive Of ficers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 Item 11.	Executi ve Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 Item 12.	Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 Item 13.	Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 
 Item 14.	Principal Accou ntant Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement relating to our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year. 

PART IV 
 Item 15.	Exhibits and Fina ncial Statement Schedules 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 
 (1) Index to Financial Statements Refer to Item 8 starting on page 52. 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules None. 

(3) Exhibits 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-170243), filed on March 29, 2011). 

3.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00891), filed on May 11, 2020). 

4.1 
 
 Form of Share Certificate (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-170243), filed on April 5, 2011). 

4.2 
 
 Deed of Trust dated November 23, 2017, between PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. and Mishmeret Trust Company, Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit (d)(8) to the Registrant s Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333- 215111), filed on December 13, 2017). 

4.3 
 
 Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2019, by and among PennantPark CLO I, Ltd., as issuer, PennantPark CLO I, LLC, as co-issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee and as collateral agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00891), filed on September 20, 2019). 

4.4 
 
 Indenture, dated as of March 23, 2021, by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00891), filed on March 23, 2021). 

4.5 
 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 23, 2021, by and between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00891), filed on March 23, 2021. 

4.6 
 
 Form of 4.25 Notes due 2026 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 hereto). 

4.7 
 
 Description of Securities (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-00891) filed on November 20, 2019). 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Administration Agreement between the Registrant and PennantPark Investment Administration, LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00736), filed on August 3, 2022) . 

10.2 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99(e) to the Registrant s Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-170243), filed on March 29, 2011). 

10.3 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Investment Advisory Agreement, dated as of February 2, 2016, between PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. and PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC (Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00891), filed on February 4, 2016). 

10.4 
 
 Limited Liability Company Agreement of PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC, dated as of May 4, 2017, by and between PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. and Trinity Universal Insurance Company (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00891), filed on August 8, 2017). 

10.5 
 
 Indemnification Agreement, dated as of November 15, 2016, between PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. and each of the directors and officers listed on Schedule A attached thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-00891) filed on November 22, 2016). 

10.6 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of September 19, 2019, by and among PennantPark CLO I, Ltd., as borrower, PennantPark CLO I, LLC, as co-borrower, the various financial institutions party thereto from time to time, as lenders, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent and as loan agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00891), filed on September 20, 2019). 

10.7 
 
 Collateral Management Agreement, dated as of September 19, 2019, between PennantPark CLO I, Ltd., as issuer, and PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC, as collateral manager (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00891), filed on September 20, 2019). 

10.8 
 
 Master Loan Sale Agreement, dated as of September 19, 2019, among PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd., as seller, PennantPark CLO I Depositor, LLC, as intermediate seller, and PennantPark CLO I, Ltd., as buyer (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.5 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00891), filed on September 20, 2019). 

10.10 
 
 Master Participation Agreement, dated as of September 19, 2019, between PennantPark Floating Rate Funding I, LLC, as seller and PennantPark CLO I, Ltd., as buyer (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.6 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00891), filed on September 20, 2019). 

10.11 
 
 Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2021, among PennantPark Floating Rate Funding I, LLC, as the borrower, PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC, as the collateral manager, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Truist Bank., as administrative agent, Truist Securities, Inc., as lead arranger, U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent, U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral administrator, U.S. Bank National Association, as backup collateral manager, and U.S. Bank National Association, as custodian (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00891), filed on August 18, 2021) . 

10.12 
 
 Amended and Restated Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2021, among PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd., as the seller, and PennantPark Floating Rate Funding I, LLC, as the buyer. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00891), filed on August 18, 2021). 

10.13 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement - JMP Securities LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00736), filed on August 3, 2022). 

10.14 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement - Raymond James Associates, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00736), filed on August 3, 2022). 

10.15 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2023, by and among PennantPark Floating Rate Capital, Ltd., PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC, PennantPark Investment Administration, LLC and JMP Securities LLC, as the sales agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K (File No. 814-00891), filed on March 31, 2023). 

10.16 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2023, by and among PennantPark Floating Rate Capital, Ltd., PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC, PennantPark Investment Administration, LLC and Raymond James Associates, Inc., as the sales agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Registrant's Form 8-K (File No. 814-00891), filed on March 31, 2023). 

10.17 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2023, by and among PennantPark Floating Rate Capital, Ltd., PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC, PennantPark Investment Administration, LLC and Truist Securities, Inc., as the sales agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.3 to the Registrant's Form 8-K (File No. 814-00891), filed on March 31, 2023). 

10.18 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2023, by and among PennantPark Floating Rate Capital, Ltd., PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC, PennantPark Investment Administration, LLC and Citizens JMP Securities, LLC, as the sales agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K (File No. 814-00891), filed on August 11, 2023). 

10.19 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2023, by and among PennantPark Floating Rate Capital, Ltd., PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC, PennantPark Investment Administration, LLC and Raymond James Associates, Inc., as the sales agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Registrant's Form 8-K (File No. 814-00891), filed on August 11, 2023). 

10.20 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2023, by and among PennantPark Floating Rate Capital, Ltd., PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC, PennantPark Investment Administration, LLC and Truist Securities, Inc., as the sales agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.3 to the Registrant's Form 8-K (File No. 814-00891), filed on August 11, 2023). 

10.21 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated August 8, 2022, among PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd., PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC, PennantPark Investment Administration, LLC, and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Keefe, Bruyette Woods, Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC and Truist Securities, Inc., as representatives of the several underwriters named on Schedule A thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00891), filed on August 11, 2022). 

10.22 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated January 23, 2023, among PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd., PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC, PennantPark Investment Administration, LLC, and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, UBS Securities LLC, Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Keefe, Bruyette Woods, Inc., as representatives of the several underwriters named on Schedule A thereto (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K (File No. 814-00891), filed on January 26, 2023). 

10.23 
 
 First Amendment to Revolving Credit and Security Agreement, dated September 15, 2022, among PennantPark Floating Rate Funding I, LLC, PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Truist Bank, as administrative agent and swingline lender, U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent, custodian, collateral administrator and backup collateral manager (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00891), filed on September 21, 2022). 

14.1 
 
 Joint Code of Ethics of the Registrant. 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of RSM US LLP. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

99.1 
 
 Privacy Policy of the Registrant. 

99.2 
 
 Report of RSM US LLP on Senior Securities Table 

99.3 
 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC for the Years Ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. 

99.4 
 
 Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC for the Years Ended September 30, 2022 and 2021. 

97.1 
 
 Clawback Policy . 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on December 7, 2023. 

By: 
 
 /s/ ARTHUR H. PENN 

Name: 
 
 Arthur H. Penn 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ ARTHUR H. PENN 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 December 7, 2023 

Arthur H. Penn 

/s/ RICHARD T. ALLORTO, JR. 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 December 7, 2023 

Richard T. Allorto, Jr. 

/s/ ADAM K. BERNSTEIN 
 
 Director 
 
 December 7, 2023 

Adam K. Bernstein 

/s/ JEFFREY FLUG 
 
 Director 
 
 December 7, 2023 

Jeffrey Flug 

/s/ MARSHALL BROZOST 
 
 Director 
 
 December 7, 2023 

Marshall Brozost 

/s/ SAMUEL L. KATZ 
 
 Director 
 
 December 7, 2023 

Samuel L. Katz 

/s/ JOS A. BRIONES, JR. 
 
 Director 
 
 December 7, 2023 

Jos A. Briones 

<EX-14.1>
 2
 pflt-ex14_1.htm
 EX-14.1

EX-14.1 

JOINT CODE OF ETHICS FOR 
 PENNANTPARK INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD. 
 PENNANTPARK INVESTMENT ADVISERS, LLC 
 
 Section I Statement of General Fiduciary Principles 
 This Joint Code of Ethics (the Code has been adopted by each of PennantPark Investment Corporation, PennantPark Floating Rate Capital, Ltd. (each individually, the Corporation ), and PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC, the Corporations investment adviser (the Adviser ), in compliance with Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the Act and Section 204A of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (the Advisers Act ). The purpose of the Code is to establish standards and procedures for the detection and prevention of activities by which persons having knowledge of the investments and investment intentions of the Corporations may abuse their fiduciary duty to the Corporations, and otherwise to deal with the types of conflict-of-interest situations to which Rule 17j-1 under the Act Rule 17j-1 is addressed. As it relates to Section 204A of the Advisers Act, the purpose of this Code is to establish procedures that, taking into consideration the nature of the Adviser s business, are reasonably designed to prevent misuse of material non-public information in violation of the federal securities laws by persons associated with the Adviser. 
 The Code is based on the principle that the directors and officers of the Corporations, and the managers, partners, officers and employees of the Adviser, who provide services to the Corporations, owe a fiduciary duty to the Corporations to conduct their personal securities transactions in a manner that does not interfere with the Corporations transactions or otherwise take unfair advantage of their relationship with the Corporations. All directors, managers, partners, officers and employees of the Corporations, and the Adviser Covered Personnel are expected to adhere to this general principle as well as to comply with all of the specific provisions of this Code that are applicable to them. Any Covered Personnel who is affiliated with another entity that is a registered investment adviser is, in addition, expected to comply with the provisions of the code of ethics that has been adopted by such other investment adviser. 
 Technical compliance with the Code will not automatically insulate any Covered Personnel from scrutiny of transactions that show a pattern of compromise or abuse of the individual s fiduciary duty to the Corporation. Accordingly, all Covered Personnel must seek to avoid any actual or potential conflicts between their personal interests and the interests of the Corporation and its shareholders. In sum, all Covered Personnel shall place the interests of the Corporation before their own personal interests. 
 All Covered Personnel must read and retain this Code. 
 
 Section II Definitions 
 
 (A) Access Person means any director, officer, general partner or Advisory Person (as defined below) of the Corporations or the Adviser. 
 (B) An Advisory Person of the Corporation or the Adviser means: (i) any employee of the Corporation or the Adviser, or any company in a Control (as defined below) relationship to the Corporation or the Adviser, who in connection with his or her regular functions or duties makes, participates in, or obtains information regarding the purchase or sale of any Covered Security (as defined below) by the Corporation, or whose functions relate to the making of any recommendation with respect to such purchases or sales; and (ii) any natural person in a Control relationship to the Corporation or the Adviser, who obtains information concerning recommendations made to the Corporation with regard to the purchase or sale of any Covered Security by the Corporation. 
 (C) Beneficial Ownership is interpreted in the same manner as it would be under Rule 16a- 1(a)(2) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 1934 Act in determining whether a person is a beneficial owner of a security for purposes of Section 16 of the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 (D) Chief Compliance Officer means the Chief Compliance Officer of the Corporation (who also may serve as the compliance officer of the Adviser and/or one or more affiliates of the Adviser). 
 (E) Control shall have the same meaning as that set forth in Section 2(a)(9) of the Act. 
 (F) Covered Security means a security as defined in Section 2(a)(36) of the Act, which includes: any note, stock, treasury stock, security future, bond, debenture, evidence of indebtedness, certificate of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement, collateral-trust certificate, pre-organization certificate or subscription, transferable share, investment contract, voting-trust certificate, certificate of deposit for a security, fractional undivided interest in oil, gas, or other mineral rights, any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege on any security (including a certificate of deposit) or on any group or index of securities (including any interest therein or based on the value thereof), or any put, call, straddle, option, or privilege entered into on a national securities exchange relating to foreign currency, or, in general, any interest or instrument commonly known as a security, or any certificate of interest or participation in, temporary or interim certificate for, receipt for, guarantee of, or warrant or right to subscribe to or purchase, any of the foregoing. However, a Covered Security does not include: (i) direct obligations of the Government of the United States; (ii) bankers acceptances, bank certificates of deposit, commercial paper and high-quality short-term debt instruments, including repurchase agreements; and (iii) shares issued by open-end investment companies registered under the Act. References to a Covered Security in this Code (e.g., a prohibition or requirement applicable to the purchase or sale of a Covered Security) shall be deemed to refer to and to include any warrant for, option in, or security immediately convertible into that Covered Security, and shall also include any instrument that has an investment return or value that is based, in whole or in part, on that Covered Security (collectively, Derivatives ). Therefore, except as otherwise specifically provided by this Code: (i) any prohibition or requirement of this Code applicable to the purchase or sale of a Covered Security shall also be applicable to the purchase or sale of a Derivative relating to that Covered Security; and (ii) any prohibition or requirement of this Code applicable to the purchase or sale of a Derivative shall also be applicable to the purchase or sale of a Covered Security relating to that Derivative. 
 (G) Independent Director means a director of the Corporation who is not an interested person of the Corporation within the meaning of Section 2(a)(19) of the Act. 
 (H) Initial Public Offering means an offering of securities registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 1933 Act ), the issuer of which, immediately before the registration, was not subject to the reporting requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the 1934 Act. 
 (I) Limited Offering means an offering that is exempt from registration under the 1933 Act pursuant to Section 4(2) or Section 4(6) thereof or pursuant to Rule 504, Rule 505, or Rule 506 thereunder. 
 (J) Restricted List means the Pipeline report of potential investments combined with the current holdings of the clients. PennantPark Access Persons are restricted from trading any security on the Restricted List. 
 (K) Security Held or to be Acquired by the Corporation means: (i) any Covered Security which, within the most recent 15 days: (A) is or has been held by the Corporation; or (B) is being or has been considered by the Corporation or the Adviser for purchase by the Corporation; and (ii) any option to purchase or sell, and any security convertible into or exchangeable for, a Covered Security described in Section II (K)(i) of this Code. 
 (L) 17j-1 Organization means the Corporation or the Adviser, as the context requires. 

BUSINESS.28110458.6 

Section III Objective and General Prohibitions 
 Covered Personnel may not engage in any investment transaction under circumstances in which the Covered Personnel benefits from or interferes with the purchase or sale of investments by the Corporation. In addition, Covered Personnel may not use information concerning the investments or investment intentions of the Corporation, or their ability to influence such investment intentions, for personal gain or in a manner detrimental to the interests of the Corporation. 
 Covered Personnel may not engage in conduct that is deceitful, fraudulent or manipulative, or that involves false or misleading statements, in connection with the purchase or sale of investments by the Corporation. In this regard, Covered Personnel should recognize that Rule 17j- 1 makes it unlawful for any affiliated person of the Corporation, or any affiliated person of an investment adviser for the Corporation, in connection with the purchase or sale, directly or indirectly, by the person of a Security Held or to be Acquired by the Corporation to: 
 (i)employ any device, scheme or artifice to defraud the Corporation; 
 (ii) make any untrue statement of a material fact to the Corporation or omit to state to the Corporation a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading; 
 (iii) engage in any act, practice or course of business that operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon the Corporation; or 
 (iv)engage in any manipulative practice with respect to the Corporation. 
 Covered Personnel should also recognize that a violation of this Code or of Rule 17j-1 may result in the imposition of: (1) sanctions as provided by Section VIII of this Code; or (2) administrative, civil and, in certain cases, criminal fines, sanctions or penalties. 
 
 Section IV Pre-Clearance of Personal Account Transactions; Window Period to Trade PennantPark shares 
 Except as noted below, all Access Persons must obtain the prior written approval of the Managing Member (or such person as the Managing Member may designate) Approving Officer before engaging in any transaction in his or her Personal Account. The Approving Officer may approve the transaction if he concludes that the transaction would comply with the provisions of this Code and is not likely to have any adverse economic impact on clients. A request for preclearance must be made by email, with a copy to the Compliance Officer, in advance of the contemplated transaction. No particular form is required, but the email must include sufficient detail for the Approving Officer to decide if a trade is permissible and a statement that the Access Person has reviewed the Pipeline Report for any conflicts. 
 Any approval given under this paragraph will be provided by email and will remain in effect for 72 hours. 
 
 Exceptions to the Pre-Clearance Requirement Policy, 
 Access Persons will be allowed to trade securities of the Corporations during a window period that may be announced following the release of Corporations earnings release. If the window is opened for trading, it will begin no earlier than the second business day after a Corporation publicly releases quarterly or annual financial results and extends no later than (i) 30 calendar days after the release of results (29 calendar days in all) or (ii) in the case of either Corporation s and the Adviser s decision to buy or sell the applicable Corporation s equity securities, the end of the quarterly period during which such financial results of such Corporation have been publicly released. Note that the ability of an officer, director or other Access Person to engage in transactions in the securities of a Corporation during a window period is not automatic or absolute because no trades may be made even during a window period by an individual who possesses material, nonpublic information about the Corporation, including any decision by the Corporation to buy or sell its own shares. Further, the window period may not open in a particular quarter, and it may be closed, as the case may be, prior to the expiration of 30 days or the applicable quarter end, in each case as events require. 
 Additionally, Independent Directors are not required to seek preapproval for any transactions other than those which would trigger reporting requirements as set forth in Section VI (C) of this Code. 
 
 Section V Prohibited Transactions 
 (A) An Access Person may not purchase or otherwise acquire direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership of any Covered Security on the Restricted List, and may not sell or otherwise dispose of any Covered Security on the Restricted List in which he or she has direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership, if he or she knows or should know at the time of entering into the transaction that: (1) the Corporation has purchased or sold the Covered Security within the last 15 calendar days, or is purchasing or selling or intends to purchase or sell the Covered Security in the next 15 calendar days; or (2) the Adviser has within the last 15 calendar days considered purchasing or selling the Covered Security for the Corporation or within the next 15 calendar days intend to consider purchasing or selling the Covered Security for the Corporation. 
 (B) Every Advisory Person of the Corporation or the Adviser must obtain approval from the Corporation or the Adviser, as the case may be, before directly or indirectly acquiring Beneficial Ownership in any securities in an Initial Public Offering or in a Limited Offering. Such approval must be obtained from the Chief Compliance Officer, unless he is the person seeking such approval, in which case it must be obtained from the President of the 17j-1 Organization. 
 (C) No Access Person shall recommend any transaction in any Covered Securities by the Corporation without having disclosed to the Chief Compliance Officer his or her interest, if any, in such Covered Securities or the issuer thereof, including: the Access Person s Beneficial Ownership of any Covered Securities of such issuer; any contemplated transaction by the Access Person in such Covered Securities; any position the Access Person has with such issuer; and any present or proposed business relationship between such issuer and the Access Person (or a party which the Access Person has a significant interest). 
 
 Section VI Reports by Access Persons 
 (A) Personal Securities Holdings Reports. 
 All Access Persons shall within 10 days of the date on which they become Access Persons, and thereafter, within 30 days after the end of each calendar year, disclose the title, number of shares and principal amount of all Covered Securities in which they have a Beneficial Ownership as of the date the person became an Access Person, in the case of such person s initial report, and as of the last day of the year, as to annual reports. A form of such report, which is hereinafter called a Personal Securities Holdings Report, is attached hereto as Schedule A. Each Personal Securities Holdings Report must also disclose the name of any broker, dealer or bank with whom the Access Person maintained an account in which any securities were held for the direct or indirect benefit of the Access Person as of the date the person became an Access Person or as of the last day of the year, as the case may be. Each Personal Securities Holdings Report shall state the date it is being submitted. 
 
 (B) Quarterly Transaction Reports. 
 Within 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, each Access Person shall make a written report to the Chief Compliance Officer of all transactions occurring in the quarter in a Covered Security in which he or she had any Beneficial Ownership. A form of such report, which is hereinafter called a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report, is attached hereto as Schedule B. 
 
 BUSINESS.28110458.6 
 
 A Quarterly Securities Transaction Report shall be in the form of Schedule B or such other form approved by the Chief Compliance Officer and must contain the following information with respect to each reportable transaction: 
 (1) Date and nature of the transaction (purchase, sale or any other type of acquisition or disposition); 
 (2) Title, interest rate and maturity date (if applicable), number of shares and principal amount of each Covered Security involved and the price of the Covered Security at which the transaction was effected; 
 (3) Name of the broker, dealer or bank with or through whom the transaction was effected; and 
 (4) The date the report is submitted by the Access Person. 
 
 (C) Independent Directors. 
 Notwithstanding the reporting requirements set forth in this Section V, an Independent .Director who would be required to make a report under this Section V solely by reason of being a director of the Corporation is not required to file a Personal Securities Holding Report upon becoming a director of the Corporation or an annual Personal Securities Holding Report. Such an Independent Director also need not file a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report unless such director knew or, in the ordinary course of fulfilling his or her official duties as a director of the Corporation, should have known that during the 15-day period immediately preceding or after the date of the transaction in a Covered Security by the director such Covered Security is or was purchased or sold by the Corporation or the Corporation or the Adviser considered purchasing or selling such Covered Security. 
 
 (D)Access Persons of the Adviser. 
 An Access Person of the Adviser need not make a Quarterly Transaction Report if all of the information in the report would duplicate information required to be recorded pursuant to Rules 204-2(a)(12) or (13) under the Advisers Act. 
 
 (E) Brokerage Accounts and Statements. 
 
 Access Persons, except Independent Directors, shall: 
 (1) within 10 days after the end of each calendar quarter, identify the name of the broker, dealer or bank with whom the Access Person established an account in which any securities were held during the quarter for the direct or indirect benefit of the Access Person and identify any new account(s) and the date the account(s) were established. This information shall be included on the appropriate Quarterly Securities Transaction Report. 
 (2) instruct the brokers, dealers or banks with whom they maintain such an account to provide duplicate account statements to the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 (3) on an annual basis, certify that they have complied with the requirements of (1) and (2) above. 
 
 (F) Form of Reports. 
 A Quarterly Securities Transaction Report may consist of broker statements or other statements that provide a list of all personal Covered Securities holdings and transactions in the time period covered by the report and contain the information required in a Quarterly Securities Transaction Report. 
 
 (G) Responsibility to Report. 
 It is the responsibility of each Access Person to take the initiative to comply with the requirements of this Section VI. Any effort by the Corporation, or by the Adviser and its affiliates, to facilitate the reporting process does not change or alter that responsibility. A person need not make a report hereunder with respect to transactions effected for, and Covered Securities held in, any account over which the person has no direct or indirect influence or control. 
 
 (H) Where to File Reports. 
 All Quarterly Securities Transaction Reports and Personal Securities Holdings Reports must be filed with the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 
 (I) Disclaimers. 
 Any report required by this Section VI may contain a statement that the report will not be construed as an admission that the person making the report has any direct or indirect Beneficial Ownership in the Covered, Security to which the report relates. 
 
 Section VII Additional Prohibitions 
 (A) Confidentiality of the Corporation s Transactions. 
 Until disclosed in a public report to shareholders or to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC in the normal course, all information concerning the securities being considered for purchase or sale by the Corporation shall be kept confidential by all Covered Personnel and disclosed by them only on a need to know basis. It shall be the responsibility of the Chief Compliance Officer to report any inadequacy found in this regard to the directors of the Corporation. 
 
 (B) Outside Business Activities and Directorships. 
 Access Persons may not engage in any outside business activities that may give rise to conflicts of interest or jeopardize the integrity or reputation of the Corporation. Similarly, no such outside business activities may be inconsistent with the interests of the Corporation. All directorships of public or private companies held by Access Persons shall be reported to the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 
 (C) Gratuities. 
 Covered Personnel shall not, directly or indirectly, take, accept or receive gifts or other consideration in merchandise, services or otherwise of more than nominal value from any person, firm, corporation, association or other entity other than such person s employer that does business, or proposes to do business, with the Corporation. 
 
 Section VIII Prohibition Against Insider Trading 
 This Section is intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 204A of the Advisers Act, which is applicable to the Adviser and requires that the Adviser establish and enforce procedures designed to prevent the misuse of material, non-public information by its associated persons. It applies to all Advisory Persons. Trading 
 
 BUSINESS.28110458.6 
 
 securities while in possession of material, non-public information, or improperly communicating that information to others, may expose an Advisory Person to severe penalties. Criminal sanctions may include a fine of up to 1,000,000 and/or ten years imprisonment. The SEC can recover the profits gained or losses avoided through the violative trading, a penalty of up to three times the illicit windfall, and an order permanently barring an Advisory Person from the securities industry. Finally, an Advisory Person may be sued by investors seeking to recover damages for insider trading violations. 
 
 (A) No Advisory Person may trade a security, either personally or on behalf of any other person or account (including any fund), while in possession of material, non-public information concerning that security or the issuer thereof, nor may any Advisory Person communicate material, non-public information to others in violation of the law. 
 (B) Information is material where there is a substantial likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider it important in making his or her investment decisions. Generally, this includes any information the disclosure of which will have a substantial effect on the price of a security. No simple test exists to determine when information is material; assessments of materiality involve a highly fact specific inquiry. For this reason, an Advisory Person should direct any questions about whether information is material to the Chief Compliance Officer. Material information often relates to a company s results and operations, including, for example, dividend changes, earnings results, changes in previously released earnings estimates, significant merger or acquisition proposals or agreements, major litigation, liquidation problems, and extraordinary management developments. Material information may also relate to the market for a company s securities. Information about a significant order to purchase or sell Securities may, in some contexts, be material. Pre- publication information regarding reports in the financial press may also be material. 
 (C) Information is public when it has been disseminated broadly to investors in the marketplace. For example, information is public after it has become available to the general public through a public filing with the SEC or some other government agency, the Dow Jones tape or The Wall Street Journal or some other publication of general circulation, and after sufficient time has passed so that the information has been disseminated widely. 
 (D) An Advisory Person, before executing any trade for himself or herself, or others, including the Corporation or other accounts managed by the Adviser or by a stockholder of the Adviser, or any affiliate of the stockholder (collectively, Client Accounts ), must determine whether he or she has material, non-public information. Any Advisory Person who believes he or she is in possession of material, non-public information must take the following steps: 
 (1) Report the information and proposed trade immediately to the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 (2) Do not purchase or sell the securities on behalf of anyone, including Client Accounts. 
 (3) Do not communicate the information to any person, other than to the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 
 After the Chief Compliance Officer has reviewed the issue, the Chief Compliance Officer will determine whether the information is material and non-public and, if so, what action the Advisory Person should take. An Advisory Person must consult with the Chief Compliance Officer before taking any further action. This degree of caution will protect the Advisory Person and the Adviser. 
 (E) To prevent and detect insider trading from occurring, the Chief Compliance Officer shall prepare and maintain a Restricted List in order to monitor and prevent the occurrence of insider trading in certain securities that Access Persons are prohibited or restricted from trading. The Chief Compliance Officer manages, maintains and updates the Restricted List to actually restrict trading (no buying, no selling, no shorting, no trading, etc.) in the securities of specific issuers for personal accounts and on behalf Adviser s clients. Before executing any trade for himself or herself, Advisory Persons are required to determine whether the transaction involves a security on the Restricted List. Advisory Persons are prohibited from trading any security which appears on the Restricted List, except that, with prior approval, an Advisory Person may sell securities which were not on the Restricted List when acquired (or which were acquired at a time when the Advisory Person was not subject to such restrictions). The Restricted List must be maintained strictly confidential and not disclosed to anyone outside of the Adviser and the Corporation. 
 (F) Contacts with public companies will sometimes be a part of an Adviser s research efforts. Persons providing investment advisory services to the Corporation may make investment decisions on the basis of conclusions formed through such contacts and analysis of publicly available information. Difficult legal issues arise, however, when, in the course of these contacts, an Advisory Person becomes aware of material, non-public information. This could happen, for example, if a company s chief financial officer prematurely discloses quarterly results to an analyst, or an investor relations representative makes selective disclosure of adverse news to a handful of investors. In such situations, the Adviser must make a judgment as to its further conduct. To protect yourself, clients and the Adviser, you should contact the Chief Compliance Officer immediately if you believe that you may have received material, non-public information. 
 
 Section IX Annual Certification 
 (A) Access Persons. 
 Access Persons who are directors, managers, officers or employees of the Corporation or the Adviser shall be required to certify annually that they have read this Code and that they understand it and recognize that they are subject to it. Further, such Access Persons shall be required to certify annually that they have complied with the requirements of this Code. 
 
 (B) Board Review. 
 No less frequently than annually, the Corporation and the Adviser must furnish to the Corporation s board of directors, and the board must consider, a written report that: (1) describes any issues arising under this Code or procedures since the last report to the board, including, but not limited to, information about material violations of this Code or procedures and sanctions imposed in response to material violations; and (2) certifies that the Corporation or the Adviser, as applicable, has adopted procedures reasonably necessary to prevent Access Persons from violating this Code. 
 
 Section X Sanctions 
 Any violation of this Code shall be subject to the imposition of such sanctions by the 17j-1 Organization as may be deemed appropriate under the circumstances to achieve the purposes of Rule 17j-1 and this Code. The sanctions to be imposed shall be determined by the board of directors, including a majority of the Independent Directors, provided, however, that with respect to violations by persons who are directors, managers, officers or employees of the Adviser (or of a company that controls the Adviser), the sanctions to be imposed shall be determined by the Adviser (or the controlling person thereof). Sanctions may include, but are not limited to, suspension or termination of employment, a letter of censure and/or restitution of an amount equal to the difference between the price paid or received by the Corporation and the more advantageous price paid or received by the offending person. 
 
 Section XI Administration and Construction 
 (A) The administration of this Code shall be the responsibility of the Chief Compliance Officer. 
 (B) The duties of the Chief Compliance Officer are as follows: 
 (1) Continuous maintenance of a current list of the names of all Access Persons with an appropriate description of their title or employment, including a notation 
 
 BUSINESS.28110458.6 
 
 of any directorships held by Access Persons who are officers or employees of the Adviser or of any company that controls the Adviser, and informing all Access Persons of their reporting obligations hereunder; 
 (2) On an annual basis, providing all Covered Personnel a copy of this Code and informing such persons of their duties and obligations hereunder including any supplemental training that may be required from time to time; 
 (3) Maintaining or supervising the maintenance of all records and reports required by this Code; 
 (4) Preparing listings of all transactions effected by Access Persons who are subject to the requirement to file Quarterly Securities Transaction Reports and reviewing such transactions against a listing of all transactions effected by the Corporation; 
 (5) Issuance either personally or with the assistance of counsel as may be appropriate, of any interpretation of this Code that may appear consistent with the objectives of Rule 17j-1 and this Code; 
 (6) Conduct such inspections or investigations as shall reasonably be required to detect and report, with recommendations, any apparent violations of this Code to the board of directors of the Corporation; 
 (7) Submission of a report to the board of directors of the Corporation, no less frequently than annually, a written report that describes any issues arising under the Code since the last such report, including but not limited to the information described in Section VI (B); and 
 (C) The Chief Financial Officer shall maintain and cause to be maintained in an easily accessible place at the principal place of business of the 17j-1 Organization, the following records: 
 (1) A copy of all codes of ethics adopted by the Corporation or the Adviser and its affiliates, as the case may be, pursuant to Rule 17j-1 that have been in effect at any time during the past five (5) years; 
 (2) A record of each violation of such codes of ethics and of any action taken as a result of such violation for at least five (5) years after the end of the fiscal year in which the violation occurs; 
 (3) A copy of each report made by an Access Person for at least two (2) years after the end of the fiscal year in which the report is made, and for an additional three (3) years in a place that need not be easily accessible; 
 (4) A copy of each report made by the Chief Compliance Officer to the board of directors for two (2) years from the end of the fiscal year of the Corporation in which such report is made or issued and for an additional three (3) years in a place that need not be easily accessible; 
 (5) A list of all persons who are, or within the past five (5) years have been, required to make reports pursuant to Rule 17j-1 and this Code, or who are or were responsible for reviewing such reports; 
 (6) A copy of each report required by Section VII (B) of this Code for at least two (2) years after the end of the fiscal year in which it is made, and for an additional three (3) years in a place that need not be easily accessible; and 
 (7) A record of any decision, and the reasons supporting the decision, to approve the acquisition by an Advisory Person of securities in an Initial Public Offering or Limited Offering for at least five (5) years after the end of the fiscal year in which the approval is granted. 
 (D) This Code may not be amended or modified except in a written form that is specifically approved by majority vote of the Independent Directors. 
 
 This Joint Code of Ethics, originally adopted December 12, 2007 and amended as of November 14, 2023, is annually reviewed and approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation, including a majority of the Independent Directors. 
 
 PENNANTPARK INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 
 CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT 
 
 Covered Persons/Purpose of the Code 
 
 This code of business conduct (this Code for PennantPark Investment Corporation (the Corporation applies to the Corporation s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions (collectively, the Covered Officers ), as well as directors, officers, and employees (collectively with the Covered Officers, the Covered Persons for the purpose of promoting: 
 honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships; 

full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that a registrant files with, or submits to, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or the New York Stock Exchange NYSE and in other public communications made by the Corporation; 

compliance with applicable laws and governmental rules and regulations; 

the prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code to an appropriate person or persons identified in the Code; and 

accountability for adherence to the Code. 

Each Covered Person should adhere to a high standard of business ethics and should be sensitive to situations that may give rise to actual as well as apparent conflicts of interest. 
 
 II. Covered Persons Should Handle Ethically Actual and Apparent Conflicts of Interest 
 
 A conflict of interest occurs when a Covered Person s private interest interferes with the interests of, or his/her service to, the Corporation. For example, a conflict of interest would arise if a Covered Person, or a member of his/her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his/her position in the Corporation. 
 Certain conflicts of interest arise out of the relationships between Covered Persons and the Corporation and already are subject to conflict of interest provisions in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). For example, Covered Officers may not individually engage in certain transactions (such as the purchase or sale of securities or other property) with the Corporation because of their status as affiliated persons of the Corporation. The Corporation s compliance programs and procedures are designed to prevent, or identify and correct, violations of these provisions. Each Covered Officer is an employee of a service provider Service Provider to the Corporation. Although typically not presenting an opportunity for improper personal benefit, conflicts arise from, or as a result of, the contractual relationship between the Corporation and the Service Providers of which the Covered Officers are also officers or employees. As a result, this Code recognizes that the Covered Officers will, in the normal course of their duties (whether formally for the Corporation or for the Service Provider of which the Covered Officer is an 
 
 BUSINESS.28110458.6 
 
 employee, or for both), be involved in establishing policies and implementing decisions which will have different effects on the Service Provider and the Corporation. The participation of the Covered Officers in such activities is inherent in the contractual relationship between the Corporation and the Service Provider and is consistent with the performance by the Covered Officers of their duties as officers of the Corporation. Thus, if performed in conformity with the provisions of the Investment Company Act, such activities will be deemed to have been handled ethically. In addition, it is recognized by the Board of Directors that the Covered Officers may also be or in the future become officers or employees of one or more other investment companies covered by this or other Codes. 
 Other conflicts of interest are covered by the Code, even if such conflicts of interest are not subject to provisions in the Investment Company Act. The following list provides examples of conflicts of interest under the Code, but Covered Persons should keep in mind that these examples are not exhaustive. The overarching principle is that the personal interest of a Covered Person should not be placed improperly before the interest of the Corporation. 
 
 Each 
 Covered Person must: 
 not use his personal influence or personal relationships improperly to influence investment decisions or financial reporting by the Corporation whereby the Covered Person would benefit personally to the detriment of the Corporation; 

not cause the Corporation to take action, or fail to take action, for the individual personal benefit of the Covered Person rather than for the benefit of the Corporation; and 

not use material non-public knowledge of portfolio transactions made or contemplated for the Corporation to trade personally or cause others to trade personally in contemplation of the market effect of such transactions. 

There are some conflict of interest situations that may be discussed with the Corporation s Chief Compliance Officer if material. Examples of these include: 1 
 service as a director on the board of any public or private company; 

1 Any activity or relationship that would present a conflict for a Covered Person would likely also present a conflict for the Covered Person if a member of the Covered Person s family engages in such an activity or has such a relationship. 
 the receipt of any non-nominal gifts from any person or company with which the Corporation has current or prospective business dealings. For purposes of this Code, nonnominal are those gifts in excess of 100; 
 the receipt of any entertainment from any company with which the Corporation has current or prospective business dealings, unless such entertainment is business-related, reasonable in cost, appropriate as to time and place, and not so frequent as to raise any question of impropriety; 

any ownership interest in, or any consulting or employment relationship with, any of the Corporation s service providers, other than its investment adviser, sub-adviser, principal underwriter, administrator or any affiliated person thereof and the Service Provider of which such Covered Person is an employee; and 

a direct or indirect financial interest in commissions, transaction charges or spreads paid by the Corporation for effecting portfolio transactions or for selling or repurchasing shares other than an interest arising from the Covered Person s employment, such as compensation or equity ownership. 

III. Disclosure Compliance 
 Each Covered Person should be familiar with the disclosure requirements generally applicable to the Corporation; 

each Covered Person should not knowingly misrepresent, or cause others to misrepresent, facts about the Corporation to others, whether within or outside the Corporation, including to the Corporation s directors and auditors, and to governmental regulators and selfregulatory organizations; 

each Covered Person should, to the extent appropriate within his area of responsibility, consult with other officers and employees of the Corporation and the Corporation s adviser or sub-adviser with the goal of promoting full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in the reports and documents the Corporation files with, or submits to, the SEC and in other public communications made by the Corporation; and 

it is the responsibility of each Covered Person to promote compliance with the standards and restrictions imposed by applicable laws, rules and regulations. 

IV. Reporting and Accountability 
 
 Each Covered Person must: 
 upon adoption of the Code (or thereafter as applicable, upon becoming a Covered Person), affirm in writing to the Board that he has received, read, and understands the Code; 

annually thereafter affirm to the Board that he has complied with the requirements of the Code; 

not retaliate against any employee or Covered Person or their affiliated persons for reports of potential violations that are made in good faith; 

notify the Chief Compliance Officer of the Corporation promptly if he knows of any violation of this Code. Failure to do so is itself a violation of this Code; and 

report at least annually any change in his affiliations from the prior year. 

The Chief Compliance Officer is responsible for applying this Code to specific situations in which questions are presented under it and has the authority to interpret this Code in any particular situation. However, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Audit Committee (the Committee is responsible for granting waivers2 and determining sanctions, as appropriate, and any approvals, interpretations or waivers sought by the Corporation s principal executive officers or directors will be considered by the Committee. 
 
 The Corporation will follow these procedures in investigating and enforcing this Code: 
 the Chief Compliance Officer will take any action he considers appropriate to investigate any actual or potential violations reported to him; 

BUSINESS.28110458.6 
 
 if, after such investigation, the Chief Compliance Officer believes that no violation has occurred, the Chief Compliance Officer shall meet with the person reporting the violation for the purposes of informing such person of the reason for not taking action; 

any matter that the Chief Compliance Officer believes is a violation will be reported to the Committee; 

if the Committee concurs that a violation has occurred, it will inform and make a recommendation to the Board, which will consider appropriate action, which may include review of, and appropriate modifications to, applicable policies and procedures; notification to appropriate personnel of the Service Provider of which such Covered Person is an employee or its board; a recommendation to such Service Provider to dismiss the Covered Person; or dismissal of the Covered Person as an officer of the Corporation; 

2 Instruction 2 to Item 5.05 of Form 8-K defines waiver as the approval by the registrant of a material departure from a provision of the code of ethics and implicit waiver, which must also be disclosed, as the registrant s failure to take action within a reasonable period of time regarding a material departure from a provision of the code of ethics that has been made known to an executive officer of the registrant. 
 the Committee will be responsible for granting waivers, as appropriate; and 

any changes to or waivers of this Code will, to the extent required, be disclosed as provided by SEC rules. 

Please note that waivers for executive officers or directors must be promptly disclosed in Form 8-K or on the Corporation s website within four business days. 
 The Committee, in determining whether waivers should be granted and whether violations have occurred, and the Chief Compliance Officer, in rendering decisions and interpretations and in conducting investigations of potential violations under the Code, may, at their discretion, consult with such other persons as they may determine to be appropriate, including, but not limited to, a senior legal officer of the Corporation or its adviser or its sub-adviser, counsel to the Corporation or the Service Provider, independent auditors or other consultants, subject to any requirement to seek pre-approval from the Corporation s Committee for the retention of independent auditors to perform permissible non-audit services. 
 
 V. Waivers 
 An executive officer or director may request a waiver of any of the provisions of this Code by submitting a written request for such waiver to the Committee setting forth the basis for such request and explaining how the waiver would be consistent with the standards of conduct described herein. The Committee shall review such request and make a determination thereon in writing, which shall be binding. 
 In determining whether to waive any provisions of this Code, the Committee shall consider whether the proposed waiver is consistent with honest and ethical conduct. 
 The Chief Compliance Officer shall submit an annual report to the Board regarding waivers granted. 
 
 VI. Other Policies and Procedures 
 This Code will be the sole code of business conduct adopted by the Corporation for purposes of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the rules and forms applicable to the Corporation thereunder, and Section 303A.10 of the Listed Company Manual of the NYSE. Insofar as other policies or procedures of the Corporation, the Corporation s adviser, sub-adviser, principal underwriter, or the Service Providers govern or purport to govern the behavior or activities of the Covered Persons who are subject to this Code, they are superseded by this Code to the extent that they overlap or conflict with the provisions of this Code. The codes of ethics of the Corporation and their investment adviser, sub-adviser, principal underwriter and Service Providers under Rule 17j-1 under the Investment Company Act are separate requirements applying to the Covered Officers and others, and are not part of this Code. 
 
 VII. Amendments 
 
 Any amendments to this Code, other than amendments to Exhibit A, must be approved or ratified by a majority vote of the Corporation s board, including a majority of independent directors. 
 
 VIII. Confidentiality 
 
 All reports and records prepared or maintained pursuant to this Code will be considered confidential and shall be maintained and protected accordingly. Except as otherwise required by law or this Code, such matters shall not be disclosed to anyone other than the Board and its counsel, the investment adviser and its counsel, the Service Provider of which such Covered Person is an employee or independent auditors or other consultants referred to in Section IV above. 
 
 IX. Internal Use 
 
 The Code is intended solely for the internal use by the Corporation and does not constitute an admission, by or on behalf of any person, as to any fact, circumstance, or legal conclusion. 
 
 Date: November 6, 2023 
 EXHIBIT A 

Contact information for the Chief Compliance Officer of the Corporation and his staff; 

Chief Compliance Officer: Frank Galea, CFA 
 Email: frank.galea@acaglobal.com 
 Tel: 1 (332) 262.4581 
 Website: www.acaglobal.com 

BUSINESS.28110458.6 
 
 Deputy Chief Compliance Officer: Aaron Criddle 
 Email: Aaron.Criddle@acaglobal.com 
 Tel: +1.332.262.4587 
 Website: www.acaglobal.com 
 
 BUSINESS.28110458.6 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 pflt-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Name of entity and place of jurisdiction 
 
 Voting Securities Owned Percentage 

PennantPark Floating Rate Funding I, LLC (Delaware) 
 
 100 

PennantPark Floating Rate Funding II, LLC (Delaware) 
 
 100 

PennantPark CLO I, LLC (Delaware) 
 
 100 

PennantPark CLO I, Ltd. (Cayman Islands) 
 
 100 

PennantPark CLO I Depositor, LLC (Delaware) 
 
 100 

PFLT Investment Holdings, LLC (Delaware) 
 
 100 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 
 
 100 
 (1) 

(1) This is a controlled affiliated investment. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 pflt-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form N-2 of PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. and Subsidiaries (the Company) of our reports dated December 7, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of the Company, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended September 30, 2023. We also consent to the use in such Registration Statement of our report dated December 7, 2023, relating to the senior securities table appearing as Exhibit 99.2 in the accompanying Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended September 30, 2023. We also consent to the use in such Registration Statement of our report dated December 7, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC as of and for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 appearing as Exhibit 99.3 and our report dated November 17, 2022, relating to the consolidated financial statements of PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC as of and for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 appearing as Exhibit 99.4 in the accompanying Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended September 30, 2023. We also consent to the reference to our firm under the headings Senior Securities in the accompanying Form 10-K and Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in such Registration Statement on Form N-2. /s/ RSM US LLP 
 New York, New York 
 December 7, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 pflt-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 I, Arthur H. Penn, Chief Executive Officer of PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: December 7, 2023 

/s/ Arthur H. Penn 

Name: 
 
 Arthur H. Penn 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 pflt-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 I, Richard T. Allorto, Jr., Chief Financial Officer of PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd., certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd.; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: December 7, 2023 

/s/ Richard T. Allorto, Jr. 

Name: 
 
 Richard T. Allorto, Jr. 

Title: 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 pflt-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. (the Company for the annual period ended September 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Arthur H. Penn, as Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/ Arthur H. Penn 

Name: 
 
 Arthur H. Penn 

Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 
 December 7, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 pflt-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. (the Company for the annual period ended September 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Richard T. Allorto Jr., as Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

/s/ Richard T. Allorto, Jr. 

Name: 
 
 Richard T. Allorto, Jr. 

Title: 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Date: 
 
 December 7, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-97.1>
 9
 pflt-ex97_1.htm
 EX-97.1

EX-97.1 

PENNANTPARK INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD. 
 CLAWBACK POLICY 
 
 The Board of Directors (the Board of each of PennantPark Investment Corporation, a Maryland corporation PNNT ), and PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd., a Maryland corporation PFLT , and collectively with PNNT, the Company ), believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to adopt this Clawback Policy (this Policy ), which provides for the recovery of Incentive-Based Compensation received by Covered Executives, if any, in the event of an Accounting Restatement (as such terms are defined below). The Company currently does not pay or otherwise award Incentive-Based Compensation to Covered Executives but nevertheless has designed and implemented this Policy to comply with Section 10D of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), Rule 10D-1 promulgated under the Exchange Act Rule 10D-1 and Section 303A.14 of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual (the Listing Standards ). This Policy shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with Rule 10D-1 and the Listing Standards. 
 1.	Administration 
 Except as specifically set forth herein, this Policy shall be administered by the Board or, if so designated by the Board, a committee thereof (the Board or such committee charged with administration of this Policy, the Administrator ). The Administrator is authorized to interpret and construe this Policy and to make all determinations necessary, appropriate or advisable for the administration of this Policy. Any determinations made by the Administrator shall be final and binding on all affected individuals and need not be uniform with respect to each individual covered by this Policy. In the administration of this Policy, the Administrator is authorized and directed to consult with the full Board (if this Policy is administered by a committee of the Board in accordance herewith) or such committees of the Board, such as the Audit Committee, Compliance Committee or the Compensation Committee, as applicable and as may be necessary or appropriate as to matters within the scope of such committee s responsibility and authority. Subject to any limitation of applicable law, the Administrator may authorize and empower any one or more officers of the Company to take any and all actions necessary or appropriate to carry out the purpose and intent of this Policy (other than with respect to any recovery under this Policy involving any such officer(s)). 
 2.	Definitions 
 As used in this Policy, the following definitions shall apply: 
 a. Accounting Restatement means an accounting restatement of the Company s financial statements due to the Company s material noncompliance with any financial reporting requirement under the securities laws of the United States of America, including any required accounting restatement to correct an error in previously issued financial statements that is material to the previously issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. 

b. Administrator has the meaning set forth in Section 1 hereof. 

c. Applicable Period means the three completed fiscal years immediately preceding the date on which the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, as well as any transition period (that results from a change in the Company s fiscal year) within or immediately following those three completed fiscal years (except that a transition period between the last day of the Company s previous fiscal year end and the first day of its new fiscal year that comprises a period 

BUSINESS.30345552.3 

of nine to 12 months shall be deemed a completed fiscal year). The date on which the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement is the earlier to occur of (a) the date the Board, a committee thereof, or the officer or officers of the Company authorized to take such action if action by the Board or a committee thereof is not required, concludes, or reasonably should have concluded, that the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement or (b) the date a court, regulator or other legally authorized body directs the Company to prepare an Accounting Restatement, in each case regardless of if or when the restated financial statements are filed. 

d. Covered Executives means any current or former executive officer of the Company, including the Company s president, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer (or if there is no such accounting officer, the controller), any vice-president of the Company in charge of a principal business unit, division, or function (such as sales, administration, or finance), any other officer of the Company who performs a policy-making function, or any other person who performs similar policy-making functions for the Company, and any officer within the meaning of 17 C.F.R. 229.401(b). An executive officer of the Company s parent or subsidiary is deemed a Covered Executive if the executive officer performs such policy making functions for the Company. Policy making function is not intended to include policy making functions that are not significant to the Company. The definition of Covered Executives shall be interpreted in accordance with the definition of Executive Officer set forth in Rule 10D-1 and the Listing Standards. 

e. Erroneously Awarded Compensation has the meaning set forth in Section 5 of this Policy. 

f. Financial Reporting Measure means any measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing the Company s financial statements, and any measure that is derived wholly or in part from such measure. For the avoidance of doubt, Financial Reporting Measures include but are not limited to the following (and any measure derived from the following): the Company s stock price; total stockholder return TSR ; net asset value; net investment income; net investment gains; profitability; financial ratios; earnings before interest, taxes depreciation and amortization; funds from operations and adjusted funds from operations; liquidity measures; return measures (e.g., return on investment capital; return on assets); earnings measures (e.g., earnings per share); and any of such financial reporting measures relative to a peer group. A Financial Reporting Measure need not be presented within the Company s financial statements or included in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

g. Incentive-Based Compensation means any compensation that is granted, earned or vested based wholly or in part upon the attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure. For purposes of this Policy, Incentive-Based Compensation is deemed received in the Company s fiscal period during which the Financial Reporting Measure specified in the Incentive -Based Compensation award is attained, even if the payment or grant of such Incentive-Based Compensation occurs after the end of that period. 

3.	Covered Executives; Incentive-Based Compensation 
 This Policy applies to all Incentive-Based Compensation received by a person (a) after beginning services as a Covered Executive; (b) if that person served as a Covered Executive at any time during the performance period for such Incentive-Based Compensation; and (c) while the Company had a class of its securities listed on a national securities exchange or a national securities association. 
 4.	Required Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation in the Event of an Accounting Restatement 
 2 
 
 BUSINESS.30345552.3 

In the event the Company is required to prepare an Accounting Restatement, the Company shall recover reasonably promptly the amount of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation received by any Covered Executive, as calculated pursuant to Section 5 hereof, during the Applicable Period. 
 
 5.	Erroneously Awarded Compensation: Amount Subject to Recovery 
 The amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation subject to recovery under this Policy, as determined by the Administrator, is the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation received by the Covered Executive that exceeds the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that otherwise would have been received by the Covered Executive had it been determined based on the restated amounts. 
 Erroneously Awarded Compensation shall be computed without regard to any taxes paid by the Covered Executive with respect to the Erroneously Awarded Compensation. 
 For Incentive-Based Compensation based on the Company s stock price or TSR: (a) the Administrator shall determine the amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the stock price or TSR upon which the Incentive-Based Compensation was received; and (b) the Company shall maintain documentation of the determination of that reasonable estimate and provide such documentation to the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ). 
 
 6. 	Method of Recovery 
 The Administrator shall determine, in its sole discretion, the timing and method for promptly recovering Erroneously Awarded Compensation hereunder, which may include without limitation (a) seeking reimbursement of all or part of any cash or equity-based award, (b) cancelling prior cash or equity-based awards, whether vested or unvested or paid or unpaid, (c) cancelling or offsetting against any planned future cash or equity-based awards, (d) forfeiture of deferred compensation, subject to compliance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and the regulations promulgated thereunder and (e) any other method authorized by applicable law or contract. Subject to compliance with applicable law, the Administrator may affect recovery under this Policy from any amount otherwise payable to the Covered Executive, including amounts payable to such individual under any otherwise applicable Company plan or program, including base salary, bonuses, other compensation, and/or compensation previously deferred by the Covered Executive. 
 The Company is authorized and directed pursuant to this Policy to promptly recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation in compliance with this Policy unless the Board (including a majority of independent directors) or applicable committee thereof has determined that recovery would be impracticable solely for one of the following limited reasons, and subject to the following procedural requirements: 
 
 a. The direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered. Before concluding that it would be impracticable to recover any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on expense of enforcement, the Company must make, or cause to be made, a reasonable attempt to recover such Erroneously Awarded Compensation, document such reasonable attempt(s) to recover and provide that documentation to the NYSE; 

3 
 
 BUSINESS.30345552.3 

b. Recovery would violate home country law of the Company where that law was adopted prior to November 28, 2022. Before concluding that it would be impracticable to recovery any amount of Erroneously Awarded Compensation based on violation of home country law, the Company must obtain an opinion of home country counsel, acceptable to the NYSE, that recovery would result in such a violation and provide such opinion to the NYSE; or 

c. Recovery would likely cause an otherwise tax-qualified requirement plan, under which benefits are broadly available to executive officers and/or employees, if any, of the Company, to fail to meet the requirements of 26 U.S.C. 401(a)(13) or 26 U.S.C. 411(a) and regulations thereunder. 

7.	No indemnification of Covered Executives 
 Notwithstanding the terms of any indemnification or insurance policy or any contractual or other arrangements with any Covered Executive that may be interpreted to the contrary, the Company shall not indemnify any Covered Executives against the loss of any Erroneously Awarded Compensation, including any payment or reimbursement for the cost of third-party insurance purchased by any Covered Executives to fund potential clawback obligations under this Policy. 
 8.	Administrator Indemnification 
 Any members of the Administrator, and any other members of the Board who assist in the administration of this Policy, shall not be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made with respect to this Policy and shall be fully indemnified by the Company to the fullest extent under applicable law and Company policy with respect to any such action, determination or interpretation. The foregoing sentence shall not limit any other rights to indemnification of the members of the Board under applicable law or Company policy. 
 9.	Effective Date; Retroactive Application 
 This Policy shall be effective as of December 1, 2023 (the Effective Date ). The terms of this Policy shall apply to any Incentive-Based Compensation that is received by Covered Executives on or after the Effective Date, even if such Incentive-Based Compensation was approved, awarded, granted or paid to Covered Executives prior to the Effective Date. Without limiting the generality of Section 6 hereof, and subject to applicable aw, the Administrator may affect recovery under this Policy from any amount of compensation approved, awarded, granted, payable or paid to the Covered Executive prior to, on or after the Effective Date. 
 10.	Amendment; Termination 
 The Board may amend, modify, supplement, rescind or replace all or any portion of this Policy at any time and from time to time in its discretion, and shall amend this Policy as it deems necessary to comply with applicable law or any rules or standards adopted by a national securities exchange on which the Company s securities are listed. 
 11.	Other Recovery Rights; Company Claims 
 The Board intends that this Policy shall be applied to the fullest extent of applicable law. Any right of recovery under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recovery that may be available to the Company under applicable law or pursuant to the terms of any similar policy in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement and any other legal remedies available to the Company. 
 4 
 
 BUSINESS.30345552.3 

Nothing contained in this Policy, and no recovery as contemplated by this Policy, shall limit any claims, damages or other legal remedies the Company or any of its affiliates may have against a Covered Executive arising out of resulting from any actions or omissions by the Covered Executive. 
 
 12.	Successors 
 This Policy shall be binding and enforceable against all Covered Executives and their beneficiaries, heirs, executors, administrators or other legal representatives. 
 13.	Exhibit Filing Requirement 
 A copy of this Policy, including any amendments thereto, shall be filed as an exhibit to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K to the extent required by applicable law. 
 
 Adopted: November 14, 2023 
 5 
 
 BUSINESS.30345552.3 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-99.1>
 10
 pflt-ex99_1.htm
 EX-99.1

EX-99.1 

EXHIBIT 99.1 
 
 PENNANTPARK INVESTMENT CORPORATION 
 PENNANTPARK FLOATING RATE CAPITAL LTD. 
 PRIVACY POLICY 

To PennantPark Investment Corporation and PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. Investors: 
 
 We take precautions to maintain the privacy of personal information concerning our investors. These precautions include the adoption of certain procedures designed to maintain and secure your nonpublic personal information from inappropriate disclosure to unaffiliated third parties. We are sending this notice in accordance with applicable federal regulations. This notice applies to investors in PennantPark Investment Corporation and PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. (collectively, the Corporation ). 
 
 What kind of personal information do we have about you and where did we get it? 
 
 We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources: 
 Information we may receive from you in subscription agreements or other related documents or forms; and 

Information about your transactions with our affiliates and us. 

How do we protect your personal information? 
 
 We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our investors or former investors to anyone, except as permitted by law. 
 
 We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees and agents of PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC, its affiliates and unaffiliated third party service providers (which may include a custodian, transfer agent or printer) who need to know that information in order to provide services to you or to the Corporation. In that regard, we note that we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to safeguard your nonpublic personal information and which we believe is adequate to prevent unauthorized disclosure of such information. 
 
 What do we do with personal information about our former investors? 
 
 If an investor decides to no longer do business with us, we will continue to follow this privacy policy with respect to the information we have in our possession about such investor and his/her account. 
 
 If you have any questions concerning our privacy policies, please contact our Chief Financial Officer, Richard T. Allorto, Jr., at (212) 905-1001. 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-99.2>
 11
 pflt-ex99_2.htm
 EX-99.2

EX-99.2 

EXHIBIT 99.2 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. and its Subsidiaries 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting referred to in our reports dated December 7, 2023, (appearing in the accompanying Form 10-K) also included an audit of the senior securities table of PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. and its Subsidiaries (the Company) appearing in Part II, Item 7 in this Form 10-K. This table is the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 In our opinion, the senior securities table, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein. 
 
 /s/ RSM US LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 December 7, 2023 

</EX-99.2>

<EX-99.3>
 12
 pflt-ex99_3.htm
 EX-99.3

EX-99.3 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 

Consolidated Financial Statements and 
 Independent Auditor s Report 

September 30, 2023 and 2022 

Contents 

Independent Auditor s Report 
 1 

Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Statements of Assets, Liabilities and Members Equity as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 
 3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 
 4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members Equity for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 
 5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 
 6 

Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 
 7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 

Independent Auditor s Report 

Board of Directors 
 PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 

Opinion 
 We have audited the consolidated financial statements of PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC and its subsidiaries (the Fund), which comprise the consolidated statements of assets, liabilities and members equity, including the consolidated schedule of investments, as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in members equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). 
 
 In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Fund as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations, changes in members equity and its cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of the Fund and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audit. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
 
 Emphasis of Matter 
 As discussed in Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements, the 2022 financial statements have been restated to reclassify certain amounts presented within. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. 
 
 Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements 
 Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
 In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Fund s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued or available to be issued. 

1 

Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
 Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial statements. 
 
 In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we: 
 
 Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. 

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Fund s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. 

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the financial statements. 

Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Fund s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 

We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control-related matters that we identified during the audit. 
 
 /s/ RSM US LLP 
 
 New York, New York 
 December 7, 2023 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 2 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 

Consolidated Statements of Assets, Liabilities and Members' Equity 

in thousands) 

September 30, 2023 

September 30, 2022 

Assets 

Investments at fair value (amortized cost 804,608 and 770,280, respectively) 

785,859 

754,722 

Cash and cash equivalents (cost 77,446 and 30,152, respectively) 

77,446 

30,152 

Interest receivable 

5,179 

3,025 

Receivable for investment sold 

3,637 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

490 

1,722 

Due from affiliate (See Note 3) 

436 

3,553 

Total assets 

869,410 

796,811 

Liabilities 

Credit facility payable 

48,600 

259,500 

2032 Asset-backed debt, net (par 246,000) 

243,973 

243,365 

2035 Asset-backed debt, net (par 246,000) 

243,483 

Notes payable to members 

240,100 

217,350 

Interest payable on Credit facility and asset backed debt 

14,291 

3,817 

Payable for investments purchased 

13,466 

10,414 

Interest payable on notes to members 

6,488 

4,719 

Accrued expenses 

859 

1,150 

Total liabilities 

811,260 

740,315 

Commitments and contingencies (See Note 11) 

Members' equity 

58,150 

56,496 

Total liabilities and members' equity 

869,410 

796,811 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 3 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

in thousands) 

Year Ended September 30, 

2023 

2022 

Investment income: 

Interest 

89,547 

53,006 

Other income 

1,297 

1,188 

Total investment income 

90,844 

54,194 

Expenses: 

Interest and expense on credit facility and asset-backed debt 

42,797 

18,410 

Interest expense on notes to members 

30,325 

17,468 

Administration fees 

2,103 

1,835 

General and administrative expenses 

1,116 

1,156 

Total expenses 

76,341 

38,869 

Net investment income 

14,503 

15,325 

Realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments: 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments 

(6,328) 

(14,948) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

(3,171) 

(3,695) 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments 

(9,499) 

(18,643) 

Net increase (decrease) in members' equity resulting from operations 

5,004 

(3,318) 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 4 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members Equity 

in thousands) 

Year Ended September 30, 

2023 

2022 

Net change in members equity resulting from operations: 

Net investment income 

14,503 

15,325 

Net realized gain (loss) on investments 

(6,328) 

(14,948) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

(3,171) 

(3,695) 

Net increase (decrease) in members equity resulting from operations 

5,004 

(3,318) 

Capital contributions 

9,750 

24,150 

Distributions 

(13,100) 

(15,600) 

Net increase (decrease) in members equity 

1,654 

5,232 

Members equity 

Beginning of year 

56,496 

51,264 

End of year 

58,150 

56,496 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 5 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

in thousands) 

Year Ended September 30, 

2023 

2022 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net increase (decrease) in members equity resulting from operations 

5,004 

(3,318) 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in members equity resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 

3,171 

3,695 

Net realized (gain) loss on investments 

6,328 

14,948 

Net accretion of discount and amortization of premium 

(3,917) 

(3,186) 

Purchases of investments 

(190,871) 

(278,807) 

Payment-in-kind interest 

(1,055) 

(1,069) 

Proceeds from disposition of investments 

155,207 

102,436 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

796 

608 

(Increase) Decrease in: 

Receivable for investments sold 

3,637 

3,686 

Interest receivable 

(2,154) 

(1,612) 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

1,232 

(57) 

Due from affiliate 

3,117 

(3,553) 

Increase (Decrease) in: 

Payables for investments purchased 

3,052 

(21,550) 

Interest payable on credit facility and asset backed debt 

10,474 

2,077 

Interest payable on notes to members 

1,769 

2,065 

Accrued expenses 

(291) 

972 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

(4,501) 

(182,665) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Members capital contributions 

9,750 

15,763 

Distributions to members 

(13,100) 

(15,600) 

Notes issued to members 

22,750 

36,780 

Proceeds from 2035 asset backed debt issued 

246,000 

Discount on 2035 asset backed debt issued 

(2,705) 

Borrowings under credit facility 

41,600 

220,500 

Repayments under credit facility 

(252,500) 

(73,000) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

51,795 

184,443 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

47,294 

1,778 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

30,152 

28,374 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

77,446 

30,152 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Interest paid on credit facility and asset-backed debt 

32,323 

16,334 

Interest paid on notes to members 

28,556 

15,403 

Non-Cash Operating and Financing activity: 

Purchase of investments from non-cash equity contribution 

(27,957) 

Non-Cash equity contribution 

8,387 

Non-Cash proceeds from notes issued to Members 

19,570 

Non-Cash exchanges and conversions 

3,393 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 6 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

September 30, 2023 

in thousands) 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 
 
 Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 
 
 Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 
 
 Par 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value (2) 

First Lien Secured Debt - 1,347.5 

A1 Garage Merger Sub, LLC 
 
 12/22/2028 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 
 
 11.84 
 
 SOFR+660 
 
 2,940 
 
 2,886 
 
 2,925 

Ad.net Acquisition, LLC 
 
 5/7/2026 
 
 Media 
 
 11.65 
 
 SOFR+626 
 
 8,798 
 
 8,723 
 
 8,754 

Alpine Acquisition Corp II 
 
 11/30/2026 
 
 Containers and Packaging 
 
 11.24 
 
 SOFR+600 
 
 12,852 
 
 12,535 
 
 12,338 

Anteriad, LLC (f/k/a MeritDirect, LLC) 
 
 5/23/2024 
 
 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 
 11.04 
 
 SOFR+550 
 
 5,001 
 
 4,971 
 
 4,913 

Anteriad Holdings Inc (fka MeritDirect) March 2023 
 
 5/23/2024 
 
 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 
 12.04 
 
 SOFR+650 
 
 4,875 
 
 4,817 
 
 4,814 

Any Hour Services 
 
 7/21/2027 
 
 Professional Services 
 
 11.59 
 
 SOFR+585 
 
 7,510 
 
 7,348 
 
 7,360 

Apex Service Partners, LLC 
 
 7/31/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 10.52 
 
 SOFR+525 
 
 1,002 
 
 1,002 
 
 1,000 

Apex Service Partners, LLC Term Loan B 
 
 7/31/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 11.04 
 
 SOFR+550 
 
 2,187 
 
 2,187 
 
 2,181 

Apex Service Partners, LLC Term Loan C 
 
 7/31/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 10.69 
 
 SOFR+525 
 
 11,013 
 
 10,972 
 
 10,985 

Applied Technical Services, LLC 
 
 12/29/2026 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 
 
 11.54 
 
 SOFR+615 
 
 9,579 
 
 9,475 
 
 9,387 

Applied Technical Services, LLC - DDTL Unfunded (3) 
 
 12/29/2026 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 

194 
 
 - 
 
 (2) 

Arcfield Acquisition Corp. 
 
 8/3/2029 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 
 11.62 
 
 SOFR+625 
 
 9,218 
 
 9,093 
 
 9,126 

Beta Plus Technologies, Inc. 
 
 7/1/2029 
 
 Business Services 
 
 11.14 
 
 SOFR+575 
 
 4,950 
 
 4,863 
 
 4,604 

BioDerm, Inc. 
 
 1/31/2028 
 
 Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 
 
 11.83 
 
 SOFR+650 
 
 8,978 
 
 8,874 
 
 8,933 

Blackhawk Industrial Distribution, Inc. 
 
 9/17/2026 
 
 Distributors 
 
 11.79 
 
 SOFR+640 
 
 15,132 
 
 14,928 
 
 14,905 

Broder Bros., Co. 
 
 12/4/2025 
 
 Consumer Products 
 
 11.50 
 
 SOFR+626 
 
 2,349 
 
 2,349 
 
 2,349 

Burgess Point Purchaser Corporation 
 
 9/26/2029 
 
 Automotive 
 
 10.67 
 
 SOFR+525 
 
 447 
 
 418 
 
 420 

By Light Professional IT Services, LLC 
 
 5/16/2025 
 
 High Tech Industries 
 
 12.43 
 
 SOFR+688 
 
 13,821 
 
 13,778 
 
 13,579 

Cadence Aerospace, LLC 
 
 11/14/2023 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 
 12.07 
 
 SOFR+665 
 
 4,011 
 
 4,010 
 
 4,011 

(PIK 2.00 

Cartessa Aesthetics, LLC 
 
 6/14/2028 
 
 Distributors 
 
 11.39 
 
 SOFR+600 
 
 9,636 
 
 9,509 
 
 9,636 

CF512, Inc. 
 
 8/20/2026 
 
 Media 
 
 11.60 
 
 SOFR+619 
 
 6,820 
 
 6,722 
 
 6,684 

CHA Holdings, Inc. 
 
 4/10/2025 
 
 Construction and Engineering 
 
 10.15 
 
 SOFR+476 
 
 5,499 
 
 5,455 
 
 5,499 

Challenger Performance Optimization, Inc. 
 
 8/31/2024 
 
 Business Services 
 
 12.18 
 
 SOFR+675 
 
 9,232 
 
 9,201 
 
 8,955 

(PIK 1.00 

Confluent Health, LLC 
 
 10/28/2028 
 
 Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 
 
 9.32 
 
 SOFR+400 
 
 6,797 
 
 6,559 
 
 6,445 

Connatix Buyer, Inc. 
 
 7/13/2027 
 
 Media 
 
 11.16 
 
 SOFR+576 
 
 3,815 
 
 3,762 
 
 3,681 

Crane 1 Services, Inc. 
 
 8/16/2027 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 
 
 10.90 
 
 SOFR+551 
 
 2,089 
 
 2,067 
 
 2,079 

Dr. Squatch, LLC 
 
 8/31/2027 
 
 Personal Products 
 
 11.24 
 
 SOFR+585 
 
 14,712 
 
 14,511 
 
 14,712 

DRI Holding Inc. 
 
 12/21/2028 
 
 Media 
 
 10.67 
 
 SOFR+525 
 
 2,627 
 
 2,418 
 
 2,394 

DRS Holdings III, Inc. 
 
 11/3/2025 
 
 Consumer Goods: Durable 
 
 11.79 
 
 SOFR+640 
 
 14,429 
 
 14,376 
 
 14,256 

Duraco Specialty Tapes LLC 
 
 6/30/2024 
 
 Containers and Packaging 
 
 11.89 
 
 SOFR+650 
 
 10,904 
 
 10,838 
 
 10,740 

ECL Entertainment, LLC 
 
 8/31/2030 
 
 Hotel, Gaming and Leisure 
 
 10.07 
 
 SOFR+475 
 
 5,000 
 
 4,900 
 
 4,985 

EDS Buyer, LLC 
 
 1/10/2029 
 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments, and Components 
 
 11.64 
 
 SOFR+625 
 
 8,955 
 
 8,833 
 
 8,821 

Electro Rent Corporation 
 
 1/17/2024 
 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments, and Components 
 
 11.00 
 
 SOFR+550 
 
 2,219 
 
 2,200 
 
 2,171 

Exigo Intermediate II, LLC 
 
 3/15/2027 
 
 Software 
 
 11.17 
 
 SOFR+585 
 
 12,675 
 
 12,505 
 
 12,422 

ETE Intermediate II, LLC 
 
 5/29/2029 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 11.89 
 
 SOFR+650 
 
 12,404 
 
 12,154 
 
 12,193 

Fairbanks Morse Defense 
 
 6/17/2028 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 
 10.40 
 
 SOFR+475 
 
 10,195 
 
 10,143 
 
 10,114 

Global Holdings InterCo LLC 
 
 3/16/2026 
 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 
 11.96 
 
 SOFR+660 
 
 3,736 
 
 3,724 
 
 3,549 

Graffiti Buyer, Inc. 
 
 8/10/2027 
 
 Trading Companies Distributors 
 
 10.99 
 
 SOFR+575 
 
 2,345 
 
 2,316 
 
 2,322 

Hancock Roofing and Construction L.L.C. 
 
 12/31/2026 
 
 Insurance 
 
 10.92 
 
 SOFR+560 
 
 2,250 
 
 2,217 
 
 2,194 

Holdco Sands Intermediate, LLC 
 
 11/23/2028 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 
 11.32 
 
 SOFR+585 
 
 4,913 
 
 4,838 
 
 4,913 

HW Holdco, LLC 
 
 12/10/2024 
 
 Media 
 
 11.75 
 
 SOFR+640 
 
 3,014 
 
 2,988 
 
 2,968 

Imagine Acquisitionco, LLC 
 
 11/15/2027 
 
 Software 
 
 10.72 
 
 SOFR+535 
 
 9,248 
 
 9,075 
 
 9,110 

Inception Fertility Ventures, LLC 
 
 12/31/2024 
 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 
 12.51 
 
 SOFR+715 
 
 16,453 
 
 16,257 
 
 16,453 

Infinity Home Services Holdco, Inc. 
 
 12/28/2028 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 
 
 12.24 
 
 SOFR+685 
 
 6,090 
 
 5,979 
 
 6,090 

Integrated Data Services 
 
 8/1/2029 
 
 Business Services 
 
 11.87 
 
 SOFR+650 
 
 18,904 
 
 18,532 
 
 18,463 

Integrative Nutrition, LLC 
 
 1/31/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 12.54 
 
 SOFR+700 
 
 11,105 
 
 11,083 
 
 10,439 

(PIK 2.25 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 
 
 8/27/2026 
 
 Insurance 
 
 11.57 
 
 SOFR+575 
 
 5,906 
 
 5,851 
 
 5,847 

Inventus Power, Inc. 
 
 6/30/2025 
 
 Consumer Goods: Durable 
 
 12.93 
 
 SOFR+761 
 
 8,246 
 
 8,097 
 
 8,081 

ITI Holdings, Inc. 
 
 3/3/2028 
 
 IT Services 
 
 11.06 
 
 SOFR+560 
 
 3,940 
 
 3,886 
 
 3,861 

K2 Pure Solutions NoCal, L.P. 
 
 12/20/2023 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 
 
 13.42 
 
 SOFR+810 
 
 15,509 
 
 15,487 
 
 15,509 

Kinetic Purchaser, LLC 
 
 11/10/2027 
 
 Personal Products 
 
 11.54 
 
 SOFR+615 
 
 16,662 
 
 16,346 
 
 16,412 

Lash OpCo, LLC 
 
 2/18/2027 
 
 Personal Products 
 
 12.13 
 
 SOFR+675 
 
 14,210 
 
 13,989 
 
 14,068 

LAV Gear Holdings, Inc. 
 
 10/31/2024 
 
 Capital Equipment 
 
 11.74 
 
 SOFR+643 
 
 15,042 
 
 14,997 
 
 14,862 

Lightspeed Buyer Inc. 
 
 2/3/2026 
 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 
 10.70 
 
 SOFR+535 
 
 12,056 
 
 11,911 
 
 11,935 

LJ Avalon Holdings, LLC 
 
 1/31/2030 
 
 Environmental Industries 
 
 11.77 
 
 SOFR+640 
 
 2,585 
 
 2,537 
 
 2,534 

Loving Tan Intermediate II, Inc. 
 
 5/26/2028 
 
 Consumer Products 
 
 12.39 
 
 SOFR+700 
 
 7,481 
 
 7,337 
 
 7,369 

Lucky Bucks, LLC (4) 
 
 7/20/2027 
 
 Hotel, Gaming and Leisure 
 
 0.00 

4,489 
 
 4,207 
 
 1,182 

Lucky Bucks. LLC - OpCo DIP Loans 
 
 9/30/2025 
 
 Hotel, Gaming and Leisure 
 
 15.33 
 
 SOFR+1000 
 
 160 
 
 158 
 
 160 

MAG DS Corp 
 
 4/1/2027 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 
 10.99 
 
 SOFR+550 
 
 2,097 
 
 2,007 
 
 1,986 

Magenta Buyer, LLC 
 
 7/31/2028 
 
 Software 
 
 10.63 
 
 SOFR+500 
 
 3,006 
 
 2,845 
 
 2,228 

Marketplace Events, LLC - Super Priority First Lien Term Loan 
 
 9/30/2025 
 
 Media: Diversified and Production 
 
 10.94 
 
 SOFR+525 
 
 647 
 
 647 
 
 647 

Marketplace Events, LLC - Super Priority First Lien Unfunded Term Loan (3) 
 
 9/30/2025 
 
 Media: Diversified and Production 

589 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Marketplace Events, LLC 
 
 9/30/2026 
 
 Media: Diversified and Production 
 
 10.94 
 
 SOFR+525 
 
 4,837 
 
 3,782 
 
 4,837 

Mars Acquisition Holdings Corp. 
 
 5/14/2026 
 
 Media 
 
 11.04 
 
 SOFR+565 
 
 11,588 
 
 11,476 
 
 11,472 

MBS Holdings, Inc. 
 
 4/16/2027 
 
 Internet Software and Services 
 
 11.17 
 
 SOFR+585 
 
 7,859 
 
 7,758 
 
 7,749 

MDI Buyer, Inc. 
 
 7/25/2028 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 
 
 11.32 
 
 SOFR+600 
 
 6,380 
 
 6,271 
 
 6,244 

Meadowlark Acquirer, LLC 
 
 12/10/2027 
 
 Professional Services 
 
 11.04 
 
 SOFR+565 
 
 2,372 
 
 2,336 
 
 2,312 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 7 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

September 30, 2023 in thousands) 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 
 
 Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 
 
 Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 
 
 Par / Shares 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value (2) 

Mission Critical Electronics, Inc. 
 
 3/28/2024 
 
 Capital Equipment 
 
 11.29 
 
 SOFR+515 
 
 5,769 
 
 5,763 
 
 5,740 

Municipal Emergency Services, Inc. 
 
 9/28/2027 
 
 Distributors 
 
 11.04 
 
 SOFR+565 
 
 3,430 
 
 3,380 
 
 3,355 

NBH Group LLC 
 
 8/19/2026 
 
 Healthcare, Education Childcare 
 
 10.93 
 
 SOFR+525 
 
 10,711 
 
 10,572 
 
 10,497 

Neptune Flood Incorporated 
 
 5/9/2029 
 
 Insurance 
 
 11.97 
 
 SOFR+650 
 
 5,042 
 
 4,970 
 
 5,042 

New Milani Group LLC 
 
 6/6/2024 
 
 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 
 
 10.92 
 
 SOFR+550 
 
 14,213 
 
 14,194 
 
 14,213 

One Stop Mailing, LLC 
 
 5/7/2027 
 
 Air Freight and Logistics 
 
 11.68 
 
 SOFR+636 
 
 15,849 
 
 15,588 
 
 15,849 

ORL Acquisitions, Inc. 
 
 9/3/2027 
 
 Consumer Finance 
 
 12.84 
 
 SOFR+725 
 
 2,223 
 
 2,202 
 
 2,023 

Output Services Group, Inc. (4) 
 
 6/27/2026 
 
 Business Services 
 
 0.00 

7,759 
 
 7,689 
 
 1,513 

Owl Acquisition, LLC 
 
 2/4/2028 
 
 Professional Services 
 
 10.80 
 
 SOFR+575 
 
 3,893 
 
 3,832 
 
 3,834 

Ox Two, LLC 
 
 5/18/2026 
 
 Construction and Building 
 
 12.90 
 
 SOFR+751 
 
 4,345 
 
 4,306 
 
 4,269 

Peaquod Merger Sub, Inc. 
 
 12/2/2026 
 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 
 11.79 
 
 SOFR+640 
 
 11,474 
 
 11,267 
 
 11,244 

PH Beauty Holdings III, Inc. 
 
 9/29/2025 
 
 Wholesale 
 
 10.68 
 
 SOFR+500 
 
 9,493 
 
 9,282 
 
 7,974 

PL Acquisitionco, LLC 
 
 11/9/2027 
 
 Textiles, Apparel and Luxury Goods 
 
 12.42 
 
 SOFR+710 
 
 7,565 
 
 7,467 
 
 6,809 

(PIK 4.00 

PlayPower, Inc. 
 
 5/8/2026 
 
 Consumer Goods: Durable 
 
 10.57 
 
 SOFR+565 
 
 2,551 
 
 2,491 
 
 2,436 

Pragmatic Institute, LLC 
 
 7/6/2028 
 
 Education 
 
 11.17 
 
 SOFR+575 
 
 11,138 
 
 10,999 
 
 10,636 

Quantic Electronics, LLC 
 
 11/19/2026 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 
 11.74 
 
 SOFR+635 
 
 2,803 
 
 2,776 
 
 2,761 

Rancho Health MSO, Inc. 
 
 12/18/2025 
 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 
 11.22 
 
 SOFR+585 
 
 1,029 
 
 1,029 
 
 1,029 

Reception Purchaser, LLC 
 
 2/28/2028 
 
 Air Freight and Logistics 
 
 11.54 
 
 SOFR+600 
 
 4,938 
 
 4,876 
 
 4,740 

Recteq, LLC 
 
 1/29/2026 
 
 Leisure Products 
 
 12.54 
 
 SOFR+700 
 
 4,875 
 
 4,825 
 
 4,729 

Research Now Group, LLC and Dynata, LLC 
 
 12/20/2024 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 11.13 
 
 SOFR+576 
 
 12,432 
 
 12,322 
 
 10,878 

Rural Sourcing Holdings, Inc. (HPA SPQ Merger Sub, Inc.) 
 
 6/15/2029 
 
 High Tech Industries 
 
 11.52 
 
 SOFR+625 
 
 3,749 
 
 3,676 
 
 3,692 

Sales Benchmark Index LLC 
 
 1/3/2025 
 
 Professional Services 
 
 11.59 
 
 SOFR+620 
 
 9,522 
 
 9,474 
 
 9,475 

Sargent Greenleaf Inc. 
 
 12/20/2024 
 
 Wholesale 
 
 12.92 
 
 SOFR+760 
 
 5,167 
 
 5,148 
 
 5,116 

(PIK 1.00 

Schlesinger Global, Inc. 
 
 7/14/2025 
 
 Business Services 
 
 12.52 
 
 SOFR+715 
 
 11,791 
 
 11,777 
 
 11,407 

(PIK 0.50 

Seaway Buyer, LLC 
 
 6/13/2029 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 
 
 11.54 
 
 SOFR+615 
 
 4,950 
 
 4,884 
 
 4,802 

Sigma Defense Systems, LLC 
 
 12/18/2025 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 
 14.04 
 
 SOFR+865 
 
 13,787 
 
 13,579 
 
 13,580 

Skopima Consilio Parent, LLC 
 
 5/17/2028 
 
 Business Services 
 
 9.93 
 
 SOFR+450 
 
 1,300 
 
 1,274 
 
 1,272 

Smile Brands Inc. 
 
 10/14/2025 
 
 Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 
 
 9.70 
 
 SOFR+450 
 
 11,796 
 
 11,739 
 
 10,598 

Solutionreach, Inc. 
 
 7/17/2025 
 
 Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 
 
 12.37 
 
 SOFR+700 
 
 4,582 
 
 4,577 
 
 4,563 

Spendmend Holdings LLC 
 
 3/1/2028 
 
 Healthcare Technology 
 
 11.04 
 
 SOFR+565 
 
 4,112 
 
 4,047 
 
 4,022 

STV Group Incorporated 
 
 12/11/2026 
 
 Construction and Building 
 
 10.67 
 
 SOFR+535 
 
 9,075 
 
 9,025 
 
 8,894 

Summit Behavioral Healthcare, LLC 
 
 11/24/2028 
 
 Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 
 
 10.43 
 
 SOFR+475 
 
 1,786 
 
 1,696 
 
 1,779 

System Planning and Analysis, Inc. (f/k/a Management Consulting Research, LLC) 
 
 8/16/2027 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 
 11.49 
 
 SOFR+600 
 
 14,738 
 
 14,540 
 
 14,575 

Team Services Group, LLC 
 
 11/24/2028 
 
 Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 
 
 10.75 
 
 SOFR+500 
 
 346 
 
 333 
 
 339 

Teneo Holdings LLC 
 
 7/18/2025 
 
 Business Services 
 
 10.67 
 
 SOFR+535 
 
 2,262 
 
 2,261 
 
 2,259 

The Aegis Technologies Group, LLC 
 
 10/31/2025 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 
 12.04 
 
 SOFR+665 
 
 5,602 
 
 5,560 
 
 5,518 

The Bluebird Group LLC 
 
 7/27/2026 
 
 Professional Services 
 
 12.79 
 
 SOFR+700 
 
 5,403 
 
 5,336 
 
 5,382 

The Vertex Companies, LLC 
 
 8/31/2027 
 
 Construction and Engineering 
 
 11.72 
 
 SOFR+635 
 
 7,716 
 
 7,591 
 
 7,656 

TPC Canada Parent, Inc. and TPC US Parent, LLC 
 
 11/24/2025 
 
 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 
 
 10.95 
 
 SOFR+565 
 
 8,654 
 
 8,556 
 
 8,654 

TWS Acquisition Corporation 
 
 6/16/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 11.80 
 
 SOFR+625 
 
 4,316 
 
 4,310 
 
 4,316 

Tyto Athene, LLC 
 
 4/1/2028 
 
 IT Services 
 
 10.90 
 
 SOFR+550 
 
 14,670 
 
 14,565 
 
 13,379 

Urology Management Holdings, Inc. 
 
 6/15/2026 
 
 Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 
 
 11.79 
 
 SOFR+665 
 
 6,892 
 
 6,775 
 
 6,749 

Walker Edison Furniture Company LLC 
 
 3/31/2027 
 
 Wholesale 
 
 12.18 
 
 SOFR+685 
 
 3,521 
 
 3,521 
 
 3,521 

Walker Edison Furniture Company LLC - Junior Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 3/31/2027 
 
 Wholesale 
 
 11.68 
 
 SOFR+635 
 
 1,667 
 
 1,667 
 
 1,667 

Walker Edison Furniture Company LLC - DDTL - Unfunded (3) 
 
 3/31/2027 
 
 Wholesale 

333 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Wildcat Buyerco, Inc. 
 
 2/27/2026 
 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments, and Components 
 
 10.54 
 
 SOFR+515 
 
 10,565 
 
 10,491 
 
 10,460 

Zips Car Wash, LLC 
 
 3/1/2024 
 
 Automobiles 
 
 12.67 
 
 SOFR+735 
 
 16,732 
 
 16,660 
 
 16,188 

Total First Lien Secured Debt 

801,215 
 
 783,598 

Equity Securities - 3.9 

New MPE Holdings, LLC 

Media: Diversified and Production 

- 
 
 - 
 
 495 

Walker Edison Furniture - Common Equity 

Wholesale 

36 
 
 3,393 
 
 1,766 

Total Equity Securities 

3,393 
 
 2,261 

Total Investments - 1,351.4 

804,608 
 
 785,859 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - 133.2 

BlackRock Federal FD Institutional 30 

77,446 
 
 77,446 

Total Cash and Cash Equivalents 

77,446 
 
 77,446 

Total Investments and Cash Equivalents 1,485.4 

882,054 
 
 863,305 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets (1,385.4) 

(805,155) 

Members' Equity 100.0 

58,150 

(1) Represents floating rate instruments that accrue interest at a predetermined spread relative to an index, typically the applicable Secured Overnight Financing Rate or SOFR , or Prime rate or P . The spread may change based on the type of rate used. The terms in the Consolidated Schedule of Investments disclose the actual interest rate in effect as of the reporting period. All securities are subject to a SOFR or Prime rate floor where a spread is provided, unless noted. The spread provided includes PIK interest and other fee rates, if any. 

(2) Valued based on PSSL s accounting policy. 

(3) Represents the purchase of a security with a delayed settlement or a revolving line of credit that is currently an unfunded investment. This security does not earn a basis point spread above an index while it is unfunded. (4) Security currently on interest non-accrual status. 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 8 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2022 
 in thousand) 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 
 
 Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 
 
 Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 
 
 Par 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value (2) 

First Lien Secured Debt - 1,330.4 

Ad.net Acquisition, LLC 
 
 5/6/2026 
 
 Media 
 
 9.67 
 
 3M L+600 
 
 8,888 
 
 8,788 
 
 8,821 

Alpine Acquisition Corp II 
 
 11/30/2026 
 
 Containers and Packaging 
 
 8.22 
 
 SOFR+600 
 
 9,975 
 
 9,790 
 
 9,576 

Altamira Technologies, LLC 
 
 7/24/2025 
 
 Business Services 
 
 10.81 
 
 3M L+800 
 
 5,225 
 
 5,113 
 
 5,042 

American Insulated Glass, LLC 
 
 12/21/2023 
 
 Building Products 
 
 7.79 
 
 3M L+550 
 
 4,883 
 
 4,851 
 
 4,883 

Anteriad, LLC (f/k/a MeritDirect, LLC) 
 
 5/23/2024 
 
 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 
 
 9.67 
 
 3M L+550 
 
 5,284 
 
 5,208 
 
 5,284 

Any Hour Services 
 
 7/21/2027 
 
 Professional Services 
 
 8.33 
 
 3M L+525 
 
 3,510 
 
 3,441 
 
 3,440 

Apex Service Partners, LLC 
 
 7/31/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 6.72 
 
 1M L+525 
 
 1,010 
 
 1,010 
 
 1,005 

Apex Service Partners, LLC Term Loan B 
 
 7/31/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 9.67 
 
 3M L+625 
 
 2,202 
 
 2,202 
 
 2,191 

Apex Service Partners, LLC Term Loan C 
 
 7/31/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 7.86 
 
 3M L+525 
 
 11,115 
 
 11,050 
 
 11,059 

Applied Technical Services, LLC 
 
 12/29/2026 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 
 
 8.76 
 
 3M L+575 
 
 8,421 
 
 8,317 
 
 8,211 

Arcfield Acquisition Corp. 
 
 3/7/2028 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 
 8.99 
 
 SOFR + 575 
 
 4,677 
 
 4,588 
 
 4,583 

Beta Plus Technologies, Inc. 
 
 7/1/2029 
 
 Business Services 
 
 7.76 
 
 SOFR + 525 
 
 5,000 
 
 4,903 
 
 4,900 

Blackhawk Industrial Distribution, Inc. 
 
 9/17/2024 
 
 Distributors 
 
 8.62 
 
 SOFR + 500 
 
 15,293 
 
 15,102 
 
 14,956 

Broder Bros., Co. 
 
 12/2/2022 
 
 Consumer Products 
 
 7.39 
 
 3M L+600 
 
 2,417 
 
 2,417 
 
 2,417 

By Light Professional IT Services, LLC 
 
 5/16/2024 
 
 High Tech Industries 
 
 9.20 
 
 1M L+662 
 
 14,822 
 
 14,771 
 
 14,674 

Cadence Aerospace, LLC 
 
 11/14/2023 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 
 11.31 
 
 3M L+325 
 
 12,412 
 
 12,385 
 
 12,288 

(PIK 11.31 

Cartessa Aesthetics, LLC 
 
 5/13/2028 
 
 Distributors 
 
 9.55 
 
 SOFR + 600 
 
 6,484 
 
 6,359 
 
 6,386 

CF512, Inc. 
 
 8/20/2026 
 
 Media 
 
 9.08 
 
 3M L+600 
 
 4,950 
 
 4,866 
 
 4,876 

CHA Holdings, Inc. 
 
 4/10/2025 
 
 Construction and Engineering 
 
 8.17 
 
 3M L+450 
 
 5,557 
 
 5,487 
 
 5,557 

Challenger Performance Optimization, Inc. 
 
 8/31/2023 
 
 Business Services 
 
 9.27 
 
 1M L+575 
 
 9,271 
 
 9,247 
 
 8,993 

(PIK 1.00 

Connatix Buyer, Inc. 
 
 7/13/2027 
 
 Media 
 
 8.42 
 
 3M L+550 
 
 3,907 
 
 3,842 
 
 3,810 

Crane 1 Services, Inc. 
 
 8/16/2027 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 
 
 9.39 
 
 3M L+575 
 
 2,110 
 
 2,084 
 
 2,089 

Douglas Products and Packaging Company LLC 
 
 10/19/2022 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 
 
 8.87 
 
 3M L+575 
 
 8,655 
 
 8,653 
 
 8,655 

Douglas Sewer Intermediate, LLC 
 
 10/19/2022 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 
 
 8.87 
 
 3M L+575 
 
 7,248 
 
 7,246 
 
 7,248 

Dr. Squatch, LLC 
 
 8/31/2027 
 
 Personal Products 
 
 9.42 
 
 3M L+575 
 
 14,862 
 
 14,610 
 
 14,639 

DRI Holding Inc. 
 
 12/21/2028 
 
 Media 
 
 8.37 
 
 1M L+525 
 
 1,832 
 
 1,680 
 
 1,643 

DRS Holdings III, Inc. 
 
 11/3/2025 
 
 Consumer Goods: Durable 
 
 8.87 
 
 1M L+575 
 
 15,179 
 
 15,103 
 
 14,693 

Duraco Specialty Tapes LLC 
 
 6/30/2024 
 
 Containers and Packaging 
 
 8.62 
 
 1M L+550 
 
 10,278 
 
 10,151 
 
 10,031 

ECL Entertainment, LLC 
 
 5/1/2028 
 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 
 
 10.62 
 
 3M L+750 
 
 2,621 
 
 2,598 
 
 2,581 

ECM Industries, LLC 
 
 12/23/2025 
 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments, and Components 
 
 7.82 
 
 3M L+475 
 
 4,974 
 
 4,974 
 
 4,738 

Exigo Intermediate II, LLC 
 
 3/15/2027 
 
 Software 
 
 8.87 
 
 1M L+575 
 
 12,935 
 
 12,759 
 
 12,644 

Fairbanks Morse Defense 
 
 6/17/2028 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 
 8.39 
 
 3M L+475 
 
 10,300 
 
 10,238 
 
 9,528 

Gantech Acquisition Corp. 
 
 5/14/2026 
 
 IT Services 
 
 9.37 
 
 1M L+625 
 
 14,638 
 
 14,427 
 
 14,199 

Global Holdings InterCo LLC 
 
 3/16/2026 
 
 Diversified Financial Services 
 
 8.74 
 
 3M L+600 
 
 3,904 
 
 3,888 
 
 3,728 

Graffiti Buyer, Inc. 
 
 8/10/2027 
 
 Trading Companies Distributors 
 
 9.17 
 
 3M L+550 
 
 2,369 
 
 2,320 
 
 2,274 

Hancock Roofing and Construction L.L.C. 
 
 12/31/2026 
 
 Insurance 
 
 8.67 
 
 1M L+500 
 
 2,392 
 
 2,347 
 
 2,356 

Holdco Sands Intermediate, LLC 
 
 11/23/2028 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 
 10.17 
 
 3M L+600 
 
 4,963 
 
 4,874 
 
 4,863 

HW Holdco, LLC 
 
 12/10/2024 
 
 Media 
 
 6.00 
 
 6M L+575 
 
 3,052 
 
 3,006 
 
 3,014 

Icon Partners III, LP 
 
 5/11/2028 
 
 Automobiles 
 
 7.55 
 
 3M L+450 
 
 2,327 
 
 1,997 
 
 1,701 

IDC Infusion Services, Inc. 
 
 12/30/2026 
 
 Healthcare Equipment and Supplies 
 
 10.20 
 
 SOFR+700 
 
 9,950 
 
 9,833 
 
 9,502 

Imagine Acquisitionco, LLC 
 
 11/15/2027 
 
 Software 
 
 8.42 
 
 1M L+550 
 
 5,364 
 
 5,261 
 
 5,230 

Inception Fertility Ventures, LLC 
 
 12/7/2023 
 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 
 8.55 
 
 SOFR+700 
 
 16,620 
 
 16,309 
 
 16,454 

Integrative Nutrition, LLC 
 
 9/29/2023 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 8.42 
 
 3M L+475 
 
 11,187 
 
 11,168 
 
 10,963 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 
 
 8/27/2025 
 
 Insurance 
 
 7.58 
 
 1M L+550 
 
 5,966 
 
 5,885 
 
 5,906 

ITI Holdings, Inc. 
 
 3/3/2028 
 
 IT Services 
 
 8.67 
 
 SOFR + 550 
 
 3,980 
 
 3,917 
 
 3,900 

K2 Pure Solutions NoCal, L.P. 
 
 12/20/2023 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 
 
 11.12 
 
 1M L+800 
 
 19,250 
 
 19,103 
 
 19,250 

Kinetic Purchaser, LLC 
 
 11/10/2027 
 
 Personal Products 
 
 9.67 
 
 3M L+600 
 
 16,830 
 
 16,451 
 
 16,494 

Lash OpCo, LLC 
 
 2/18/2027 
 
 Personal Products 
 
 11.17 
 
 3M L+700 
 
 14,355 
 
 14,074 
 
 14,068 

LAV Gear Holdings, Inc. 
 
 10/31/2024 
 
 Capital Equipment 
 
 9.70 
 
 3M L+550 
 
 10,578 
 
 10,539 
 
 10,335 

(PIK 2.00 

Lightspeed Buyer Inc. 
 
 2/3/2026 
 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 
 
 9.04 
 
 3M L+575 
 
 10,598 
 
 10,428 
 
 10,254 

Lucky Bucks, LLC 
 
 7/20/2027 
 
 Hotel, Gaming and Leisure 
 
 8.31 
 
 3M L+550 
 
 4,331 
 
 4,258 
 
 3,183 

Magenta Buyer, LLC 
 
 7/31/2028 
 
 Software 
 
 7.87 
 
 1M L+475 
 
 2,695 
 
 2,539 
 
 2,425 

Marketplace Events, LLC - Super Priority First Lien Term Loan 
 
 9/30/2025 
 
 Media: Diversified and Production 
 
 8.19 
 
 1M L+525 
 
 647 
 
 647 
 
 647 

Marketplace Events, LLC - Super Priority First Lien Unfunded Term Loan (3) 
 
 9/30/2025 
 
 Media: Diversified and Production 

589 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Marketplace Events, LLC 
 
 9/30/2026 
 
 Media: Diversified and Production 
 
 8.19 
 
 1M L+525 
 
 4,837 
 
 3,527 
 
 4,837 

Mars Acquisition Holdings Corp. 
 
 5/14/2026 
 
 Media 
 
 8.62 
 
 1M L+550 
 
 9,900 
 
 9,782 
 
 9,851 

MBS Holdings, Inc. 
 
 4/16/2027 
 
 Internet Software and Services 
 
 8.56 
 
 3M L+575 
 
 7,406 
 
 7,296 
 
 7,332 

MDI Buyer, Inc. 
 
 7/25/2028 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 
 
 8.98 
 
 3M L+500 
 
 5,000 
 
 4,902 
 
 4,900 

Meadowlark Acquirer, LLC 
 
 12/10/2027 
 
 Professional Services 
 
 9.17 
 
 3M L+650 
 
 2,396 
 
 2,353 
 
 2,372 

Mission Critical Electronics, Inc. 
 
 3/28/2024 
 
 Capital Equipment 
 
 8.70 
 
 SOFR+500 
 
 5,829 
 
 5,817 
 
 5,759 

Municipal Emergency Services, Inc. 
 
 9/28/2027 
 
 Distributors 
 
 8.67 
 
 3M L+500 
 
 3,465 
 
 3,405 
 
 3,264 

NBH Group LLC 
 
 8/19/2026 
 
 Healthcare, Education Childcare 
 
 7.80 
 
 1M L+550 
 
 10,820 
 
 10,641 
 
 10,820 

New Milani Group LLC 
 
 6/6/2024 
 
 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 
 
 7.75 
 
 3M L+500 
 
 14,363 
 
 14,319 
 
 14,111 

OIS Management Services, LLC 
 
 7/9/2026 
 
 Healthcare Equipment and Supplies 
 
 8.40 
 
 SOFR+475 
 
 5,060 
 
 4,991 
 
 5,060 

One Stop Mailing, LLC 
 
 5/7/2027 
 
 Air Freight and Logistics 
 
 9.37 
 
 1M L+625 
 
 14,598 
 
 14,353 
 
 14,160 

Output Services Group, Inc. 
 
 3/27/2024 
 
 Business Services 
 
 9.80 
 
 3M L+425 
 
 7,682 
 
 7,676 
 
 5,838 

Owl Acquisition, LLC 
 
 2/4/2028 
 
 Professional Services 
 
 8.41 
 
 3M L+575 
 
 3,990 
 
 3,918 
 
 3,890 

Ox Two, LLC 
 
 5/18/2026 
 
 Construction and Building 
 
 9.81 
 
 3M L+600 
 
 4,925 
 
 4,866 
 
 4,827 

PH Beauty Holdings III, Inc. 
 
 9/29/2025 
 
 Wholesale 
 
 8.07 
 
 1M L+500 
 
 9,593 
 
 9,234 
 
 7,674 

PL Acquisitionco, LLC 
 
 11/9/2027 
 
 Textiles, Apparel and Luxury Goods 
 
 9.62 
 
 1M L+650 
 
 8,238 
 
 8,111 
 
 8,032 

Plant Health Intermediate, Inc. 
 
 10/19/2022 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 
 
 8.87 
 
 3M L+575 
 
 1,562 
 
 1,561 
 
 1,562 

PlayPower, Inc. 
 
 5/8/2026 
 
 Consumer Goods: Durable 
 
 9.17 
 
 3M L+550 
 
 2,580 
 
 2,500 
 
 2,309 

Pragmatic Institute, LLC 
 
 7/6/2028 
 
 Education 
 
 9.30 
 
 SOFR+575 
 
 11,250 
 
 11,056 
 
 11,138 

Quantic Electronics, LLC 
 
 11/19/2026 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 
 8.41 
 
 1M L+625 
 
 4,845 
 
 4,755 
 
 4,729 

Quantic Electronics, LLC - Unfunded Term Loan (3) 
 
 11/19/2026 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

1,888 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Reception Purchaser, LLC 
 
 2/28/2028 
 
 Air Freight and Logistics 
 
 9.13 
 
 SOFR+600 
 
 4,975 
 
 4,904 
 
 4,751 

Recteq, LLC 
 
 1/29/2026 
 
 Leisure Products 
 
 9.92 
 
 3M L+600 
 
 4,925 
 
 4,856 
 
 4,753 

Research Now Group, LLC and Dynata, LLC 
 
 12/20/2024 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 8.84 
 
 3M L+550 
 
 12,564 
 
 12,354 
 
 11,291 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 9 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2022 
 in thousands) 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 
 
 Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 
 
 Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 
 
 Par / Shares 
 
 Cost 
 
 Fair Value (2) 

Sales Benchmark Index LLC 
 
 1/3/2025 
 
 Professional Services 
 
 9.67 
 
 3M L+600 
 
 5,013 
 
 4,960 
 
 4,963 

Sargent Greenleaf Inc. 
 
 12/20/2024 
 
 Wholesale 
 
 8.62 
 
 3M L+550 
 
 5,240 
 
 5,202 
 
 5,187 

Schlesinger Global, Inc. 
 
 7/14/2025 
 
 Business Services 
 
 10.27 
 
 SOFR+500 
 
 11,847 
 
 11,829 
 
 11,551 

(PIK 0.50 

Sigma Defense Systems, LLC 
 
 12/18/2025 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 
 12.17 
 
 1M L+850 
 
 14,716 
 
 14,411 
 
 14,421 

Smile Brands Inc. 
 
 10/14/2025 
 
 Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 
 
 7.05 
 
 3M L+450 
 
 11,917 
 
 11,807 
 
 11,470 

Solutionreach, Inc. 
 
 1/17/2024 
 
 Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 
 
 8.87 
 
 1M L+575 
 
 5,647 
 
 5,625 
 
 5,511 

Spendmend Holdings LLC 
 
 3/1/2028 
 
 Healthcare Technology 
 
 8.63 
 
 SOFR+575 
 
 2,956 
 
 2,916 
 
 2,873 

STV Group Incorporated 
 
 12/11/2026 
 
 Construction and Building 
 
 8.37 
 
 3M L+525 
 
 9,075 
 
 9,011 
 
 8,985 

System Planning and Analysis, Inc. (f/k/a Management Consulting Research, LLC) 
 
 8/16/2027 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 
 8.73 
 
 SOFR+600 
 
 14,888 
 
 14,623 
 
 14,649 

Teneo Holdings LLC 
 
 7/18/2025 
 
 Business Services 
 
 8.38 
 
 3M L+625 
 
 2,786 
 
 2,757 
 
 2,623 

The Aegis Technologies Group, LLC 
 
 10/31/2025 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 
 
 9.55 
 
 3M L+500 
 
 5,659 
 
 5,600 
 
 5,603 

The Bluebird Group LLC 
 
 7/27/2026 
 
 Professional Services 
 
 10.67 
 
 1M L+700 
 
 1,707 
 
 1,679 
 
 1,724 

The Infosoft Group, LLC 
 
 9/16/2024 
 
 Media: Broadcasting and Subscription 
 
 8.47 
 
 3M L+525 
 
 12,957 
 
 12,952 
 
 12,859 

The Vertex Companies, LLC 
 
 8/30/2027 
 
 Construction and Engineering 
 
 8.62 
 
 1M L+550 
 
 5,578 
 
 5,479 
 
 5,550 

TPC Canada Parent, Inc. and TPC US Parent, LLC 
 
 11/24/2025 
 
 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 
 
 8.30 
 
 3M L+475 
 
 8,744 
 
 8,604 
 
 8,482 

TVC Enterprises, LLC 
 
 3/26/2026 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 8.87 
 
 3M L+550 
 
 14,952 
 
 14,871 
 
 14,578 

TWS Acquisition Corporation 
 
 6/16/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 
 
 8.76 
 
 3M L+625 
 
 5,468 
 
 5,450 
 
 5,441 

Tyto Athene, LLC (New Issue) 
 
 4/1/2028 
 
 IT Services 
 
 7.76 
 
 3M L+550 
 
 15,550 
 
 15,421 
 
 14,446 

UBEO, LLC 
 
 4/3/2024 
 
 Capital Equipment 
 
 8.17 
 
 3M L+450 
 
 17,390 
 
 17,305 
 
 17,129 

Unique Indoor Comfort, LLC 
 
 5/24/2027 
 
 Home and Office Furnishings, Housewares 
 
 8.95 
 
 SOFR+525 
 
 4,975 
 
 4,880 
 
 4,866 

Walker Edison Furniture Company LLC 
 
 3/31/2027 
 
 Wholesale 
 
 12.42 
 
 3M L+575 
 
 12,684 
 
 12,438 
 
 8,473 

(PIK 3.0 

Wildcat Buyerco, Inc. 
 
 2/27/2026 
 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments, and Components 
 
 9.45 
 
 SOFR+550 
 
 8,546 
 
 8,506 
 
 8,261 

Zips Car Wash, LLC 
 
 3/1/2024 
 
 Automobiles 
 
 10.35 
 
 3M L+725 
 
 16,957 
 
 16,711 
 
 16,536 

Total First Lien Secured Debt 

767,316 
 
 751,628 

Second Lien Secured Debt - 5.2 

Inventus Power, Inc. 
 
 9/29/2024 
 
 Consumer Goods: Durable 
 
 12.17 
 
 3M L+850 
 
 3,000 
 
 2,963 
 
 2,955 

Total Second Lien Secured Debt 

2,963 
 
 2,955 

Equity Securities - 0.3 

New MPE Holdings, LLC 

Media: Diversified and Production 

139 

Total Equity Securities 

139 

Total Investments - 1,335.9 

770,280 
 
 754,722 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - 53.4 

BlackRock Federal FD Institutional 30 

30,152 
 
 30,152 

Total Cash and Cash Equivalents 

30,152 
 
 30,152 

Total Investments and Cash Equivalents 1,389.26 

800,432 
 
 784,874 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets (1,289.26) 

(728,378) 

Members' Equity 100.0 

56,496 

(1) Represents floating rate instruments that accrue interest at a predetermined spread relative to an index, typically the applicable LIBOR, or L , Secured Overnight Financing Rate or SOFR , or Prime rate or P . The spread may change based on the type of rate used. The terms in the Consolidated Schedule of Investments disclose the actual interest rate in effect as of the reporting period. LIBOR loans are typically indexed to a 30-day, 60-day, 90-day or 180-day SOFR rate (1M S, 2M S, 3M S, or 6M S, respectively), at the borrower s option. All securities are subject to a SOFR or Prime rate floor where a spread is provided, unless noted. The spread provided includes PIK interest and other fee rates, if any. 

(2) Valued based on PSSL s accounting policy. 

(3) Represents the purchase of a security with a delayed settlement or a revolving line of credit that is currently an unfunded investment. This security does not earn a basis point spread above an index while it is unfunded. 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 10 
 
 PENNANTPARK SENIOR SECURED LOAN FUND I LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 
 1. ORGANIZATION 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC PSSL ), is organized as a Delaware limited liability company and commenced operations in May 2017. PSSL is a joint venture between PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. PFLT and Trinity Universal Insurance Company, a subsidiary of Kemper Corporation (NYSE: KMPR), Kemper ). In this report, except where the context suggests otherwise, the terms Company, we, our, or us refer to PSSL and its consolidated subsidiary. 
 
 The Company's investment objectives are to generate current income and capital appreciation while seeking to preserve capital. We seek to achieve our investment objective by investing primarily in loans bearing a variable-rate of interest, or floating rate loans, and other investments made to U.S. middle-market companies whose debt is rated below investment grade. Floating rate loans pay interest at variable rates, which are determined periodically, on the basis of a floating base lending rate such as London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), and Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), with or without a floor, plus a fixed spread. 
 
 PFLT and Kemper (individually a Member and collectively the Members provide capital to PSSL in the form of notes and equity interests. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, PFLT and Kemper owned 87.5 and 12.5 , respectively, of each of the outstanding notes and equity interests. The administrative agent of the Company is PennantPark Investment Administration, LLC, (the Administrative Agent ). The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, or the Sub-Administrator, provides certain services to the Administrative Agent with respect to certain accounting matters and has the responsibility for the official books and records. 
 
 PFLT and Kemper each appointed two members to PSSL s four-person board of directors and investment committee. All material decisions with respect to PSSL, including those involving its investment portfolio, require unanimous approval of a quorum of the board of directors or investment committee. Quorum is defined as (i) the presence of two members of the board of directors or investment committee; provided that at least one individual is present that was elected, designated or appointed by each of the Members; (ii) the presence of three members of the board of directors or investment committee, provided that the individual that was elected, designated or appointed by the Member with only one individual present shall be entitled to cast two votes on each matter; and (iii) the presence of four members of the board of directors or investment committee shall constitute a quorum, provided that two individuals are present that were elected, designated or appointed by each of the Members. 
 
 In January 2021, Pennant Park Senior Secured Loan Facility II, LLC PSSL II ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of PSSL, was formed as a financing subsidiary for purposes of entering into a senior secured revolving credit facility with Ally Bank (see Note 10). 
 
 In January 2021, PSSL completed a 300.7 million debt securitization in the form of a collateralized loan obligation, or the 2032 Asset-Backed Debt . The 2032 Asset-Backed Debt is secured by a diversified portfolio of PennantPark CLO II, Ltd. CLO II ), a wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiary of PSSL, consisting primarily of middle market loans and participation interests in middle market loans. The 2032 Asset-Backed Debt is scheduled to mature in January 2032. 
 
 In April 2023, PSSL completed a 297.8 million debt securitization in the form of a collateralized loan obligation, or the 2035 Asset-Backed Debt . The 2035 Asset-Backed Debt is secured by a diversified portfolio of PennantPark CLO VI, LLC CLO VI ), a wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiary of PSSL, consisting primarily of middle market loans and participation interests in middle market loans. The 2035 Asset-Backed Debt is scheduled to mature in April 2035. 
 
 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 PSSL is considered an investment company under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP and follows the accounting and reporting guidance applicable to investment companies in the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 946. References to the Accounting Standards Codification, as amended ASC ), serves as a source of accounting literature. Subsequent events are evaluated and recognized or disclosed as appropriate for events occurring through the date the consolidated financial statements are available to be issued. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of our assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reported periods. In the opinion of the Company, all adjustments, which are of a normal recurring nature, considered necessary for the fair presentation of financial statements have been included. Actual results could differ from these estimates due to changes in the economic and regulatory environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates and assumptions. We have eliminated all intercompany balances and transactions. 

11 
 
 PENNANTPARK SENIOR SECURED LOAN FUND I LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 
 (a) Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statement 
 
 During the preparation of the financial statements as of and for the year ended September 30, 2023, Management identified 
 an error in the classification and presentation of cash pertaining to the Company s affiliate, PFLT, in the September 30, 2022 financial statements. The Company recorded cash activity and due from affiliate pertaining to their investments as an increase in the cash account instead of presenting the related cash and cash equivalents as an asset and another asset for due from affiliate. The impact of the error correction is reflected in a 3.6 million decrease to cash and offsetting increase to due from affiliates as of September 30, 2022 and a decrease in due from affiliates within operating activities on the consolidated statement of cash flows totaling 3.6 million for the year ended September 30, 2022. There was no impact from the error correction to total members' equity as reported on the consolidated statement of assets, liabilities and members' equity as of September 30, 2022. In addition, there was no impact from the error correction on net investment income or net increase (decrease) in members' equity resulting from operations in total as reported on the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended September 30, 2022. The corrections were reported in the year ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Our significant accounting policies consistently applied are as follows: 
 
 (b) Investment Valuations 
 
 We expect that there may not be readily available market values for many of our investments, which are or will be in our portfolio, and we value such investments at fair value as determined in good faith by or under the direction of our board of directors using a documented valuation policy, described herein, and a consistently applied valuation process. With respect to investments for which there is no readily available market value, the factors that the board of directors may consider in pricing our investments at fair value include, as relevant, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to publicly traded securities and other relevant factors. When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, we consider the pricing indicated by the external event in determining our valuation. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the price used in an actual transaction may be different than our valuation and the difference may be material. See Note 4. 
 
 Our portfolio generally consists of illiquid securities, including debt investments. With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, or for which market quotations are deemed not reflective of the fair value, our board of directors undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 
 	 
 (1) Our quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the investment professionals of PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC, the investment adviser to PFLT, responsible for the portfolio investment; 

(2) Preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with the management of PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC; 

(3) Our board of directors also engages independent valuation firms to conduct independent appraisals of our investments for which market quotations are not readily available or are readily available but deemed not reflective of the fair value of the investment. The independent valuation firms review PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC s preliminary valuations in light of their own independent assessment and also in light of any market quotations obtained from an independent pricing service, broker, dealer or market maker; 

(4) Our board of directors reviews the preliminary valuations of PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC and those of the independent valuation firms on a quarterly basis, periodically assesses the valuation methodologies of the independent valuation firms, and responds to and supplements the valuation recommendations of the independent valuation firms to reflect any comments; and 

(5) Our board of directors assesses these valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith, based on the input of PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC and the respective independent valuation firms. 

Our board of directors generally uses market quotations to assess the value of our investments for which market quotations are readily available. We obtain these market values from independent pricing services or at bid prices obtained from at least two brokers 
 
 12 
 
 PENNANTPARK SENIOR SECURED LOAN FUND I LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 
 or dealers, if available, or otherwise from a principal market maker or a primary market dealer. PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC assesses the source and reliability of bids from brokers or dealers. If the board of directors has a bona fide reason to believe any such market quote does not reflect the fair value of an investment, it may independently value such investments by using the valuation procedure that it uses with respect to assets for which market quotations are not readily available. 
 
 (c) Security Transactions, Revenue Recognition, and Realized/Unrealized Gains or Losses 
 
 Security transactions are recorded on a trade date basis. We record interest income on an accrual basis to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts. For loans and debt investments with contractual payment-in-kind, or PIK interest, which represents interest accrued and added to the loan balance that generally becomes due at maturity, we will generally not accrue PIK interest when the portfolio company valuation indicates that such PIK interest is not collectable. We do not accrue as a receivable, interest on loans and debt investments if we have reason to doubt our ability to collect such interest. Loan origination fees, original issue discount OID ), market discount or premium and deferred financing costs on liabilities, which we do not fair value, are capitalized and then accreted or amortized using the effective interest method as interest income or, in the case of deferred financing costs, as interest expense. Dividend income, if any, is recognized on an accrual basis on the ex-dividend date to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts. From time to time, the Company receives certain fees from portfolio companies, which are non-recurring in nature. Such fees include loan prepayment penalties, structuring fees and amendment fees, and are recorded as other investment income when earned. 
 
 Loans are placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are past due 30 days or more and/or if there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected. Accrued interest receivable is generally reversed when a loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon the Company judgment. Non-accrual loans are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and, in the Company judgment, are likely to remain current. As of September 30, 2023, we had two portfolio companies on non-accrual, representing 1.5 and 0.3 of our overall portfolio on a cost and fair value basis. As of September 30, 2022, none of our portfolio companies were on non-accrual. 
 
 We measure realized gains or losses by the difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment, using the specific identification method, without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized, but considering prepayment penalties. Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation reflects the change in the fair values of our portfolio investments during the reporting period, including any reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation, when gains or losses are realized. 

(d) Income Taxes 
 
 PSSL is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and is not subject to U.S. federal income tax. Accordingly, no provisions for U.S. income taxes have been made. The Members are responsible for reporting their share of the PSSL s income or loss on their U.S. income tax returns. 
 
 In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740, the Company is required to determine whether a tax position of PSSL is more likely than not, based on the technical merits of the position, to be sustained upon examination including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. The tax benefit to be recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. De-recognition of a tax benefit previously recognized could result in PSSL recording a tax liability that would reduce members capital. 
 
 As of and for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022,management has determined that there were no material uncertain income tax positions. 
 
 (e) Foreign Currency Translation 
 
 Our books and records are maintained in U.S. dollars. Any foreign currency amounts are translated into U.S. dollars on the following basis: 
 
 1. Fair value of investment securities, other assets and liabilities at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the applicable period; and 

13 
 
 PENNANTPARK SENIOR SECURED LOAN FUND I LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

2. Purchases and sales of investment securities, income and expenses at the exchange rates prevailing on the respective dates of such transactions. 

Although Members capital and fair values are presented based on the applicable foreign exchange rates described above, we do not isolate that portion of the results of operations due to changes in foreign exchange rates on investments, other assets and debt from the fluctuations arising from changes in fair values of investments held. Such fluctuations are included with the net realized and unrealized gain or loss from investments. 
 
 Foreign security and currency translations may involve certain considerations and risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. companies and U.S. government securities. These risks include, but are not limited to, currency fluctuations and revaluations and future adverse political, social and economic developments, which could cause investments in foreign markets to be less liquid and prices to be more volatile than those of comparable U.S. companies or U.S. government securities. 

(f) Consolidation 
 
 As explained by ASC paragraph 946-810-45, PSSL will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than an investment company subsidiary or a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to us. 

(g) Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-13, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework - Changes in 
 the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value Measurement , which changes the fair value measurement disclosure requirements on fair value measurements in Topic 820. The ASU removed the requirements to disclosure the policy for the timing of transfers between levels, the valuation processes for Level 3 fair value measurements, the Level 3 reconciliation from opening balances to closing balances, and the change in unrealized gains and losses of Level 3 fair value measurements held on the balance sheet date. While most changes are applied on a retrospective basis, the ASU still requires the change in unrealized gain and losses of Level 3 fair value measurements held as of the prior year to be disclosed. As a result of these removals certain modifications were made, including disclosure of the amount of and reason for transfers into and out of Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy and the amount of purchases and issues of Level 3 assets and liabilities. PSSL adopted this ASU for the year ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting or ASU 2020-04. The guidance provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contract modifications, hedging relationships and other transactions, subject to meeting certain criteria, that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of the reference rate reform. ASU 2020-04 is effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. The Company utilized the optional expedients and exceptions provided by ASU 2020-04 during the years ended September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, the effect of which was not material to the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. 
 
 In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) or ASU 2022-02, which is intended to address issues identified during the post-implementation review of ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . The amendment, among other things, eliminates the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings by creditors in Subtopic 310-40, Receivables - Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors , while enhancing disclosure requirements for certain loan refinancings and restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. The new guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company adopted ASU 2022-02 on its consolidated financial statement and disclosures. 
 
 In June 2022, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions, or ASU 2022-03, which changed the fair value measurement disclosure requirements of ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, or ASC 820. The amendments clarify that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of the equity security and, therefore, is not considered in measuring fair value. The amendments also clarify that an entity cannot, as a separate unit of account, recognize and measure a contractual sale restriction. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods therein. Early application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the 
 
 14 
 
 PENNANTPARK SENIOR SECURED LOAN FUND I LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 
 adoption of this new accounting standard will have on its consolidated financial statements, but the impact of the adoption is not expected to be material. 

3. AGREEMENTS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 
 On June 10, 2022, PFLT was issued a capital call from the Company totaling 28.4 million consisting of Member notes of 19.9 million and equity interest of 8.5 million. PFLT fulfilled the June 10, 2022 capital call by contributing 28.0 million of securities and 0.4 million in cash to the Company. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, PSSL purchased 158.2 million and 275.8 million, in investments from PFLT, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, PSSL had a receivable from PFLT of 0.4 million and 3.6 million, respectively, 
 presented as a Due from Affiliate on the consolidated statements of assets, liabilities and members' equity. These amounts are related to cash owed to PSSL from PFLT in connection with trades between funds. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, PSSL incurred 2.1 and 1.8 million of Administration fees to the Administrative Agent, respectively. The Administrative Agent provides administration services to PSSL at an annual rate of 0.25 of average gross assets under management payable quarterly in arrears and calculated based on average gross assets measured at cost at the end of the two recently completed calendar quarters. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, PSSL incurred 30.3 million and 17.5 million of interest expense related to the notes outstanding with the Members, respectively. 

4. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 
 Fair value, as defined under ASC 820, is the price that we would receive upon selling an investment or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction to a market participant in the principal or most advantageous market for the investment or liability. ASC 820 emphasizes that valuation techniques maximize the use of observable market inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Inputs refer broadly to the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability, including assumptions about risk. Inputs may be observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent of us. Unobservable inputs reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability based on the best information available to us on the reporting period date. 
 
 ASC 820 classifies the inputs used to measure these fair values into the following hierarchies: 
 
 Level 1:	Inputs that are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, accessible by us at the measurement date. 
 
 Level 2:	Inputs that are quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or that are quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term, if applicable, of the financial instrument. 
 
 Level 3:	Inputs that are unobservable for an asset or liability because they are based on our own assumptions about how market participants would price the asset or liability. 
 
 A financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Generally, most of our investments are classified as Level 3. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the price used in an actual transaction may be different than our valuation and those differences may be material. 
 
 15 
 
 PENNANTPARK SENIOR SECURED LOAN FUND I LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

The inputs into the determination of fair value may require significant management judgment or estimation. Even if observable market data is available, such information may be the result of consensus pricing information, disorderly transactions or broker quotes which include a disclaimer that the broker would not be held to such a price in an actual transaction. The non-binding nature of consensus pricing and/or quotes accompanied by disclaimer would result in classification as Level 3 information, assuming no additional corroborating evidence were available. Corroborating evidence that would result in classifying these non-binding broker/dealer bids as a Level 2 asset includes observable market-based transactions for the same or similar assets or other relevant observable market-based inputs that may be used in pricing an asset. 
 
 Our investments are generally structured as debt in the form of first lien secured debt, but may also include second lien secured debt, subordinated debt and equity investments. The transaction price, excluding transaction costs, is typically the best estimate of fair value at inception. Ongoing reviews by the Members and independent valuation firms are based on an assessment of each underlying investment, incorporating valuations that consider the evaluation of financing and sale transactions with third parties, expected cash flows and market-based information including comparable transactions, performance multiples and yields, among other factors. These non-public investments using unobservable inputs are included in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 A review of fair value hierarchy classifications is conducted on a quarterly basis. Changes in our ability to observe valuation inputs may result in a reclassification for certain financial assets or liabilities. 
 
 In addition to using the above inputs in valuing cash equivalents and investments, we employ the valuation policy approved by our board of directors that is consistent with ASC 820. Consistent with our valuation policy, we evaluate the source of inputs, including any markets in which our investments are trading, in determining fair value. See Note 2. 
 
 As outlined in the table below, some of our Level 3 investments using a market comparable valuation technique are valued using the average of the bids from brokers or dealers. The bids include a disclaimer, may not have corroborating evidence, may be the result of a disorderly transaction and may be the result of consensus pricing. The Members assess the source and reliability of bids from brokers or dealers. If the board of directors has a bona fide reason to believe any such market quote does not reflect the fair value of an investment, it may independently value such investments by using the valuation procedure that it uses with respect to assets for which market quotations are not readily available. 
 
 Some of our investments can also be valued using a market comparable or an enterprise market value technique. With respect to investments for which there is no readily available market value, the factors that the board of directors may consider in pricing our investments at fair value include, as relevant, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments, its earnings and discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to publicly traded securities and other relevant factors. When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, the pricing indicated by the external event, excluding transaction costs, is used to corroborate the valuation. When using earnings multiples to value a portfolio company, the multiple used requires the use of judgment and estimates in determining how a market participant would price such an asset. These non-public investments using unobservable inputs are included in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Generally, the sensitivity of unobservable inputs or combination of inputs such as industry comparable companies, market outlook, consistency, discount rates and reliability of earnings and prospects for growth, or lack thereof, affects the multiple used in pricing an investment. As a result, any change in any one of those factors may have a significant impact on the valuation of an investment. Generally, an increase in a market yield will result in a decrease in the valuation of a debt investment, while a decrease in a market yield will have the opposite effect. Generally, an increase in an EBITDA multiple will result in an increase in the valuation of an investment, while a decrease in an EBITDA will have the opposite effect. 

Our Level 3 valuation techniques, unobservable inputs and ranges were categorized as follows for ASC 820 purposes: 

16 
 
 PENNANTPARK SENIOR SECURED LOAN FUND I LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

Asset Category 
 
 Fair value at September 30, 2023 

Valuation Technique 
 
 Unobservable Input 
 
 Range of Input (Weighted Average) (1) 

First Lien 

91,489 

Market Comparable 
 
 Broker/Dealer bids or quotes 
 
 N/A 

First Lien 

691,949 

Market Comparable 
 
 Market Yield 
 
 10.0 18.8 (12.3 

First Lien 

160 

Market Comparable 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 2.8x 

Equity 

2,261 

Enterprise Market Value 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 5.3x 10.9x (6.5x) 

Total Level 3 investments 

785,859 

Asset Category 
 
 Fair value at September 30, 2022 

Valuation Technique 
 
 Unobservable Input 
 
 Range of Input (Weighted Average) (1) 

First lien 

127,355 

Market Comparable 
 
 Broker/Dealer bids or quotes 
 
 N/A 

First lien 

615,800 

Market Comparable 
 
 Market Yield 
 
 6.0 12.2 (9.1 

First lien 

8,473 

Enterprise Market Value 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 14.0x 

Second Lien 

2,955 

Market Comparable 
 
 Market Yield 
 
 12.2 - 12.2 (12.2 

Equity 

139 

Enterprise Market Value 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 8.0x 

Total Level 3 investments 

754,722 

(1) 	The weighted averages disclosed in the table above were weighted by their relative fair value. 

Our investments and cash and cash equivalents were categorized as follows in the fair value hierarchy for ASC 820 purposes: 

Fair Value at September 30, 2023 

Description 
 
 Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

First lien 

783,598 

783,598 

Equity 

2,261 

2,261 

Total investments 

785,859 

785,859 

Cash and cash equivalents 

77,446 

77,446 

Total investments, cash and cash equivalents 

77,446 

785,859 

863,305 

Fair Value at September 30, 2022 

Description 
 
 Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total 

First lien 

751,628 

751,628 

Second Lien 

2,955 

2,955 

Equity 

139 

139 

Total investments 

754,722 

754,722 

Cash and cash equivalents 

30,152 

30,152 

Total investments, cash and cash equivalents 

30,152 

754,722 

784,874 

Net Change in unrealized depreciation reported within the net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation on investments in our Consolidated Statements of Operations attributable to our level 3 assets still held as of September 30, 2022 was 8.3) million related to debt investments, 0.5) million related to equity investments and 8.8) million related to total investments. 
 
 For the year ended September 30, 2023, the amount of Level 3 purchases, including PIK interest, net discount accretion and non-cash exchanges for the year were 195.8 million. There were no Level 3 transfers. 
 
 For the year ended September 30, 2022, the amount of Level 3 purchases, including PIK interest, net discount accretion and non-cash exchanges for the year were 311.0 million. There were no Level 3 transfers. 
 
 17 
 
 PENNANTPARK SENIOR SECURED LOAN FUND I LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

5. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 
 Cash equivalents represent cash invested in overnight money market funds. These temporary investments with original maturities of 90 days or less are deemed cash equivalents. Cash deposited at financial institutions is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), up to specified limits. At times, such balances may exceed FDIC insured amounts. As of September 30, 2023, the entire amount of 77.4 million included in the cash and cash equivalents balance on the Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities is comprised of money market funds, which are not subject to FDIC insurance. As of September 30, 2022, cash and cash equivalents consisted of money market funds in the amounts of 30.2 million at fair value. PSSL believes it is not exposed to any significant risk of loss on its cash and cash equivalents. 
 
 6. MEMBERS EQUITY 
 
 PFLT and Kemper provide capital to PSSL in the form of equity interests. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, PFLT and Kemper owned 87.5 and 12.5 , respectively, of equity interests in PSSL. 
 
 As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, PFLT had commitments to fund equity interests to PSSL of 101.9 million and 90.0 million, respectively, of which 11.8 million and 8.5 million, respectively, were unfunded. 
 
 As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, Kemper had commitments to fund equity interests to PSSL of 14.6 million and 12.9 million, respectively, of which 1.7 million and 1.2 million, respectively were unfunded. 

7. NOTES PAYABLE TO MEMBERS 
 
 PFLT and Kemper provide capital to PSSL in the form of first lien secured debt Member Notes ). The Member Notes were previously subordinated debt that were modified during the year ended September 30, 2018 to eliminate the subordination provision. The Member Notes bear an interest rate of 3-month LIBOR plus 8.0 through June 30, 2023 and 3-month SOFR plus 8.0 after June 30, 2023 and mature on May 6, 2024. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, PFLT and Kemper owned 87.5 and 12.5 of the Member Notes, respectively. 
 
 As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, PFLT had commitments to fund Member Notes to PSSL of 237.7 million and 210.1 million, respectively, of which 27.6 million and 19.9 million, respectively, were unfunded. 
 
 As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, Kemper had commitments to fund Member Notes to PSSL of 34.0 million and 30.0 million, respectively, of which 3.9 million and 2.8 million, respectively, were unfunded. 
 
 8. RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES 
 
 Investment risk 
 
 PSSL seeks investment opportunities that offer the possibility of attaining income generation, capital preservation and capital appreciation including investments in private companies. Certain events particular to each industry in which PSSL s investments conduct their operations, as well as general economic and political conditions, may have a significant negative impact on the investee s operations and profitability. Such events are beyond PSSL s controls, and the likelihood that they may occur cannot be predicted. Furthermore, investments of PSSL are made in private companies and there are generally no public markets for these securities at the current time. The ability of PSSL to liquidate these investments and realize value is subject to significant limitations and uncertainties. 
 
 Leverage Risk 
 
 PSSL may borrow funds in order to increase the amount of capital available for investment. The use of leverage can improve the return on invested equity, however, such use may also magnify the potential for loss on invested equity capital. If the value of PSSL s assets decreases, leveraging would cause Members equity to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had PSSL not used leverage. Similarly, any decrease in PSSL s income would cause Members equity to decline more sharply than it would have had PSSL not borrowed. Borrowings will usually be from credit facilities and/or debt securitization which will typically be 
 
 18 
 
 PENNANTPARK SENIOR SECURED LOAN FUND I LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 
 secured by PSSL s securities and other assets. Under certain circumstances, such debt may demand an increase in the collateral that secures PSSL s obligations and if PSSL was unable to provide additional collateral, the debt could liquidate assets held in the account to satisfy PSSL s obligations. Liquidation in this manner could have adverse consequences. Additionally, the amount of PSSL s borrowings and the interest rates on those borrowings, which will fluctuate, could have a significant effect on PSSL s profitability. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 PSSL primarily invests in first lien secured debt to middle-market companies. A majority of the investments held by PSSL are subject to restrictions on their resale or are otherwise illiquid. PSSL assumes the credit risk of the borrower. In the event that the borrower becomes insolvent or enters bankruptcy, PSSL may incur certain costs and delays in realizing payment, or may suffer a loss of principal and/or interest. 
 
 9. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
 
 The Members are responsible for all investment making and business decisions, therefore, there is no requirement to show financial highlights per ASC 946, which have been omitted accordingly. 

10. LEVERAGE 
 
 Credit Facility 
 
 On January 26, 2021, PSSL II entered into a 125.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility with Ally Bank (the Ally Credit Facility ). Between June 3, 2021 and May 2, 2022, the Ally Credit Facility was amended to increase the total commitment to 325 million. On August 16, 2023, the total commitment was decreased to 260 million. Interest on the Ally Credit Facility ranged from LIBOR plus 2.5 to SOFR plus 2.6 . The Ally credit facility matures on January 26, 2026 and is secured by substantially all of the assets held by PSSL II. As of September 30, 2023 there were 48.6 million in outstanding borrowings under the Ally Credit Facility and we were in compliance with all required covenants in the facility. 
 
 Asset - Backed Debt 
 In January 2021, CLO II completed a 300.7 million debt securitization in the form of a collateralized loan obligation (the Debt Securitization or the 2032 Asset-Backed Debt ). The 2032 Asset-Backed Debt is secured by a diversified portfolio consisting primarily of middle market loans. The Debt Securitization was executed through a private placement of: (i) 171.0 million Class A-1 Senior Secured Floating Rate Loans maturing 2032, which bear interest at the three-month SOFR plus 1.9 , (ii) 6.0 million Class A-2 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2032, which bear interest at three month SOFR plus 2.25 , (iii) 15.5 million Class B-1 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2032, which bear interest at the three-month SOFR plus 2.6 , (iv) 8.5 million Class B-2 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes due 2032, which bear interest of 3.14 , (v) 27.0 million Class C Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2032, which bear interest at the three-month SOFR plus 4.25 , (vi) 18.0 million Class D Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2032, which bear interest at the three-month SOFR plus 6.5 , and (vii) 18.0 million Class E Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2032, which bear interest at the three-month SOFR plus 8.5 , under a credit agreement by and among the Securitization Issuers, as borrowers, various financial institutions, as lenders, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent and as loan agent. As of September 30, 2023 there was 246.0 million of 2032 Asset-Backed Debt and there was 2.0 million of un-amortized financing costs. As of September 30, 2023 the weighted average interest rate was 8.0 . 
 
 On the closing date of the Debt Securitization, in consideration of our transfer to CLO II of the initial closing date loan portfolio, PSSL received 100 of the Preferred Shares of CLO II, 100 of the Class E Notes issued by CLO II, and a portion of the net cash proceeds received from the sale of the 2032 Asset-Backed Debt. The Preferred Shares do not bear interest and had a stated value of approximately 36.7 million at the closing of the Debt Securitization. 
 
 The 2032 Asset-Backed Debt is included in the Consolidated Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Members' Equity as debt of the Company and the Class E Notes and the Preferred Shares have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 In April 2023, CLO VI completed a 297.8 million debt securitization in the form of a collateralized loan obligation (the Debt Securitization or the 2035 Asset-Backed Debt ). The 2035 Asset-Backed Debt is secured by a diversified portfolio consisting primarily of middle market loans. The Debt Securitization was executed through a private placement of: (i) 171.0 million Class A-1 Senior Secured Floating Rate Loans maturing 2035, which bear interest at the three-month SOFR plus 2.68 , (ii) 28.0 million 
 
 19 
 
 PENNANTPARK SENIOR SECURED LOAN FUND I LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 
 Class B-1 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2035, which bear interest at the three-month SOFR plus 3.75 , (iii) 5.0 million Class B-2 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes due 2035, which bear interest of 7.634 , (v) 24.0 million Class C Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2035, which bear interest at the three-month SOFR plus 5.25 , and (vi) 18.0 million Class D Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2035, which bear interest at the three-month SOFR plus 7.0 , under a credit agreement by and among the Securitization Issuers, as borrowers, various financial institutions, as lenders, and Wilmington Trust, as collateral agent and as loan agent. As of September 30, 2023 there was 246.0 million of 2035 Asset-Backed Debt and there was 2.5 million of un-amortized financing costs. As of September 30, 2023 the weighted average interest rate was 8.5 . 
 
 On the closing date of the Debt Securitization, in consideration of our transfer to CLO VI of the initial closing date loan portfolio, PSSL received 100 of the Preferred Shares of CLO VI from the sale of the 2035 Asset-Backed Debt. The Preferred Shares do not bear interest and had a stated value of approximately 51.8 million at the closing of the Debt Securitization. 
 
 The 2035 Asset-Backed Debt is included in the Consolidated Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Members' Equity as debt of the Company and the Preferred Shares have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 PennantPark Investment Adviser, LLC serves as collateral manager to the Securitization Issuers pursuant to a Collateral Management Agreement. For so long as PennantPark Investment Advisor, LLC serves as collateral manager, it will elect to irrevocably waive any collateral management fee to which it may be entitled under the Collateral Management Agreements. 

11. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCY 
 
 As of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, the Company had 1.1 million and 2.5 million, respectively, of unfunded commitments to fund existing investments. 
 
 The Company has provided general indemnifications to the Members, affiliates of the Members, and any person acting on behalf of the Members or that affiliate when they act, in good faith, in the best interest of the Company. The Company is unable to develop an estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments that could potentially result from any hypothetical future claim but expects the risk of having to make any payments under these general business indemnifications to be remote. 
 
 12. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
 
 Subsequent events are evaluated and disclosed as appropriate for events occurring through the date the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued, December 7, 2023. There were no events that required disclosure. 
 
 20 

</EX-99.3>

<EX-99.4>
 13
 pflt-ex99_4.htm
 EX-99.4

EX-99.4 

Exhibit 99.3 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 

Consolidated Financial Statements and 
 Independent Auditor s Report 

September 30, 2022 and 2021 

Contents 

Independent Auditor s Report 
 1 

Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Statements of Assets, Liabilities and Members Equity as of September 30, 2022 and 2021 
 3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 
 4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members Equity for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 
 5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021 
 6 

Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of September 30, 2022 and 2021 
 7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 

Independent Auditor s Report 
 
 To the Board of Directors 
 PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 
 
 Opinion 
 We have audited the consolidated financial statements of PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC and its subsidiaries (the Fund), which comprise the consolidated statements of assets, liabilities, and members equity, including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in members equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). 
 
 In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Fund as of September 30, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in members equity and its cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAS). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to be independent of the Fund and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating to our audit. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 
 
 Responsibilities of Management for the Financial Statements 
 Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and for the design, implementation and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 
 
 In preparing the financial statements, management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Fund s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued or available to be issued. 
 
 Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
 Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user based on the financial statements. 

In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we: 
 Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. 

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Fund s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. 

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the financial statements. 

Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Fund s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 

1 

We are required to communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit, significant audit findings, and certain internal control related matters that we identified during the audit. 
 
 /s/ RSM US LLP 
 New York, New York 
 November 17, 2022 
 2 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 

Consolidated Statements of Assets, Liabilities and Members' Equity 

In thousands) 

September 30, 2022 

September 30, 2021 

Assets 

Investments at fair value (cost 770,280 and 576,263, respectively) 

754,722 

564,783 

Cash and cash equivalents (cost 33,725 and 28,387, respectively) 

33,705 

28,374 

Interest receivable 

3,025 

1,414 

Receivable for investment sold 

3,637 

7,323 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

1,722 

1,665 

Total assets 

796,811 

603,559 

Liabilities 

Credit facility payable 

259,500 

112,000 

2032 Asset-backed debt, net (par 246,000) 

243,365 

242,757 

Notes payable to members 

217,350 

161,000 

Payable for investments purchased 

10,414 

31,963 

Interest payable on notes to members 

4,719 

2,656 

Interest payable on Credit Facility and asset backed debt 

3,817 

1,741 

Accrued expenses 

1,150 

178 

Total liabilities 

740,315 

552,295 

Commitments and contingencies (See Note 11) 

Members' equity 

56,496 

51,264 

Total liabilities and members' equity 

796,811 

603,559 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 3 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 

In thousands) 

Year Ended September 30, 

2022 

2021 

Investment income: 

Interest 

53,006 

33,364 

Other income 

1,188 

982 

Total investment income 

54,194 

34,346 

Expenses: 

Interest and expense on credit facility and asset-backed debt 

18,410 

9,649 

Interest expense on notes to members 

17,468 

12,635 

Administrative services expenses 

1,835 

1,200 

General and administrative expenses 

1,156 

906 

Total expenses 

38,869 

24,390 

Net investment income 

15,325 

9,956 

Realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments and credit facility foreign currency translation: 

Net realized loss on investments 

(14,948) 

(4,732) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on: 

Investments 

(3,695) 

3,377 

Credit facility foreign currency translation 

(489) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments and credit facility foreign currency translations 

(3,695) 

2,888 

Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) from investments and credit facility foreign currency translations 

(18,643) 

(1,844) 

Net increase (decrease) in members' equity resulting from operations 

(3,318) 

8,112 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 4 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Members Equity 

In thousands) 

Year Ended September 30, 

2022 

2021 

Net change in members equity resulting from operations: 

Net investment income 

15,325 

9,956 

Net realized loss on investments 

(14,948) 

(4,732) 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments 

(3,695) 

3,377 

Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on credit facility foreign currency translation 

(489) 

Net increase (decrease) in members equity resulting from operations 

(3,318) 

8,112 

Capital contributions 

24,150 

7,590 

Distributions 

(15,600) 

(10,050) 

Net increase (decrease) in members equity 

5,232 

5,652 

Members equity 

Beginning of year 

51,264 

45,612 

End of year 

56,496 

51,264 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 5 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

In thousands) 

Year Ended September 30, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net increase (decrease) in members equity resulting from operations 

(3,318) 

8,112 

Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in members equity resulting from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 

3,695 

(3,377) 

Net change in unrealized depreciation on credit facility foreign currency translations 

489 

Net realized (gain) loss on investments 

14,948 

4,732 

Net accretion of discount and amortization of premium 

(3,186) 

(1,934) 

Purchases of investments 

(278,807) 

(354,412) 

Payment-in-kind interest 

(1,069) 

(1,914) 

Proceeds from disposition of investments 

102,436 

185,725 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

608 

(3,243) 

(Increase) Decrease in: 

Receivable for investments sold 

3,686 

(7,323) 

Interest receivable 

(1,612) 

822 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

(57) 

(1,603) 

Increase (Decrease) in: 

Payables for investments purchased 

(21,550) 

31,963 

Interest payable on Credit Facility 

2,077 

1,250 

Interest payable on notes to members 

2,065 

2,623 

Accrued expenses 

972 

168 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

(179,112) 

(137,923) 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Members capital contributions 

15,763 

7,590 

Proceeds from notes issued to Members 

36,780 

17,710 

Distributions paid to members 

(15,600) 

(10,050) 

Proceeds from Asset Backed Debt issued 

246,000 

Borrowings under credit facility 

220,500 

220,000 

Repayments under credit facility 

(73,000) 

(325,553) 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

184,443 

155,697 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

5,331 

17,774 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

(522) 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 

28,374 

11,121 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

33,705 

28,374 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Interest paid on credit facility and asset-backed debt 

16,334 

7,616 

Interest paid on notes to members 

15,403 

10,013 

Non Cash Operating and Financing activity: 

Purchase of investments from non-cash equity contribution 

(27,957) 

Non Cash equity contribution 

8,387 

Non Cash proceeds from notes issued to Members 

19,570 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 6 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

September 30, 2022 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 

Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 
 
 Par 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

First Lien Secured Debt - 1,330.4 

Ad.net Acquisition, LLC 
 
 5/6/2026 
 
 Media 

9.67 

3M L+600 

8,888 

8,788 

8,821 

Alpine Acquisition Corp II 
 
 11/30/2026 
 
 Containers and Packaging 

8.22 

SOFR+600 

9,975 

9,790 

9,576 

Altamira Technologies, LLC 
 
 7/24/2025 
 
 Business Services 

10.81 

3M L+800 

5,225 

5,113 

5,042 

American Insulated Glass, LLC 
 
 12/21/2023 
 
 Building Products 

7.79 

3M L+550 

4,883 

4,851 

4,883 

Anteriad, LLC (f/k/a MeritDirect, LLC) 
 
 5/23/2024 
 
 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 

9.67 

3M L+550 

5,284 

5,208 

5,284 

Any Hour Services 
 
 7/21/2027 
 
 Professional Services 

8.33 

3M L+525 

3,510 

3,441 

3,440 

Apex Service Partners, LLC 
 
 7/31/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

6.72 

1M L+525 

1,010 

1,010 

1,005 

Apex Service Partners, LLC Term Loan B 
 
 7/31/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

9.67 

3M L+625 

2,202 

2,202 

2,191 

Apex Service Partners, LLC Term Loan C 
 
 7/31/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

7.86 

3M L+525 

11,115 

11,050 

11,059 

Applied Technical Services, LLC 
 
 12/29/2026 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 

8.76 

3M L+575 

8,421 

8,317 

8,211 

Arcfield Acquisition Corp. 
 
 3/7/2028 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

8.99 

SOFR + 575 

4,677 

4,588 

4,583 

Beta Plus Technologies, Inc. 
 
 7/1/2029 
 
 Business Services 

7.76 

SOFR + 525 

5,000 

4,903 

4,900 

Blackhawk Industrial Distribution, Inc. 
 
 9/17/2024 
 
 Distributors 

8.62 

SOFR + 500 

15,293 

15,102 

14,956 

Broder Bros., Co. 
 
 12/2/2022 
 
 Consumer Products 

7.39 

3M L+600 

2,417 

2,417 

2,417 

By Light Professional IT Services, LLC 
 
 5/16/2024 
 
 High Tech Industries 

9.20 

1M L+662 

14,822 

14,771 

14,674 

Cadence Aerospace, LLC 
 
 11/14/2023 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

11.31 

3M L+325 

12,412 

12,385 

12,288 

(PIK 11.31 

Cartessa Aesthetics, LLC 
 
 5/13/2028 
 
 Distributors 

9.55 

SOFR + 600 

6,484 

6,359 

6,386 

CF512, Inc. 
 
 8/20/2026 
 
 Media 

9.08 

3M L+600 

4,950 

4,866 

4,876 

CHA Holdings, Inc. 
 
 4/10/2025 
 
 Construction and Engineering 

8.17 

3M L+450 

5,557 

5,487 

5,557 

Challenger Performance Optimization, Inc. 
 
 8/31/2023 
 
 Business Services 

9.27 

1M L+575 

9,271 

9,247 

8,993 

(PIK 1.00 

Connatix Buyer, Inc. 
 
 7/13/2027 
 
 Media 

8.42 

3M L+550 

3,907 

3,842 

3,810 

Crane 1 Services, Inc. 
 
 8/16/2027 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 

9.39 

3M L+575 

2,110 

2,084 

2,089 

Douglas Products and Packaging Company LLC 
 
 10/19/2022 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 

8.87 

3M L+575 

8,655 

8,653 

8,655 

Douglas Sewer Intermediate, LLC 
 
 10/19/2022 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 

8.87 

3M L+575 

7,248 

7,246 

7,248 

Dr. Squatch, LLC 
 
 8/31/2027 
 
 Personal Products 

9.42 

3M L+575 

14,862 

14,610 

14,639 

DRI Holding Inc. 
 
 12/21/2028 
 
 Media 

8.37 

1M L+525 

1,832 

1,680 

1,643 

DRS Holdings III, Inc. 
 
 11/3/2025 
 
 Consumer Goods: Durable 

8.87 

1M L+575 

15,179 

15,103 

14,693 

Duraco Specialty Tapes LLC 
 
 6/30/2024 
 
 Containers and Packaging 

8.62 

1M L+550 

10,278 

10,151 

10,031 

ECL Entertainment, LLC 
 
 5/1/2028 
 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 

10.62 

3M L+750 

2,621 

2,598 

2,581 

ECM Industries, LLC 
 
 12/23/2025 
 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments, and Components 

7.82 

3M L+475 

4,974 

4,974 

4,738 

Exigo Intermediate II, LLC 
 
 3/15/2027 
 
 Software 

8.87 

1M L+575 

12,935 

12,759 

12,644 

Fairbanks Morse Defense 
 
 6/17/2028 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

8.39 

3M L+475 

10,300 

10,238 

9,528 

Gantech Acquisition Corp. 
 
 5/14/2026 
 
 IT Services 

9.37 

1M L+625 

14,638 

14,427 

14,199 

Global Holdings InterCo LLC 
 
 3/16/2026 
 
 Diversified Financial Services 

8.74 

3M L+600 

3,904 

3,888 

3,728 

Graffiti Buyer, Inc. 
 
 8/10/2027 
 
 Trading Companies Distributors 

9.17 

3M L+550 

2,369 

2,320 

2,274 

Hancock Roofing and Construction L.L.C. 
 
 12/31/2026 
 
 Insurance 

8.67 

1M L+500 

2,392 

2,347 

2,356 

Holdco Sands Intermediate, LLC 
 
 11/23/2028 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

10.17 

3M L+600 

4,963 

4,874 

4,863 

HW Holdco, LLC 
 
 12/10/2024 
 
 Media 

6.00 

6M L+575 

3,052 

3,006 

3,014 

Icon Partners III, LP 
 
 5/11/2028 
 
 Automobiles 

7.55 

3M L+450 

2,327 

1,997 

1,701 

IDC Infusion Services, Inc. 
 
 12/30/2026 
 
 Healthcare Equipment and Supplies 

10.20 

SOFR+700 

9,950 

9,833 

9,502 

Imagine Acquisitionco, LLC 
 
 11/15/2027 
 
 Software 

8.42 

1M L+550 

5,364 

5,261 

5,230 

Inception Fertility Ventures, LLC 
 
 12/7/2023 
 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 

8.55 

SOFR+700 

16,620 

16,309 

16,454 

Integrative Nutrition, LLC 
 
 9/29/2023 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

8.42 

3M L+475 

11,187 

11,168 

10,963 

Integrity Marketing Acquisition, LLC 
 
 8/27/2025 
 
 Insurance 

7.58 

1M L+550 

5,966 

5,885 

5,906 

ITI Holdings, Inc. 
 
 3/3/2028 
 
 IT Services 

8.67 

SOFR + 550 

3,980 

3,917 

3,900 

K2 Pure Solutions NoCal, L.P. 
 
 12/20/2023 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 

11.12 

1M L+800 

19,250 

19,103 

19,250 

Kinetic Purchaser, LLC 
 
 11/10/2027 
 
 Personal Products 

9.67 

3M L+600 

16,830 

16,451 

16,494 

Lash OpCo, LLC 
 
 2/18/2027 
 
 Personal Products 

11.17 

3M L+700 

14,355 

14,074 

14,068 

LAV Gear Holdings, Inc. 
 
 10/31/2024 
 
 Capital Equipment 

9.70 

3M L+550 

10,578 

10,539 

10,335 

(PIK 2.00 

Lightspeed Buyer Inc. 
 
 2/3/2026 
 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 

9.04 

3M L+575 

10,598 

10,428 

10,254 

Lucky Bucks, LLC 
 
 7/20/2027 
 
 Hotel, Gaming and Leisure 

8.31 

3M L+550 

4,331 

4,258 

3,183 

Magenta Buyer, LLC 
 
 7/31/2028 
 
 Software 

7.87 

1M L+475 

2,695 

2,539 

2,425 

Marketplace Events, LLC - Super Priority First Lien Term Loan 
 
 9/30/2025 
 
 Media: Diversified and Production 

8.19 

1M L+525 

647 

647 

647 

Marketplace Events, LLC - Super Priority First Lien Unfunded Term Loan 
 
 9/30/2025 
 
 Media: Diversified and Production 

589 

- 

- 

Marketplace Events, LLC 
 
 9/30/2026 
 
 Media: Diversified and Production 

8.19 

1M L+525 

4,837 

3,527 

4,837 

Mars Acquisition Holdings Corp. 
 
 5/14/2026 
 
 Media 

8.62 

1M L+550 

9,900 

9,782 

9,851 

MBS Holdings, Inc. 
 
 4/16/2027 
 
 Internet Software and Services 

8.56 

3M L+575 

7,406 

7,296 

7,332 

MDI Buyer, Inc. 
 
 7/25/2028 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 

8.98 

3M L+500 

5,000 

4,902 

4,900 

Meadowlark Acquirer, LLC 
 
 12/10/2027 
 
 Professional Services 

9.17 

3M L+650 

2,396 

2,353 

2,372 

Mission Critical Electronics, Inc. 
 
 3/28/2024 
 
 Capital Equipment 

8.70 

SOFR+500 

5,829 

5,817 

5,759 

Municipal Emergency Services, Inc. 
 
 9/28/2027 
 
 Distributors 

8.67 

3M L+500 

3,465 

3,405 

3,264 

NBH Group LLC 
 
 8/19/2026 
 
 Healthcare, Education Childcare 

7.80 

1M L+550 

10,820 

10,641 

10,820 

New Milani Group LLC 
 
 6/6/2024 
 
 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 

7.75 

3M L+500 

14,363 

14,319 

14,111 

OIS Management Services, LLC 
 
 7/9/2026 
 
 Healthcare Equipment and Supplies 

8.40 

SOFR+475 

5,060 

4,991 

5,060 

One Stop Mailing, LLC 
 
 5/7/2027 
 
 Air Freight and Logistics 

9.37 

1M L+625 

14,598 

14,353 

14,160 

Output Services Group, Inc. 
 
 3/27/2024 
 
 Business Services 

9.80 

3M L+425 

7,682 

7,676 

5,838 

Owl Acquisition, LLC 
 
 2/4/2028 
 
 Professional Services 

8.41 

3M L+575 

3,990 

3,918 

3,890 

Ox Two, LLC 
 
 5/18/2026 
 
 Construction and Building 

9.81 

3M L+600 

4,925 

4,866 

4,827 

PH Beauty Holdings III, Inc. 
 
 9/29/2025 
 
 Wholesale 

8.07 

1M L+500 

9,593 

9,234 

7,674 

PL Acquisitionco, LLC 
 
 11/9/2027 
 
 Textiles, Apparel and Luxury Goods 

9.62 

1M L+650 

8,238 

8,111 

8,032 

Plant Health Intermediate, Inc. 
 
 10/19/2022 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 

8.87 

3M L+575 

1,562 

1,561 

1,562 

PlayPower, Inc. 
 
 5/8/2026 
 
 Consumer Goods: Durable 

9.17 

3M L+550 

2,580 

2,500 

2,309 

Pragmatic Institute, LLC 
 
 7/6/2028 
 
 Education 

9.30 

SOFR+575 

11,250 

11,056 

11,138 

Quantic Electronics, LLC 
 
 11/19/2026 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

8.41 

1M L+625 

4,845 

4,755 

4,729 

Quantic Electronics, LLC - Unfunded Term Loan 
 
 11/19/2026 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

1M L+625 

1,888 

- 

- 

Reception Purchaser, LLC 
 
 2/28/2028 
 
 Air Freight and Logistics 

9.13 

SOFR+600 

4,975 

4,904 

4,751 

Recteq, LLC 
 
 1/29/2026 
 
 Leisure Products 

9.92 

3M L+600 

4,925 

4,856 

4,753 

Research Now Group, LLC and Dynata, LLC 
 
 12/20/2024 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

8.84 

3M L+550 

12,564 

12,354 

11,291 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 7 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

September 30, 2022 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 

Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 

Par / Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

Sales Benchmark Index LLC 
 
 1/3/2025 

Professional Services 

9.67 

3M L+600 

5,013 

4,960 

4,963 

Sargent Greenleaf Inc. 
 
 12/20/2024 

Wholesale 

8.62 

3M L+550 

5,240 

5,202 

5,187 

Schlesinger Global, Inc. 
 
 7/14/2025 

Business Services 

10.27 

SOFR+500 

11,847 

11,829 

11,551 

(PIK 0.50 

Sigma Defense Systems, LLC 
 
 12/18/2025 

Aerospace and Defense 

12.17 

1M L+850 

14,716 

14,411 

14,421 

Smile Brands Inc. 
 
 10/14/2025 

Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 

7.05 

3M L+450 

11,917 

11,807 

11,470 

Solutionreach, Inc. 
 
 1/17/2024 

Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 

8.87 

1M L+575 

5,647 

5,625 

5,511 

Spendmend Holdings LLC 
 
 3/1/2028 

Healthcare Technology 

8.63 

SOFR+575 

2,956 

2,916 

2,873 

STV Group Incorporated 
 
 12/11/2026 

Construction and Building 

8.37 

3M L+525 

9,075 

9,011 

8,985 

System Planning and Analysis, Inc. (f/k/a Management Consulting Research, LLC) 
 
 8/16/2027 

Aerospace and Defense 

8.73 

SOFR+600 

14,888 

14,623 

14,649 

Teneo Holdings LLC 
 
 7/18/2025 

Business Services 

8.38 

3M L+625 

2,786 

2,757 

2,623 

The Aegis Technologies Group, LLC 
 
 10/31/2025 

Aerospace and Defense 

9.55 

3M L+500 

5,659 

5,600 

5,603 

The Bluebird Group LLC 
 
 7/27/2026 

Professional Services 

10.67 

1M L+700 

1,707 

1,679 

1,724 

The Infosoft Group, LLC 
 
 9/16/2024 

Media: Broadcasting and Subscription 

8.47 

3M L+525 

12,957 

12,952 

12,859 

The Vertex Companies, LLC 
 
 8/30/2027 

Construction and Engineering 

8.62 

1M L+550 

5,578 

5,479 

5,550 

TPC Canada Parent, Inc. and TPC US Parent, LLC 
 
 11/24/2025 

Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 

8.30 

3M L+475 

8,744 

8,604 

8,482 

TVC Enterprises, LLC 
 
 3/26/2026 

Diversified Consumer Services 

8.87 

3M L+550 

14,952 

14,871 

14,578 

TWS Acquisition Corporation 
 
 6/16/2025 

Diversified Consumer Services 

8.76 

3M L+625 

5,468 

5,450 

5,441 

Tyto Athene, LLC (New Issue) 
 
 4/1/2028 

IT Services 

7.76 

3M L+550 

15,550 

15,421 

14,446 

UBEO, LLC 
 
 4/3/2024 

Capital Equipment 

8.17 

3M L+450 

17,390 

17,305 

17,129 

Unique Indoor Comfort, LLC 
 
 5/24/2027 

Home and Office Furnishings, Housewares 

8.95 

SOFR+525 

4,975 

4,880 

4,866 

Walker Edison Furniture Company LLC 
 
 3/31/2027 

Wholesale 

12.42 

3M L+575 

12,684 

12,438 

8,473 

(PIK 3.0 

Wildcat Buyerco, Inc. 
 
 2/27/2026 

Electronic Equipment, Instruments, and Components 

9.45 

SOFR+550 

8,546 

8,506 

8,261 

Zips Car Wash, LLC 
 
 3/1/2024 

Automobiles 

10.35 

3M L+725 

16,957 

16,711 

16,533 

Total First Lien Secured Debt 

767,316 

751,627 

Second Lien Secured Debt - 5.0 

Inventus Power, Inc. 
 
 9/29/2024 

Consumer Goods: Durable 

12.17 

3M L+850 

3,000 

2,963 

2,955 

Total Second Lien Secured Debt 

2,963 

2,955 

Equity Securities - 0.4 

New MPE Holdings, LLC 

Media: Diversified and Production 

139 

Total Equity Securities 

139 

Total Investments - 1,335.9 

770,280 

754,722 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - 59.7 

BlackRock Federal FD Institutional 30 

33,725 

33,705 

Total Cash and Cash Equivalents 

33,725 

33,705 

Total Investments and Cash Equivalents 1,329.0 

804,005 

788,427 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets (1,229.0) 

(731,931) 

Members' Equity 100.0 

56,496 

(1) Represents floating rate instruments that accrue interest at a predetermined spread relative to an index, typically the applicable LIBOR or L , Secured Overnight Financing Rate or SOFR , or Prime rate or P . The spread may change based on the type of rate used. The terms in the Consolidated Schedule of Investments disclose the actual interest rate in effect as of the reporting period. LIBOR loans are typically indexed to a 30-day, 60-day, 90-day or 180-day LIBOR rate (1M L, 2M L, 3M L, or 6M L, respectively), at the borrower s option. All securities are subject to a LIBOR or Prime rate floor where a spread is provided, unless noted. The spread provided includes PIK interest and other fee rates, if any. 

(2) Valued based on PSSL s accounting policy. 

(3) Represents the purchase of a security with a delayed settlement or a revolving line of credit that is currently an unfunded investment. This security does not earn a basis point spread above an index while it is unfunded. 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 8 

` 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 

Consolidated Schedule of Investments 

September 30, 2021 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 
 
 Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 
 
 Par 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

First Lien Secured Debt - 1,088. 

Ad.net Acquisition, LLC 
 
 05/06/2026 
 
 Media 

7.00 

3M L+600 

8,978 

8,852 

8,843 

Altamira Technologies, LLC 
 
 07/24/2025 
 
 Business Services 

8.00 

3M L+700 

5,525 

5,376 

5,180 

American Insulated Glass, LLC 
 
 12/21/2023 
 
 Building Products 

6.50 

3M L+550 

5,721 

5,653 

5,663 

Apex Service Partners, LLC 
 
 07/31/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

6.25 

3M L+525 

1,021 

1,021 

1,010 

Apex Service Partners, LLC Term Loan B 
 
 07/31/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

6.50 

1M L+550 

2,222 

2,222 

2,200 

Apex Service Partners, LLC Term Loan C 
 
 07/31/2025 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

6.25 

3M L+525 

4,174 

4,103 

4,132 

Applied Technical Services, LLC 
 
 12/29/2026 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 

6.75 

3M L+575 

4,511 

4,419 

4,421 

By Light Professional IT Services, LLC 
 
 05/16/2022 
 
 High Tech Industries 

7.25 

1M L+625 

12,880 

12,869 

12,880 

Cadence Aerospace, LLC 
 
 11/14/2023 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

9.50 

3M L+850 

12,282 

12,231 

11,981 

P(IK 9.50 

Cano Health 
 
 11/23/2027 
 
 Healthcare, Education Childcare 

5.25 

3M L+450 

2,653 

2,647 

2,654 

CHA Holdings, Inc. 
 
 04/10/2025 
 
 Construction and Engineering 

5.50 

3M L+450 

5,615 

5,519 

5,530 

Challenger Performance Optimization, Inc. 
 
 08/31/2023 
 
 Business Services 

8.00 

1M L+675 

9,501 

9,454 

9,216 

P(IK 1.00 

Connatix Buyer, Inc 
 
 07/13/2027 
 
 Media 

6.25 

1M L+550 

4,000 

3,922 

3,920 

CoolSys, Inc 
 
 08/04/2028 
 
 Business Services 

5.50 

1M L+475 

1,909 

1,890 

1,914 

Crane 1 Services Inc 
 
 08/16/2027 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 

6.75 

1M L+575 

2,132 

2,100 

2,110 

Crash Champions, LLC 
 
 08/05/2025 
 
 Automobiles 

6.00 

3M L+500 

8,978 

8,802 

8,798 

Digital Room Holdings, Inc. 
 
 05/22/2026 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 

5.08 

1M L+500 

3,228 

3,111 

3,186 

Douglas Products and Packaging Company LLC 
 
 10/19/2022 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 

6.75 

3M L+575 

8,746 

8,695 

8,746 

Douglas Sewer Intermediate, LLC 
 
 10/19/2022 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 

6.75 

3M L+575 

7,323 

7,278 

7,323 

Dr. Squatch, LLC 
 
 8/27/2026 
 
 Personal Products 

7.00 

3M L+600 

10,000 

9,803 

9,800 

DRS Holdings III, Inc. 
 
 11/03/2025 
 
 Consumer Goods: Durable 

7.25 

1M L+625 

15,676 

15,584 

15,566 

East Valley Tourist Development Authority 
 
 03/07/2022 
 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 

9.00 

3M L+800 

5,719 

5,624 

5,633 

P(IK 3.50 

ECL Entertainment, LLC 
 
 03/312028 
 
 Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 

8.25 

1M L+750 

2,647 

2,621 

2,707 

ECM Industries, LLC 
 
 12/23/2025 
 
 Electronic Equipment, Instruments, and Components 

5.50 

1M L+450 

4,994 

4,994 

4,894 

Fairbanks More Defense 
 
 06/17/2028 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

5.50 

3M L+475 

10,000 

9,955 

10,000 

FlexPrint, LLC 
 
 01/02/2024 
 
 Commercial Services Supplies 

6.02 

1M L+590 

4,770 

4,732 

4,746 

Gantech Acquisition Corp. 
 
 05/14/2026 
 
 IT Services 

7.25 

3M L+625 

14,925 

14,648 

14,627 

Global Holdings InterCo LLC 
 
 03/16/2026 
 
 Diversified Financial Services 

7.00 

3M L+600 

3,968 

3,948 

3,948 

Graffiti Buyer, Inc 
 
 08/10/2027 
 
 Trding Companies Distributors 

6.75 

3M L+575 

2,393 

2,346 

2,357 

Hancock Roofing and Construction L.L.C. 
 
 12/31/2026 
 
 Insurance 

6.00 

3M L+500 

2,481 

2,425 

2,456 

Holdco Sands Intermediate, LLC 
 
 12/19/2025 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

7.50 

3M L+600 

6,474 

6,407 

6,441 

IMIA Holdings, Inc. 
 
 04/09/2027 
 
 Aerospace and Defense 

6.75 

3M L+575 

13,589 

13,338 

13,317 

Integrative Nutrition, LLC 
 
 09/29/2023 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

5.50 

3M L+450 

11,567 

11,528 

11,567 

K2 Pure Solutions NoCal, L.P. 
 
 12/20/2023 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 

8.00 

1M L+700 

19,450 

19,193 

18,933 

LAV Gear Holdings, Inc. 
 
 10/31/2024 
 
 Capital Equipment 

8.50 

3M L+750 

10,491 

10,435 

9,833 

P(IK 1.00 

Lightspeed Buyer Inc. 
 
 02/3/2026 
 
 Healthcare Providers and Services 

6.75 

1M L+575 

5,707 

5,606 

5,707 

Lucky Bucks, LLC 
 
 07/20/2027 
 
 Hotel, Gaming and Leisure 

6.25 

1M L+550 

4,500 

4,411 

4,424 

Marketplace Events, LLC (3)(4) 
 
 09/30/2025 
 
 Media: Diversified and Production 

6.25 

3M L+525 

617 

617 

617 

Super Priority First Lien Term Loan 

P(IK 6.25 

Marketplace Events, LLC - Super Priority First Lien Unfunded Term Loan (3)(4) 
 
 09/30/2025 
 
 Media: Diversified and Production 

589 

Marketplace Events LLC (4) 
 
 09/30/2026 
 
 Media: Diversified and Production 

0.00 

4,615 

3,441 

4,615 

Mars Acquisition Holdings Corp. 
 
 05/14/2026 
 
 Media 

6.50 

1M L+550 

10,000 

9,813 

9,900 

MBS Holdings, Inc. 
 
 04/16/2027 
 
 Internet Software and Services 

6.75 

3M L+575 

7,481 

7,338 

7,332 

MeritDirect, LLC 
 
 05/23/2024 
 
 Media: Advertising, Printing Publishing 

6.50 

3M L+550 

5,532 

5,412 

5,477 

Mission Critical Electronics, Inc. 
 
 09/28/2022 
 
 Capital Equipment 

6.00 

3M L+500 

5,890 

5,877 

5,890 

NBH Group LLC 
 
 08/19/2026 
 
 Healthcare, Education Culture 

6.50 

3M L+550 

10,902 

10,687 

10,684 

New Milani Group LLC 
 
 06/06/2024 
 
 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 

6.50 

1M L+550 

14,550 

14,481 

13,895 

OIS Management Services LLC 
 
 07/09/2026 
 
 Healthcare Equipment and Supplies 

5.75 

1M L+475 

1,995 

1,966 

1,965 

One Stop Mailing, LLC 
 
 05/07/2027 
 
 Air Freight and Logistics 

7.25 

1M L+625 

14,920 

14,631 

14,659 

Output Services Group, Inc. 
 
 03/27/2024 
 
 Business Services 

5.50 

1M L+450 

7,743 

7,733 

7,047 

Ox Two, LLC 
 
 05/18/2026 
 
 Construction and Building 

7.00 

3M L+600 

4,975 

4,901 

4,876 

PH Beauty Holdings III, Inc. 
 
 09/29/2025 
 
 Wholesale 

5.12 

1M L+500 

9,693 

9,514 

9,467 

Plant Health Intermediate, Inc. 
 
 10/19/2022 
 
 Chemicals, Plastics and Rubber 

6.75 

3M L+575 

1,578 

1,568 

1,578 

PlayPower, Inc. 
 
 05/8/2026 
 
 Consumer Goods: Durable 

5.63 

3M L+550 

3,805 

3,720 

3,736 

Recteq, LLC 
 
 01/29/2026 
 
 Leisure Products 

7.00 

3M L+600 

4,975 

4,888 

4,925 

Research Now Group, Inc. and Survey Sampling International LLC 
 
 12/20/2024 
 
 Diversified Consumer Services 

6.50 

3M L+550 

10,680 

10,592 

10,544 

Sales Benchmark Index LLC 
 
 01/03/2025 
 
 Professional Services 

7.75 

3M L+600 

5,578 

5,496 

5,439 

Sargent Greenleaf Inc. 
 
 12/20/2024 
 
 Wholesale 

7.00 

1M L+550 

5,550 

5,493 

5,550 

Schlesinger Global, Inc. 
 
 07/14/2025 
 
 Business Services 

8.00 

3M L+700 

11,785 

11,760 

11,254 

Smile Brands Inc. 
 
 10/14/2024 
 
 Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 

5.32 

3M L+450 

12,576 

12,459 

12,451 

Snak Club, LLC 
 
 07/19/2022 
 
 Beverage, Food and Tobacco 

7.00 

1M L+600 

4,388 

4,362 

4,388 

Solutionreach, Inc. 
 
 01/17/2024 
 
 Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 

6.75 

1M L+575 

5,892 

5,854 

5,892 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 9 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC 
 Consolidated Schedule of Investments 
 September 30, 2021 

Issuer Name 
 
 Maturity 

Industry 
 
 Current Coupon 

Basis Point Spread Above Index (1) 

Par / Shares 

Cost 

Fair Value (2) 

Spectacle Gary Holdings, LLC 
 
 12/23/2025 

Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure 

11.00 

1M L+900 

4,389 

4,506 

4,765 

STV Group Incorporated 
 
 12/11/2026 

Construction and Building 

5.33 

1M L+525 

9,075 

9,004 

9,030 

TAC LifePort Purchaser, LLC 
 
 03/01/2026 

Aerospace and Defense 

7.00 

3M L+600 

4,950 

4,860 

4,948 

TeleGuam Holdings, LLC 
 
 11/20/2025 

Telecommunications 

5.50 

1M L+450 

10,337 

10,313 

10,234 

Teneo Holdings LLC 
 
 07/18/2025 

Business Services 

6.25 

1M L+525 

2,309 

2,306 

2,297 

The Aegis Technologies Group, LLC 
 
 10/31/2025 

Aerospace and Defense 

6.77 

3M L+550 

5,713 

5,634 

5,656 

The Bluebird Group LLC 
 
 07/27/2026 

Professional Services 

8.00 

3M L+700 

1,744 

1,710 

1,733 

The Infosoft Group, LLC 
 
 09/16/2024 

Media: Broadcasting and Subscription 

6.75 

6M L+575 

13,383 

13,376 

13,383 

The Vertex Companies, LLC 
 
 08/30/2027 

Construction and Engineering 

6.50 

6M L+550 

5,634 

5,523 

5,529 

TPC Canada Parent, Inc. and TPC US Parent, LLC 
 
 11/24/2025 

Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 

6.25 

3M L+525 

8,834 

8,655 

8,569 

TVC Enterprises, LLC 
 
 03/26/2026 

Diversified Consumer Services 

6.75 

1M L+575 

8,558 

8,593 

8,558 

TWS Acquisition Corporation 
 
 06/16/2025 

Diversified Consumer Services 

7.25 

1M L+625 

6,636 

6,599 

6,636 

Tyto Athene, LLC 
 
 08/27/2024 

IT Services 

6.25 

1M L+550 

11,443 

11,334 

11,443 

UBEO, LLC 
 
 04/03/2024 

Capital Equipment 

5.50 

1M L+450 

17,571 

17,457 

17,483 

Urology Management Associates, LLC 
 
 08/30/2024 

Healthcare and Pharmaceuticals 

5.50 

1M L+450 

11,030 

10,849 

10,975 

Walker Edison Furniture Company LLC 
 
 03/31/2027 

Wholesale 

6.75 

1M L+575 

12,438 

12,142 

11,971 

Wildcat Buyerco, Inc. 
 
 02/27/2026 

Electronic Equipment, Instruments, and Components 

6.00 

3M L+500 

5,706 

5,656 

5,678 

Total First Lien Secured Debt 

558,880 

557,732 

Second Lien Secured Debt - 10.5 

DBI Intermediate Holdco, LLC, Term Loan B (4) 
 
 02/02/2026 

Business Services 

11.00 

2,434 

2,434 

2,434 

P(IK 9.00 

Inventus Power, Inc. 
 
 09/29/2024 

Consumer Goods: Durable 

9.50 

3M L+850 

3,000 

2,947 

2,940 

Total Second Lien Secured Debt 

5,381 

5,374 

Equity Securities - 3.3 

DBI Intermediate Holdco, LLC, Series A-1 (4) 

Business Services 

13.00 

7 

5,034 

DBI Intermediate Holdco, LLC, Series AA (4) 

Business Services 

7 

6,731 

1,315 

DBI Intermediate Holdco, LLC, Series B (4) 

Business Services 

1,065 

237 

New MPE Holdings, LLC 

Media: Diversified and Production 

0 

362 

Total Equity Securities 

12,002 

1,677 

Total Investments - 1,101.7 

576,263 

564,783 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - 55.3 

BlackRock Federal FD Institutional 30 

28,191 

28,191 

US Bank Cash 

196 

183 

Total Cash and Cash Equivalents 

28,387 

28,374 

Total Investments and Cash Equivalents 1,157.1 

604,650 

593,157 

Liabilities in Excess of Other Assets (1,057.1) 

(541,893) 

Members' Equity 100.0 

51,264 

(1) Represents floating rate instruments that accrue interest at a predetermined spread relative to an index, typically the applicable LIBOR, or L or Prime rate or P . The spread may change based on the type of rate used. The terms in the Consolidated Schedule of Investments disclose the actual interest rate in effect as of the reporting period. LIBOR loans are typically indexed to a 30-day, 60-day, 90-day or 180-day LIBOR rate (1M L, 2M L, 3M L, or 6M L, respectively), at the borrower s option. All securities are subject to a LIBOR or Prime rate floor where a spread is provided, unless noted. The spread provided includes PIK interest and other fee rates, if any. 

(2) Valued based on PSSL s accounting policy. 

(3) Non-U.S. company or principal place of business outside the United States. 

(4) Security currently on interest non-accrual status. 

SEE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 10 
 
 PENNANTPARK SENIOR SECURED LOAN FUND I LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 and 2021 
 
 1. ORGANIZATION 

PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Fund I LLC PSSL ), is organized as a Delaware limited liability company and commenced operations in May 2017. PSSL is a joint venture between PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. PFLT and Trinity Universal Insurance Company, a subsidiary of Kemper Corporation (NYSE: KMPR), Kemper ). In this report, except where the context suggests otherwise, the terms Company, we, our, or us refer to PSSL and its consolidated subsidiary. 
 
 The Company's investment objectives are to generate current income and capital appreciation while seeking to preserve capital. We seek to achieve our investment objective by investing primarily in loans bearing a variable-rate of interest, or floating rate loans, and other investments made to U.S. middle-market companies whose debt is rated below investment grade. Floating rate loans pay interest at variable rates, which are determined periodically, on the basis of a floating base lending rate such as London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), and Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), with or without a floor, plus a fixed spread. 
 
 PFLT and Kemper (individually a Member and collectively the Members provide capital to PSSL in the form of notes and equity interests. As of September 30, 2022 and 2021, PFLT and Kemper owned 87.5 and 12.5 , respectively, of each of the outstanding notes and equity interests. The administrative agent of the Company is PennantPark Investment Administration, LLC, (the Administrative Agent ). The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, or the Sub-Administrator, provides certain services to the Administrative Agent with respect to certain accounting matters and has the responsibility for the official books and records. 
 
 PFLT and Kemper each appointed two members to PSSL s four-person board of directors and investment committee. All material decisions with respect to PSSL, including those involving its investment portfolio, require unanimous approval of a quorum of the board of directors or investment committee. Quorum is defined as (i) the presence of two members of the board of directors or investment committee; provided that at least one individual is present that was elected, designated or appointed by each of the Members; (ii) the presence of three members of the board of directors or investment committee, provided that the individual that was elected, designated or appointed by the Member with only one individual present shall be entitled to cast two votes on each matter; and (iii) the presence of four members of the board of directors or investment committee shall constitute a quorum, provided that two individuals are present that were elected, designated or appointed by each of the Members. 
 
 In May 2017, PennantPark Senior Secured Loan Facility LLC PSSL I ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of PSSL, was formed as a financing subsidiary for purposes of entering into a multi-currency senior secured revolving credit facility, with Capital One, N.A. (see Note 10). The 325 million Credit Facility has a maturity date of May 2, 2023 and is priced at 2.25 over LIBOR. On January 27, 2021, PSSL terminated the facility with Capital One, N.A. 
 
 In January 2021, Pennant Park Senior Secured Loan Facility II, LLC PSSL II ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of PSSL, was formed as a financing subsidiary for purposes of entering into a senior secured revolving credit facility with Ally Bank (see Note 10) Credit Facility 2 has a maturity date of January 26, 2026 with an interest rate at 2.6 over LIBOR. On June 3, 2021, the facility amount was increased to 155.0 million from 125.0 million. On October 13, 2021, Credit Facility 2 was increased to 225 million from 155 million with an interest rate of 2.5 over LIBOR. On May 2, 2022, Credit Facility 2 was increased to 325 million from 225 million with and interest rate of 2.6 over daily SOFR. 
 
 PennantPark CLO II Ltd CLO II In January 2021, PSSL completed a 300.7 million debt securitization in the form of a collateralized loan obligation, or the 2032 Asset-Backed Debt . The 2032 Asset-Backed Debt is secured by a diversified portfolio of PennantPark CLO II, Ltd., a wholly-owned and consolidated subsidiary of PSSL, consisting primarily of middle market loans and participation interests in middle market loans. The 2032 Asset-Backed Debt is scheduled to mature in January 2032. 
 
 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 
 PSSL is considered an investment company under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP and follows the accounting and reporting guidance applicable to investment companies in the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 946. References to the Accounting Standards Codification, as amended ASC ), serves as a source of accounting literature. Subsequent events are evaluated and recognized or disclosed as appropriate for events occurring through the date the consolidated financial statements are available to be issued. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Members to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of our assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reported periods. In the opinion of the Members, all adjustments, which are of a normal recurring nature, considered necessary for the fair presentation of financial statements have been included. Actual results could differ from these estimates due to changes in the 
 11 
 
 PENNANTPARK SENIOR SECURED LOAN FUND I LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 and 2021 
 
 economic and regulatory environment, financial markets and any other parameters used in determining such estimates and assumptions. We have eliminated all intercompany balances and transactions. 
 
 Our significant accounting policies consistently applied are as follows: 
 
 (a) Investment Valuations 
 
 We expect that there may not be readily available market values for many of our investments, which are or will be in our portfolio, and we value such investments at fair value as determined in good faith by or under the direction of our board of directors using a documented valuation policy, described herein, and a consistently applied valuation process. With respect to investments for which there is no readily available market value, the factors that the board of directors may consider in pricing our investments at fair value include, as relevant, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings and discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to publicly traded securities and other relevant factors. When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, we consider the pricing indicated by the external event in determining our valuation. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the price used in an actual transaction may be different than our valuation and the difference may be material. See Note 4. 
 
 Our portfolio generally consists of illiquid securities, including debt investments. With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available, or for which market quotations are deemed not reflective of the fair value, our board of directors undertakes a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 
 	 
 (1) Our quarterly valuation process begins with each portfolio company or investment being initially valued by the investment professionals of PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC, the investment adviser to PFLT, responsible for the portfolio investment; 

(2) Preliminary valuation conclusions are then documented and discussed with the management of PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC; 

(3) Our board of directors also engages independent valuation firms to conduct independent appraisals of our investments for which market quotations are not readily available or are readily available but deemed not reflective of the fair value of the investment. The independent valuation firms review PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC s preliminary valuations in light of their own independent assessment and also in light of any market quotations obtained from an independent pricing service, broker, dealer or market maker; 

(4) Our board of directors reviews the preliminary valuations of PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC and those of the independent valuation firms on a quarterly basis, periodically assesses the valuation methodologies of the independent valuation firms, and responds to and supplements the valuation recommendations of the independent valuation firms to reflect any comments; and 

(5) Our board of directors assesses these valuations and determines the fair value of each investment in our portfolio in good faith, based on the input of PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC and the respective independent valuation firms. 

Our board of directors generally uses market quotations to assess the value of our investments for which market quotations are readily available. We obtain these market values from independent pricing services or at bid prices obtained from at least two brokers or dealers, if available, or otherwise from a principal market maker or a primary market dealer. PennantPark Investment Advisers, LLC assesses the source and reliability of bids from brokers or dealers. If the board of directors has a bona fide reason to believe any such market quote does not reflect the fair value of an investment, it may independently value such investments by using the valuation procedure that it uses with respect to assets for which market quotations are not readily available. 
 
 (b) Security Transactions, Revenue Recognition, and Realized/Unrealized Gains or Losses 
 
 Security transactions are recorded on a trade -date basis. We record interest income on an accrual basis to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts. For loans and debt investments with contractual payment-in-kind, or PIK, interest, which represents interest accrued and added to the loan balance that generally becomes due at maturity, we will generally not accrue PIK interest when the portfolio company valuation indicates that such PIK interest is not collectable. We do not accrue as a receivable, interest on loans and debt investments if we have reason to doubt our ability to collect such interest. Loan origination fees, original issue 
 12 
 
 PENNANTPARK SENIOR SECURED LOAN FUND I LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 and 2021 
 
 discount OID ), market discount or premium and deferred financing costs on liabilities, which we do not fair value, are capitalized and then accreted or amortized using the effective interest method as interest income or, in the case of deferred financing costs, as interest expense. Dividend income, if any, is recognized on an accrual basis on the ex-dividend date to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts. From time to time, the Company receives certain fees from portfolio companies, which are non-recurring in nature. Such fees include loan prepayment penalties, structuring fees and amendment fees, and are recorded as other investment income when earned. 
 
 Loans are placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are past due 30 days or more and/or if there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected. Accrued interest receivable is generally reversed when a loan is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on non-accrual loans may be recognized as income or applied to principal depending upon the Members judgment. Non-accrual loans are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest is paid and, in the Members judgment, are likely to remain current. As of September 30, 2022, none of our portfolio companies were on non-accrual. As of September 30, 2021, we had one portfolio company on non-accrual, representing 0.7 and 0.9 of our overall portfolio on a cost and fair value basis and zero investments on non-accrual, respectively. 
 
 We measure realized gains or losses by the difference between the net proceeds from the repayment or sale and the amortized cost basis of the investment, using the specific identification method, without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized, but considering prepayment penalties. Net change in unrealized appreciation or depreciation reflects the change in the fair values of our portfolio investments during the reporting period, including any reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation, when gains or losses are realized. 

(c) Income Taxes 
 
 PSSL is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and is not subject to U.S. federal income tax. Accordingly, no provisions for U.S. income taxes have been made. The Members are responsible for reporting their share of the PSSL s income or loss on their U.S. income tax returns. 
 
 In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740, the board of directors is required to determine whether a tax position of PSSL is more likely than not, based on the technical merits of the position, to be sustained upon examination including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. The tax benefit to be recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. De-recognition of a tax benefit previously recognized could result in PSSL recording a tax liability that would reduce members capital. 
 
 As of and for the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, there were no material uncertain income tax positions. 
 
 (d) Foreign Currency Translation 
 
 Our books and records are maintained in U.S. dollars. Any foreign currency amounts are translated into U.S. dollars on the following basis: 
 
 1. Fair value of investment securities, other assets and liabilities at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the applicable period; and 

2. Purchases and sales of investment securities, income and expenses at the exchange rates prevailing on the respective dates of such transactions. 

Although Members capital and fair values are presented based on the applicable foreign exchange rates described above, we do not isolate that portion of the results of operations due to changes in foreign exchange rates on investments, other assets and debt from the fluctuations arising from changes in fair values of investments held. Such fluctuations are included with the net realized and unrealized gain or loss from investments. 
 
 Foreign security and currency translations may involve certain considerations and risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. companies and U.S. government securities. These risks include, but are not limited to, currency fluctuations and revaluations and future adverse political, social and economic developments, which could cause investments in foreign markets to be less liquid and prices to be more volatile than those of comparable U.S. companies or U.S. government securities. 
 
 13 
 
 PENNANTPARK SENIOR SECURED LOAN FUND I LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 and 2021 

(e) Consolidation 
 
 As explained by ASC paragraph 946-810-45, PSSL will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than an investment company subsidiary or a controlled operating company whose business consists of providing services to us. 

(f) Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 In March 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting. The guidance provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contract modifications, hedging relationships and other transactions, subject to meeting certain criteria, that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of the reference rate reform. ASU 2020-04 is effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. The Company utilized the optional expedients and exceptions provided by ASU 2020-04 during the year ended September30, 2022, the effect of which was not material to the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. 
 
 In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) , which is intended to address issues identified during the post-implementation review of ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments . The amendment, among other things, eliminates the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings by creditors in Subtopic 310-40, Receivables - Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors , while enhancing disclosure requirements for certain loan refinancings and restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. The new guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2022. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of ASU 2022-02 on its consolidated financial statement and disclosures. 
 
 In June 2022, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2022-03, or ASU, 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions, or ASU 2022-03, which changed the fair value measurement disclosure requirements of ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, or ASC 820. The amendments clarify that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity 

security is not considered part of the unit of account of the equity security and, therefore, is not considered in measuring fair value. The amendments also clarify that an entity cannot, as a separate unit of account, recognize and measure a contractual sale restriction. The new guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods therein. Early application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this new accounting standard will have on its consolidated financial statements, but the impact of the adoption is not expected to be material. 

3. AGREEMENTS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
 
 On June 10, 2022, PFLT was issued a capital call from the Company totaling 28.4 million consisting of Member notes of 19.9 million and equity interest of 8.5 million. PFLT fulfilled the June 10, 2022 capital call by contributing 28.0 million of securities and 0.4 million in cash to the Company. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, PSSL purchased 275.8 million and 285.8 million, respectively, in investments from PFLT and other affiliated entities. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, PSSL incurred 1.8 and 1.2 million in administrative services, respectively to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent provides administration services to PSSL at an annual rate of 0.25 of average gross assets under management. 
 
 For the years ended September 30, 2022 and 2021, PSSL incurred 17.5 million and 12.6 million, respectively, in interest expense related to the notes outstanding with the Members. 

14 
 
 PENNANTPARK SENIOR SECURED LOAN FUND I LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 and 2021 

4. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 
 
 Fair value, as defined under ASC 820, is the price that we would receive upon selling an investment or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction to a market participant in the principal or most advantageous market for the investment or liability. ASC 820 emphasizes that valuation techniques maximize the use of observable market inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Inputs refer broadly to the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability, including assumptions about risk. Inputs may be observable or unobservable. Observable inputs reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability based on market data obtained from sources independent of us. Unobservable inputs reflect the assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability based on the best information available to us on the reporting period date. 
 
 ASC 820 classifies the inputs used to measure these fair values into the following hierarchies: 
 
 Level 1:	Inputs that are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, accessible by us at the measurement date. 
 
 Level 2:	Inputs that are quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or that are quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active and inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term, if applicable, of the financial instrument. 
 
 Level 3:	Inputs that are unobservable for an asset or liability because they are based on our own assumptions about how market participants would price the asset or liability. 
 
 A financial instrument s categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Generally, most of our investments are classified as Level 3. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of investments that do not have a readily available market value, the price used in an actual transaction may be different than our valuation and those differences may be material. 
 
 The inputs into the determination of fair value may require significant management judgment or estimation. Even if observable market data is available, such information may be the result of consensus pricing information, disorderly transactions or broker quotes which include a disclaimer that the broker would not be held to such a price in an actual transaction. The non-binding nature of consensus pricing and/or quotes accompanied by disclaimer would result in classification as Level 3 information, assuming no additional corroborating evidence were available. Corroborating evidence that would result in classifying these non-binding broker/dealer bids as a Level 2 asset includes observable market-based transactions for the same or similar assets or other relevant observable market-based inputs that may be used in pricing an asset. 
 
 Our investments are generally structured as debt in the form of first lien secured debt, but may also include second lien secured debt, subordinated debt and equity investments. The transaction price, excluding transaction costs, is typically the best estimate of fair value at inception. Ongoing reviews by the Members and independent valuation firms are based on an assessment of each underlying investment, incorporating valuations that consider the evaluation of financing and sale transactions with third parties, expected cash flows and market-based information including comparable transactions, performance multiples and yields, among other factors. These non-public investments using unobservable inputs are included in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 A review of fair value hierarchy classifications is conducted on a quarterly basis. Changes in our ability to observe valuation inputs may result in a reclassification for certain financial assets or liabilities. 
 
 In addition to using the above inputs in valuing cash equivalents and investments, we employ the valuation policy approved by our board of directors that is consistent with ASC 820. Consistent with our valuation policy, we evaluate the source of inputs, including any markets in which our investments are trading, in determining fair value. See Note 2. 
 
 As outlined in the table below, some of our Level 3 investments using a market comparable valuation technique are valued using the average of the bids from brokers or dealers. The bids include a disclaimer, may not have corroborating evidence, may be the result of a disorderly transaction and may be the result of consensus pricing. The Members assess the source and reliability of bids from brokers or dealers. If the board of directors has a bona fide reason to believe any such market quote does not reflect the 
 15 
 
 PENNANTPARK SENIOR SECURED LOAN FUND I LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 and 2021 
 
 fair value of an investment, it may independently value such investments by using the valuation procedure that it uses with respect to assets for which market quotations are not readily available. 
 
 Some of our investments can also be valued using a market comparable or an enterprise market value technique. With respect to investments for which there is no readily available market value, the factors that the board of directors may consider in pricing our investments at fair value include, as relevant, the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments, its earnings and discounted cash flow, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to publicly traded securities and other relevant factors. When an external event such as a purchase transaction, public offering or subsequent equity sale occurs, the pricing indicated by the external event, excluding transaction costs, is used to corroborate the valuation. When using earnings multiples to value a portfolio company, the multiple used requires the use of judgment and estimates in determining how a market participant would price such an asset. These non-public investments using unobservable inputs are included in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Generally, the sensitivity of unobservable inputs or combination of inputs such as industry comparable companies, market outlook, consistency, discount rates and reliability of earnings and prospects for growth, or lack thereof, affects the multiple used in pricing an investment. As a result, any change in any one of those factors may have a significant impact on the valuation of an investment. Generally, an increase in a market yield will result in a decrease in the valuation of a debt investment, while a decrease in a market yield will have the opposite effect. Generally, an increase in an EBITDA multiple will result in an increase in the valuation of an investment, while a decrease in an EBITDA will have the opposite effect. 

Our Level 3 valuation techniques, unobservable inputs and ranges were categorized as follows for ASC 820 purposes: 

Asset Category 
 
 Fair value at September 30, 2022 

Valuation Technique 
 
 Unobservable Input 
 
 Range of Input (Weighted Average) (1) 

First lien 

127,355 

Market Comparable 
 
 Broker/Dealer bids or quotes 
 
 N/A 

First lien 

615,800 

Market Comparable 
 
 Market Yield 
 
 6.0 12.2 (9.1 

First lien 

8,473 

Enterprise Market Value 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 14.0x 

Second Lien 

2,955 

Market Comparable 
 
 Market Yield 
 
 12.2 - 12.2 (12.2 

Equity 

139 

Enterprise Market Value 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 8.0x 

Total Level 3 investments 

754,722 

Asset Category 
 
 Fair value at September 30, 2021 

Valuation Technique 
 
 Unobservable Input 
 
 Range of Input (Weighted Average) (1) 

First lien 

168,834 

Market Comparable 
 
 Broker/Dealer bids or quotes 
 
 N/A 

First lien 

388,898 

Market Comparable 
 
 Market Yield 
 
 5.6 11.4 (7.8 

Second Lien 

5,374 

Market Comparable 
 
 Market Yield 
 
 10.9 - 11.0 (10.9 

Equity 

1,677 

Enterprise Market Value 
 
 EBITDA Multiple 
 
 7.6x 

Total Level 3 investments 

564,783 

(1) 	The weighted averages disclosed in the table above were weighted by their relative fair value. 

16 
 
 PENNANTPARK SENIOR SECURED LOAN FUND I LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Our investments, cash and cash equivalents were categorized as follows in the fair value hierarchy for ASC 820 purposes: 

Fair Value at September 30, 2022 

Description 
 
 Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total Fair Value 

First lien 

751,628 

751,628 

Second Lien 

2,955 

2,955 

Equity 

139 

139 

Total investments 

754,722 

754,722 

Cash and cash equivalents 

33,705 

33,705 

Total investments, cash and cash equivalents 

33,705 

754,722 

788,427 

Fair Value at September 30, 2021 

Description 
 
 Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Total Fair Value 

First lien 

557,732 

557,732 

Second Lien 

5,374 

5,374 

Equity 

1,677 

1,677 

Total investments 

564,783 

564,783 

Cash and cash equivalents 

28,374 

28,374 

Total investments, cash and cash equivalents 

28,374 

564,783 

593,157 

The tables below show a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances for fair valued investments measured using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3): 

17 
 
 PENNANTPARK SENIOR SECURED LOAN FUND I LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 and 2021 

For the Year Ended September 30, 2022 

Description 
 
 Debt Investments 

Equity Investments 

Total 

Beginning Balance 

563,106 

1,677 

564,783 

Net realized losses 

(8,217) 

(6,731) 

(14,948) 

Net change in unrealized depreciation 

(8,888) 

5,193 

(3,695) 

Purchases, net discount accretion and non-cash exchanges 

311,018 

311,018 

Sales, repayments and non-cash exchanges 

(102,436) 

(102,436) 

Transfers into and/or out of Level 3 

Ending Balance 

754,583 

139 

754,722 

Net change in unrealized depreciation reported within the net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in our Consolidated Statements of Operations attributable to our Level 3 assets still held at the reporting date 

(8,297) 

(460) 

(8,756) 

For the Year Ended September 30, 2021 

Description 
 
 Debt Investments 

Equity Investments 

Total 

Beginning Balance 

391,182 

1,804 

392,986 

Net realized losses 

(4,732) 

(4,732) 

Net change in unrealized depreciation 

9,139 

(5,145) 

3,994 

Purchases, net discount accretion and non-cash exchanges 

353,242 

5,018 

358,260 

Sales, repayments and non-cash exchanges 

(185,725) 

(185,725) 

Transfers into and/or out of Level 3 

Ending Balance 

563,106 

1,677 

564,783 

Net change in unrealized depreciation reported within the net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in our Consolidated Statements of Operations attributable to our Level 3 assets still held at the reporting date 

(4,111) 

(1,179) 

(5,290) 

5. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 
 Cash equivalents represent cash in money market funds pending investment in longer-term portfolio holdings. Our portfolio may consist of temporary investments in U.S. Treasury Bills (of varying maturities), repurchase agreements, money market funds or repurchase agreement-like treasury securities. These temporary investments with original maturities of 90 days or less are deemed cash equivalents and are included in the Consolidated Schedule of Investments. U.S. Treasury Bills with maturities greater than 60 days from the time of purchase are valued consistent with our valuation policy. As of September 30, 2022 and 2021, cash and cash equivalents consisted of money market funds in the amounts of 33.7 million and 28.4 million at fair value, respectively. 
 
 6. MEMBERS EQUITY 
 
 PFLT and Kemper provide capital to PSSL in the form of equity interests. As of September 30, 2022 and 2021, PFLT and Kemper owned 87.5 and 12.5 , respectively, of equity interests in PSSL. 
 
 As of September 30, 2022 and 2021, PFLT had commitments to fund equity interests to PSSL of 90.0 million and 73.0 million, respectively, of which 8.5 million and 12.6 million, respectively, were unfunded. 
 
 As of September 30, 2022 and 2021, Kemper had commitments to fund equity interests to PSSL of 12.9 million and 10.4 million, respectively, of which 1.2 million and 1.8 million, respectively were unfunded. 

18 
 
 PENNANTPARK SENIOR SECURED LOAN FUND I LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 and 2021 

7. NOTES PAYABLE TO MEMBERS 
 
 PFLT and Kemper provide capital to PSSL in the form of first lien secured debt Member Notes ). The Member Notes were previously subordinated debt that were modified during the year ended September 30, 2018 to eliminate the subordination provision. The Member Notes bear an interest rate of 3-month LIBOR plus 8.0 and mature on May 6, 2024. As of September 30, 2022 and 2021, PFLT and Kemper owned 87.5 and 12.5 , respectively, of the Member Notes. 
 
 As of September 30, 2022 and 2021, PFLT had commitments to fund Member Notes to PSSL of 210.1 million and 170.3 million, respectively, of which 19.9 million and 29.4 million, respectively, were unfunded. 
 
 As of September 30, 2022 and 2021, Kemper had commitments to fund Member Notes to PSSL of 30.0 million and 24.3 million, respectively, of which 2.8 million and 4.2 million, respectively, were unfunded. 
 
 8. RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES 
 
 Investment risk 
 
 PSSL seeks investment opportunities that offer the possibility of attaining income generation, capital preservation and capital appreciation including investments in private companies. Certain events particular to each industry in which PSSL s investments conduct their operations, as well as general economic and political conditions, may have a significant negative impact on the investee s operations and profitability. Such events are beyond PSSL s controls, and the likelihood that they may occur cannot be predicted. Furthermore, investments of PSSL are made in private companies and there are generally no public markets for these securities at the current time. The ability of PSSL to liquidate these investments and realize value is subject to significant limitations and uncertainties. 
 
 Leverage Risk 
 
 PSSL may borrow funds in order to increase the amount of capital available for investment. The use of leverage can improve the return on invested capital, however, such use may also magnify the potential for loss on invested equity capital. If the value of PSSL s assets decreases, leveraging would cause Members equity to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had PSSL not used leverage. Similarly, any decrease in PSSL s income would cause Members equity to decline more sharply than it would have had PSSL not borrowed. Borrowings will usually be from credit facilities and will typically be secured by PSSL s securities and other assets. Under certain circumstances, such credit facilities may demand an increase in the collateral that secures PSSL s obligations and if PSSL was unable to provide additional collateral, the credit facilities could liquidate assets held in the account to satisfy PSSL s obligations. Liquidation in this manner could have adverse consequences. Additionally, the amount of PSSL s borrowings and the interest rates on those borrowings, which will fluctuate, could have a significant effect on PSSL s profitability. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 PSSL primarily invests in first lien secured debt to middle-market companies. A majority of the investments held by PSSL are subject to restrictions on their resale or are otherwise illiquid. PSSL assumes the credit risk of the borrower. In the event that the borrower becomes insolvent or enters bankruptcy, PSSL may incur certain costs and delays in realizing payment, or may suffer a loss of principal and/or interest. 
 
 9. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS 
 
 The Members are responsible for all investment making and business decisions, therefore, there is no requirement to show financial highlights per ASC 946, which have been omitted accordingly. 
 
 10. LEVERAGE 
 
 Credit Facility 
 
 In May 2017, PSSL I entered into a 325.0 million multi currency credit facility with Capital One, N.A. as the lender and administrative agent (the Capital One Facility ). As of September 30, 2020, we had a 217.5 million in outstanding borrowings under the Capital One Facility and the weighted average interest rate was 2.4 excluding the undrawn commitment fees. The Capital 
 19 
 
 PENNANTPARK SENIOR SECURED LOAN FUND I LLC 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 and 2021 
 
 One Facility was secured by substantially all of the assets held by us. The Capital One Facility contains customary financial and other covenants and the carrying value approximates fair value. On January 27, 2021, PSSL I fully repaid and terminated the Capital One Facility. 
 
 On January 26, 2021, PSSL II entered into a 125.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility with Ally Bank (the Ally Credit Facility ). The Ally Credit Facility has a maturity date of January 26, 2026 and bears interest at 2.6 over LIBOR. The Ally Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of the assets held by PSSL II. On June 3, 2021 the facility amount was increased to 155.0 million with no change to the interest rate and maturity date. On October 13, 2021, the Ally Credit Facility was further increased to 225 million and the interest rate was changed to 2.5 over LIBOR. On May 2, 2022, the Ally Credit Facility was increased to 325 and interest rate was changed to 2.6 over daily SOFR. The Ally Credit Facility contains customary financial and other covenants and as of September 30, 2022, we are in compliance with all covenants. As of September 30, 2022 we had 259.5 million in outstanding borrowings. 
 
 Asset - Backed Debt 
 In January 2021, CLO II completed a 300.7 million debt securitization in the form of a collateralized loan obligation (the Debt Securitization or the 2032 Asset-Backed Debt ). The 2032 Asset-Backed Debt is secured by a diversified portfolio consisting primarily of middle market loans. The Debt Securitization was executed through (A) a private placement of: (i) 171.0 million Class A-1 Senior Secured Floating Rate Loans maturing 2032, which bear interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 1.9 , (ii) 6.0 million Class A-2 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes due 2032, which bear interest at three month LIBOR plus 2.25 , (iii) 15.5 million Class B-1 Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes due 2032, which bear interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 2.6 , (iv) 8.5 million Class B-2 Senior Secured Fixed Rate Notes due 2032, which bear interest of 3.14 , (v) 27.0 million Class C Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2032, which bear interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 4.25 , (vi) 18.0 million Class D Secured Deferrable Fixed Rate Notes due 2032, which bear interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 6.5 , and (vii) 18.0 million Class E Secured Deferrable Floating Rate Notes due 2032, which bear interest at the three-month LIBOR plus 8.5 , under a credit agreement by and among the Securitization Issuers, as borrowers, various financial institutions, as lenders, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent and as loan agent. As of September 30, 2022 there was 246.0 million of 2032 Asset-Backed Debt and there was 2.6 million of un-amortized fees. As of September 30, 2022 the weighted average interest rate was 5.0 . 
 
 On the closing date of the Debt Securitization, in consideration of our transfer to CLO II of the initial closing date loan portfolio, PSSL received 100 of the Preferred Shares of CLO II, 100 of the Class E Notes issued by CLO II, and a portion of the net cash proceeds received from the sale of the 2032 Asset-Backed Debt. The Preferred Shares do not bear interest and had a stated value of approximately 36.7 million at the closing of the Debt Securitization. 
 
 The 2032 Asset-Backed Debt is included in the Consolidated Statement of Assets, Liabilities and Members' Equity as debt of the Company and the Class E Notes and the Preferred Shares have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 PennantPark Investment Adviser, LLC serves as collateral manager to the Securitization Issuer pursuant to the Collateral Management Agreement. For so long as PennantPark Investment Advisor, LLC serves as collateral manager, it will elect to irrevocably waive any collateral management fee to which it may be entitled under the Collateral Management Agreement. 

11. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCY 
 
 As of September 30, 2022, the Company had 2.5 million of unfunded commitment to fund existing investments. 
 
 The Company has provided general indemnifications to the Members, affiliates of the Members, and any person acting on behalf of the Members or that affiliate when they act, in good faith, in the best interest of the Company. The Company is unable to develop an estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments that could potentially result from any hypothetical future claim but expects the risk of having to make any payments under these general business indemnifications to be remote. 
 
 12. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 
 
 Subsequent events are evaluated and disclosed as appropriate for events occurring through the date the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued, November 17, 2022. 
 
 On November 10, 2022 PSSL issued and the Members funded a capital call in the amount of 15.0 million. 
 20 

</EX-99.4>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 pflt-20230930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 pflt-20230930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 pflt-20230930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 pflt-20230930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 20
 pflt-20230930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

