<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231006_10-K_edgar_data_1807166_0001213900-23-081208.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3818066</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>167053</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>807462</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>936174</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>936701</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>878393</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-081208.hdr.sgml : 20231006
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231006172601
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-081208
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231006
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231006

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Amesite Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001807166
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				823431717
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39553
		FILM NUMBER:		231314984

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		205 EAST WASHINGTON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			ANN ARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(650) 516-7633

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		205 EAST WASHINGTON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			ANN ARBOR
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Amesite Operating Co
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200318

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-081208.txt : 20231006

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_amesiteinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

N/A 

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to
previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant
recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the registrant s
common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on December 31, 2022 was approximately based on the closing price for
the common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on December 30, 2022 of 2.10. 

On September 29, 2023, there were shares
common stock of the registrant, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

The
information required by Part III of this Form 10-K, to the extent not set forth herein, is incorporated by reference from the registrant s
definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Such proxy statement shall be filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this report relates. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 16 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 16 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 16 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 

Part II 
 
 17 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 17 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved]. 
 17 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 17 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 22 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 23 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 23 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 23 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 23 

Part III 
 
 24 
 
 Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 24 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 24 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 24 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 24 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 24 

Part
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 24 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 27 
 
 Signatures 
 28 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements, which include information relating to future events, future
financial performance, financial projections, strategies, expectations, competitive environment and regulation. Words such as may, 
 should, could, would, predicts, potential, continue, 
 expects, anticipates, future, intends, plans, believes, 
 estimates, and similar expressions, as well as statements in future tense, identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and may not be accurate indications of when such performance
or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information we have when those statements are made or management s
good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events, and are subject to a number of risks, and uncertainties and assumptions
that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements.
These risks are more fully described in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following is a
summary of such risks: 

our
 planned online machine learning platform s ability to enable universities and other clients to offer timely, improved popular
 courses and certification programs, without becoming software tech companies; 

our
 planned online machine learning platform s ability to result in opportunistic incremental revenue for colleges, universities
 and other clients, and improved ability to garner state funds due to increased retention and graduation rates through use of machine
 learning and natural language processing; 

our
 ability to obtain additional funds for our operations; 

our
 ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our technologies and our ability to operate our business without
 infringing the intellectual property rights of others; 

our
 reliance on third parties to conduct our business and studies; 

our
 reliance on third party designers, suppliers, and partners to provide and maintain our learning platform; 

our
 ability to attract and retain qualified key management and technical personnel; 

our
 expectations regarding the time during which we will be an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act,
 or JOBS Act; 

our
 financial performance; 

the
 impact of government regulation and developments relating to our competitors or our industry; and 

other
 risks and uncertainties, including those listed under the caption Risk Factors. 

These
statements relate to future events or our future operational or financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results,
performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results to differ
materially from current expectations include, among other things, those listed under the section titled Item 1A. Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Any
forward-looking statement in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflects our current view with respect to future events and is subject to
these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to our business, results of operations, industry and future growth. Given
these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee
of future performance. You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the documents that we reference herein and have filed as
exhibits hereto completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from any future results
expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise these
forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains, or may contain, estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business
and the markets for our products, including data regarding the estimated size of those markets and their projected growth rates. Information
that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events
or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated,
we obtained these industry, business, market and other data from reports, research surveys, studies and similar data prepared by third
parties, industry and general publications, government data and similar sources. In some cases, we do not expressly refer to the sources
from which these data are derived. 

ii 

PART
I 

Unless
the context otherwise indicates or requires, the terms we, our, us, Amesite, 
and the Company, as used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, refer to Amesite, Inc. Amesite holds all material assets and
conducts all business activities and operations of the Company. 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Amesite s smart, intuitive learning environments
help organizations thrive. Amesite is a high-tech artificial intelligence software company offering a cloud-based platform and content
creation services for business and university-delivered education and upskilling. Amesite-offered courses and programs are branded to
our part. Amesite uses artificial intelligence technologies to provide customized environments for learners, easy-to-manage interfaces
for instructors, and greater accessibility for learners in the US education market and beyond. The Company leverages existing institutional
infrastructures, adding mass customization and cutting-edge technology to provide cost-effective, scalable and engaging experiences for
learners anywhere. 

We are passionate about improving the learner
experience and learner outcomes in online learning products and improving our Customers ability to create and deliver both. We
are focused on creating the best possible technology solutions and have been awarded an innovation award for our product. We are committed
to our team, and have been recognized with 10 workplace excellence awards, 4 of them national. 

Amesite offers our white label platform to our
Customers: universities, museums, businesses and government agencies. Amesite s Customers offer learning to their users, who are
students, professional learners and / or their own employees. Amesite derives revenue from the licensing of our platform, and user fees
associated with its use by our Customers for their users. Some of our Customers generate revenue using our systems, including Universities
and Museums. 

Our
Strategy 

We deliver Learning Community Environment s
(LCE SM s) to businesses and educational institutions (EIs) that enable them to offer branded learning products to their students,
professional learners or employees with ease. Our business model offers flexibility for our Customers. Our Customers license our platform
and can also contract with to us to create and maintain customized learning products, or easily launch their own learning products on
the platform. We have entered into master service agreements with our Customers, including, but not limited to, universities such as Wayne
State University and enterprises such as The Henry Ford Museum. These agreements include statements of work detailing the services to
be rendered and programs or products to be delivered on the platform. We use the proprietary data we collect on learner behavior and responses
with their consent, to deliver to learners engaging, effective courses and programs. Our Customers gain efficiency, flexibility and can
generate high return on investment and revenue through partnership with us, because of the speed, flexibility, effectiveness and scalability
of the LCE SM s we build for them. 

Universities need to be able to launch programs
that upskill their alumni and other professionals, accessibly and at scale. Museums need to engage their patrons and visitors with high
quality digital learning opportunities. Businesses need learning systems that enable them to upskill people quickly and efficiently. Retention
and execution of strategic plans require that employees stay engaged and learn effectively. Government needs to be able to offer learning
programs that allow job seekers to advance skills. Amesite s cloud-based platform addresses all of these key needs. 

We target Customers who already have large cohorts
of users who can consume their delivered learning programs. Our revenues are derived from license fees, but more importantly, by user
fees, that we believe will enable us to scale revenue. Importantly, we aim to serve our Customers by delivering learning programs at price
points that are accessible and are highly targeted to their needs. 

1 

Our
Proprietary Technology 

We
believe that online learning products are essential for accessibility, engagement and scalability for businesses and EIs alike. We utilize
artificial intelligence to achieve improved engagement, and continuous integration of current, qualified information into our learning
products. 

Our
technology utilizes a flexible and scalable full stack solution, with robust tools powering front-end technology. Our code
architecture offers outstanding accessibility and agility for engineers, using best-in-class languages for both client and
server-side functions. We also use tools employed by many high-end platforms. Our architecture enables us to achieve full
integration of best-in-class third party tools, and custom-built features, delivering on-demand and as-needed, such as leading
calendar platform integrations, and high quality, encrypted video calling. 

Our
architecture enables us to utilize artificial intelligence algorithms to ultimately improve learning outcomes. Much as artificial
intelligence algorithms presently recognize and respond to natural language on commercial platforms, predict behaviors and deliver suggestions,
our algorithms have been developed to assist learners in accessing, utilizing and remaining engaged with platform content, their instructors
and their peers. 

We generate content for our Customers using
the highest standards in business and higher education, and our business model enables us to deliver content for our Customers efficiently
and rapidly. Rapidly evolving technology has driven the need to continuously upskill students and workforces, and we use the
highest possible standards to deliver this content according to Customer needs. This substantially reduces the time it takes for traditional
program creation by businesses or EIs. 

We market to our Customers, and enable them
to offer and monetize learning products, or to deliver learning products to their own employees efficiently and cost effectively. Our
Customers want the capability of delivery to their own Customers and are best able to market to them. We deliver the content and technology
to enable this. 

We protect and utilize learner data solely
to improve learning outcomes. Learner data is collected with learner permission, and information about learner behavior, study
preferences and preferences for types of material delivered as part of learning products, will be used to improve learning outcomes and
learner experiences. We will validate algorithms using both offline and online testing. By correlating learner behaviors with specific
outcomes as identified by qualified instructors, we will train our algorithms specifically for important learning outcomes, enabling it
to be a useful tool for instructors. We believe that the combinations of information that will be collected through our educational products,
and outcomes measured using our online learning products will be unique, and constantly improving. We will never sell or distribute our
learner data to third parties without the explicit permission of learners. We will not deliver unwanted content or advertising to learners
or to Customer personnel. Our proprietary technology is developed solely for purposes of improving learner experiences and outcomes and
improving the ability of our Customers to deliver outstanding educational products. 

Our Research and Development Programs 

We use advanced technologies to create effective
and accessible learning environments. We seek to improve learning at many levels, including college and professional. Our research and
development programs will expand continuously based on learner preferences, outcomes and the desires of our Customers. Some of these will
include: 

Improvements in learner engagement with cloud-based platforms . We will continuously gather data on how learners engage with us and other online platforms and conduct research and development to create and incorporate useful tools for learning on our platform. 

Improvements
 in instructor experience using our platform . We will continuously develop tools designed to improve the ability of our Customers
 to deliver timely and relevant content, deliver assessments which are fair, correctly represent educational objectives and give repeatable
 outcomes when employed on our platform. 

2 

Integration
 of new technology in the delivery of learning products . A technology stack is a combination of software products
 and programming languages used to create our platform. We will continuously develop improvements to our technology stack, inventing
 and integrating best-in-class online engagement features. These will range from invention of novel user experience features to integration
 of capabilities offered by other vendors and developers. 

Qualification
 of information for use by learners in all sectors . We plan to provide both our Customers and our learners with the constantly
 improving ability to find and integrate qualified information into products on our platform, and maximize learner ability to utilize
 qualified information, designed to offer learners the most carefully curated, most relevant, timely and engaging materials in every
 discipline in which we offer products. 

Our
Intellectual Property 

Our
intellectual property rights include patent applications, trade secrets, trademark rights, and contractual agreements. Our patent applications
are directed to our proprietary technology, including an artificial intelligence platform for learning, and will seek patent protection
for our designs, development, and related alternatives by filing and prosecuting patent applications in the U.S. and other countries
as appropriate. 

We ve
received two U.S. patents and currently have five pending U.S. patent applications, including one to cover the artificial intelligence
platform, and others related to security, power consumption, blockchain, design and other technologies, including methods and systems.
Any patent issued from these applications are expected to expire in 2038, not including any applicable patent term adjustment or extension
or design patents. 

We
have protected our source codes, methodologies, algorithms, and techniques directed to other aspects of our artificial intelligence learning
platform using our trade secret rights. We have received service marks for AMESITE SM , KEEP LEARNING SM and
LCE SM from the United States Patent and Trademark Office. We have registered a service mark for LEARNING COMMUNITY ENVIRONMENT 
 with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. We have also secured domain names, including amesite.com, amesite.co,
amesite.net, and others. 

We
ensure that we own intellectual property created for us by signing agreements with employees, independent contractors, consultants, companies,
and any other third party that creates intellectual property for us or that assign any intellectual property rights to us. Portions of
our platform may rely upon third-party licensed intellectual property. 

We
have established business procedures designed to maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary information, including the use of confidentiality
agreements with employees, independent contractors, consultants and entities with which we conduct business. 

Competition 

The
online and software industries for higher education are characterized by rapid evolution of technologies, fierce competition, government
regulation, and strong defense of intellectual property. The overall market for technology solutions that enable providers to deliver
education online is highly fragmented, rapidly evolving and subject to changing technology, shifting needs of learners and educators
and frequent introductions of new methods of delivering education online. While we believe that our platform, programs, technology, knowledge,
experience, and resources provide us with competitive advantages, we face competition from major online companies, academic institutions,
governmental agencies, and public and private research institutions, among others. 

3 

Any
learning product that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with current learning products. Key product features that
would affect our ability to effectively compete with other course offerings include efficiency, security and convenience, and availability.
Our competitors fall primarily into the following groups: 

Online
 Program Management (OPM) firms, who create and launch educational products for EIs and businesses, using either their own or others 
 Learning Management Systems (LMSs). 

Learning
 Management System (LMS) technology firms, who offer technology platforms suitable for offering online educational or training products 

Learning
 product aggregators, who offer multiple institutions or businesses learning products on online platforms for direct
 purchase by learners, or through licenses by institutions. 

Many
of the companies, colleges, or universities against which we may compete have significantly greater financial resources and expertise
in education, software design and development, and have already obtained approvals and marketing approved products. Smaller or early-stage
companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies.
These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified engineers, scientists, and management personnel, as well
as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 

We
expect that the competitive landscape will continue to expand as the market for online programs at nonprofit institutions matures. We
believe the principal competitive factors in our market include the following: 

brand
 awareness and reputation; 

ability
 of online programs to deliver desired learner outcomes; 

robustness
 and evolution of technology offering; and 

breadth
 and depth of service offering. 

We believe we compete favorably on the basis of
these factors. Our ability to remain competitive will depend, to a great extent, on our ability to consistently deliver high-quality offerings;
meet client needs for content development; attract, support and retain learners; and deliver desired outcomes for our Customers and their
learners. 

Government
Regulation and Product Approval 

The
education industry is heavily regulated. Institutions of higher education that award degrees and certificates to signify the successful
completion of an academic program are subject to regulation from three primary entities, namely, the U.S. Department of Education (the
 DOE ), accrediting agencies, and state licensing authorities. Each of these entities promulgates and enforces its own laws,
regulations and standards, which we refer to collectively as education laws. 

We contract with higher education institutions
that are subject to education laws. In addition, we are required to comply with certain education laws as a result of our role as a service
provider to institutions of higher education, either directly or indirectly through our contractual arrangements with Customers. Our failure,
or that of our Customers, to comply with education laws could adversely impact our operations. As a result, we work closely with our Customers
to maintain compliance with education laws. 

We will abide by education laws, including incentive
compensation rules, misrepresentation rules, accreditation rules and standards, among state and federal regulations. We also closely monitor
state law developments and we will work closely with our Customers to assist them with obtaining any required approvals. 

Our activities on behalf of our Customers are
also subject to other federal and state laws. These regulations include, but are not limited to, consumer marketing and unfair trade practices
laws and regulations, including those promulgated and enforced by the Federal Trade Commission, as well as federal and state data protection
and privacy requirements. 

4 

Sales
and Marketing 

We plan to grow our sales and marketing program
as we build our Customer base, advancing from our small, direct sales force to a distribution network that has existing relationships
with colleges, universities, non-profit organizations and businesses. 

We
also intend to develop a branding strategy to introduce and support our platform. The strategy may include our presence at colleges,
universities, and other commercial institutions on a national, state, and regional basis to engage and educate users of our products,
as well as engaging in a variety of other direct marketing methods to educational institutions and businesses. We plan to pursue selected
business opportunities, including joint developments, collaborations and acquisitions that have the potential to build sales more rapidly.
We aim to develop and pursue such opportunities on a consistent basis to grow the Company. 

Board
of Advisors 

Dennis
Bernard, Chairman of the Board of Advisors 

Mr.
Bernard is the founder and President of Bernard Financial Group and Bernard Financial Servicing Group BFG ). BFG is the
largest commercial mortgage banking firm in Michigan, financing, on average, over 1.0 billion annually. Mr. Bernard has been involved
with over 1,200 commercial real estate financial transactions totaling over 18.6 billion. Mr. Bernard specializes in both debt and equity
placement with commercial lenders and institutional joint venture participants. 

Martha
A. Darling, Member 

Over
the past 22 years, Ms. Darling has held volunteer leadership roles nationally and in Michigan and has consulted on education policy issues
for the National Academy of Sciences and other non-profit organizations. Prior to moving to Ann Arbor, Ms. Darling was a Senior Program
Manager at The Boeing Company in Seattle, from which she retired in 1998. She joined Boeing in 1987, with assignments in 747 Program
Management, Government Affairs and Boeing s Corporate Offices, where she supported the chief executive officer and other executives.
Previously, she was Vice President for Strategic Planning at Seattle-First National Bank and then, on loan from Seattle-First, she served
as Executive Director of the Washington Business Roundtable s Education Study. From 1977 to 1982 she served in Washington, D.C.
as White House Fellow and Executive Assistant to Secretary of the Treasury W. Michael Blumenthal and then as Senior Legislative Aide
to U.S. Senator Bill Bradley. She has also served as Special Assistant to the Governor of Washington, Research Social Scientist at the
Battelle Seattle Research Center, and was a free-lance consultant to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and other
international organizations for four years in Paris. 

Theodore
l. Spencer, Member 

Mr. Spencer is Senior Advisor on Admissions Outreach
at the University of Michigan. Prior to September 2014, he was Associate Vice Provost and Executive Director of Undergraduate Admissions.
Before joining Michigan in 1989, he was an Associate Director of Admissions at the United States Air Force Academy. He is a graduate of
the Military Air War College and was one of thirty-five Air Force recruiting commanders in the United States. He is a retired Lieutenant
Colonel in the United States Air Force. Early in his career, he was a salesman for the IBM Corporation in the City of Detroit. Ted has
presented at numerous professional conferences state-wide, nationally and internationally, and has written and published articles on the
college admissions process. He has received numerous awards and was recognized as the Point Man on Diversity Defense for affirmative action
in college admissions. He has previously served as a Trustee for the College Board and on the faculty for the Harvard Summer Institute
on College Admissions. Ted holds a M.S. degree in sociology from Pepperdine University and a B.S. in political science from Tennessee
State University. 

5 

Human
Capital Management 

General
Information About Our Human Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2023, we have 12 full-time
employees and 2 consultants. We intend to engage consultants in general administration on an as-needed basis. We also intend to engage
experts in operations, finance and general business to advise us in various capacities. None of our employees are covered by a collective
bargaining agreement, and we believe our relationship with our employees is good to excellent. 

Our
Culture 

Amesite s
mission is to improve the way the world learns. We are passionate about understanding the needs of our learners, and we work hard to
build products that deliver for each and every one. We also believe that supporting our team with a wonderful environment supports
and powers us to accomplish our goals. Our values are summarized in our beats the guideposts for our culture. 

Judgment
 beats rules 

Measurement
 beats conjecture 

Humility
 beats arrogance 

Honesty
 beats politeness 

Growth
 beats comfort 

Transparency
 beats manipulation 

Passion
 beats indifference 

Diversity
and Inclusion 

To truly change how the world learns and improve
the learning process and environment for learners across the world, we need to work with a diversity of partners as well as have a diverse
workforce. We also must operate with a high degree of awareness of evolving social conditions, social justice and create
policy accordingly. We acknowledge that these measures evolve over time and commit to improving our policies as awareness of social inequities
or injustice arise. We believe an equitable and inclusive environment with diverse teams produces more creative solutions and results
in better outcomes for our Customers, partners, employees, and stakeholders. We strive to attract, retain, and promote diverse talent
at all levels of the organization. Our management team is 57 female, 29 racially diverse, and 71 female or racially diverse. The entire
Amesite team is 50 female, 43 racially diverse, and 71 female or racially diverse. Additional information regarding Amesite s
social impact can be found in our 2021 ESG Report available at www.amesite.com. 

Corporate
Information 

The Company was incorporated in November 2017.
The Company is an artificial intelligence driven platform and course designer, that provides customized, high performance and scalable
online products for schools and businesses. The Company uses machine learning to provide a novel, mass customized experience to learners.
The Company s Customers are businesses, universities and colleges, and K-12 schools. The Company s activities are subject
to significant risks and uncertainties. The Company s operations are in one segment. 

On
September 18, 2020, we consummated a reorganizational merger (the Reorganization ), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of
Merger (the Merger Agreement ), dated July 14, 2020, whereby Amesite Inc. Amesite Parent ), our former parent
corporation, merged with and into us, with our Company resulting as the surviving entity. In connection with the same, we filed a Certificate
of Ownership and Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, and changed our name from Amesite Operating Company 
to Amesite Inc. The stockholders of Amesite Parent approved the Merger Agreement on August 4, 2020. The directors and officers
of Amesite Parent became our directors and officers. 

6 

Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, on the Effective Date, each share of Amesite Parent s common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, issued
and outstanding immediately before the Effective Date, was converted, on a one-for-one basis, into shares of our common stock. Additionally,
each option or warrant to acquire shares of Amesite Parent outstanding immediately before the Effective Date was converted into and became
an equivalent option to acquire shares of our common stock, upon the same terms and conditions. 

Our corporate headquarters are located at 607
Shelby Street, Suite 700 PMB 214, Detroit, Michigan 48226, and our telephone number is (734) 876-8130. We maintain a website at www.amesite.com.
The contents of, or information accessible through, our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our website address
is included in this document as an inactive textual reference only. We make our filings with the SEC, including our Annual Reports on
Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, available free of charge on
our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports with, or furnish such reports to, the SEC. The public may read
and copy the materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. The
public may also obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Additionally, the
SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information. The address of the SEC s
website is www.sec.gov. The information contained in the SEC s website is not intended to be a part of this filing. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

You
should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as general economic and business risks and the other information in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. The occurrence of any of the events or circumstances described below or other adverse events could have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and could cause the trading price of our common
stock to decline. Additional risks or uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also harm our
business. 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We have a short operating history in online
programs and may fail to grow our Customer base. 

We were incorporated in November 2017 and have
no operating history in offering online courses. Historically, we have had no significant tangible assets other than cash. If our assumptions
about market needs are incorrect, we may fail to launch courses and gain initial Customers. Even if we launch courses in a timely manner,
our assumptions regarding recovery of upfront costs and growth of revenue may differ substantially from reality, in which case we will
fail to achieve our revenue goals. 

We have not developed a strong Customer
base and we have not generated sustainable revenue since inception. There can be no assurance that we will be able to do so in the future.
We will incur significant losses in launching products and we may not realize sufficient subscriptions or profits in order to sustain
our business. 

We have not yet developed a strong Customer base
and we have not generated sustainable revenue since inception. We are subject to the substantial risk of failure facing businesses seeking
to develop and commercialize new products and technologies. Maintaining and improving our platform will require significant capital. We
also incur substantial accounting, legal and other overhead costs as a public company. If our offerings to Customers are unsuccessful,
result in insufficient revenue or result in us not being able to sustain revenue, we will be forced to reduce expenses, which may result
in an inability to gain new Customers. 

7 

Our business model relies on us successfully
licensing our platform and providing services to colleges, universities, and businesses for creation and online delivery of their learning
products. If we fail to attract Customers, or to negotiate agreements with them that provide us with sustainable revenue, it will impair
our ability to operate and grow our business. 

We may not be able to convince educational institutions
and businesses that our methods will produce better outcomes than their current approaches to online learning products, in a cost-effective
manner. We may also not be able to convince them to dedicate significant resources to moving courses onto our platform and gain their
trust in operating them collaboratively. If our learning products are not better, or only modestly better than the incumbent versions,
we will be unable to grow and gain more Customers, which will materially harm our business. 

We will be relying on our college, university
and museum Customers to drive enrollment and revenue and continue to license our platform and pay for our services. 

Factors
within and outside of our control will affect enrollments and include the following: 

Negative
 perceptions about online courses. Students may reject the opportunity to take courses online, when residential courses
 are offered as an option, due to negative perceptions of online education. 

Ineffective marketing efforts. Our Customers marketing efforts are required to drive enrollment of our online courses. If our Customers fail to successfully execute our marketing strategies, they may not continue to license our platform. 

Damage to Customer reputation. Our Customers rankings, reputation and marketing efforts strongly affect enrollments, none of which we control. If we fail to gain Customers with strong, stable reputations and rankings, they will fail to achieve stable enrollments. 

Lack of subscription to our courses. We do not control the courses required for a degree by our Customers, and if the courses we offer do not build to a degree, enrollments could suffer. 

Reduced
 enrollment in higher education due to lack of funding. Significant reductions in student funding, through grants or
 loans, would reduce enrollments in courses on our platform and could adversely affect our business model. 

General
 economic conditions. Any contraction in the economy could be expected to reduce enrollment in higher education, whether
 by reducing funding, reducing corporate allowances for continuing education, general reductions in employment or savings or other
 factors. Any of these could substantially reduce licensing of our platform. 

We will be relying on our enterprise Customers
to prioritize providing online learning programs to train or upskill their workforces. 

Factors
within and outside of our control will affect enrollments and include the following: 

General
 economic conditions. Any contraction in the economy could be expected to cause business leaders to deprioritize workforce
 training. 

Negative
 perceptions about online courses. Workers may reject the opportunity to take courses online through their employers. 

We
will face intense competition, which may cause pricing pressures, decreased gross margins and loss of market share, and may materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We will compete with other online education services
companies, and colleges and universities themselves. We expect competition in our markets to intensify as new competitors enter the online
education market, existing competitors merge or form alliances and new technologies emerge. Our competitors may introduce new solutions
and technologies that are superior to our platform. Certain of our competitors may be able to adapt more quickly than we can to new or
emerging technologies and changes in Customer requirements or may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and
sale of their products than we can. 

Increased
competition could also result in pricing pressures, declining average selling prices for our service model, decreased gross margins and
loss of market share. We will need to make substantial investments to develop these enhancements and technologies to our platform, and
we cannot assure investors that we will have funds available for these investments or that these enhancements and technologies will be
successful. If a competing technology emerges that is, or is perceived to be, superior to our existing technology and we are unable to
adapt and compete effectively, our market share and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected, and our business,
revenue, and results of operations could be harmed. 

We
are dependent on the services of certain key management personnel, employees, advisors, and consultants. If we are unable to retain
or motivate such individuals or hire qualified personnel, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

We
depend on the services of a number of key management personnel, employees, advisors and consultants and our future performance will largely
depend on the talents and efforts of such individuals. We do not currently maintain key person life insurance on any of
our employees, except for our Chief Executive Officer. The loss of one or more of such key individuals, or failure to find a suitable
successor, could hamper our efforts to successfully operate our business and achieve our business objectives. Our future success will
also depend on our ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel. Competition in our industry for
qualified employees is intense, and our compensation arrangements may not always be successful in attracting new employees and/or retaining
and motivating our existing employees. Future acquisitions by us may also cause uncertainty among our current employees and employees
of the acquired entity, which could lead to the departure of key individuals. Such departures could have an adverse impact on the anticipated
benefits of an acquisition. 

8 

We
have risk factors within and outside of our control that may inhibit our ability to deliver products on our platform. 

Our Customers will rely on us to deliver a stable
platform, with correct measures of performance in a manner that instructors, lecturers, graduate student assistants and professors can
easily use. 

Even
if we are successful in delivering a stable platform, our operating results may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many of
which are outside of our control. The following factors may affect our operating results: 

our
 ability to compete effectively; 

our
 ability to continue to attract users to our platform; 

our
 ability to attract new Customers to our platform; 

our
 ability to attract colleges and universities to our platform; 

the
 mix in our net revenues generated from Customers and colleges and universities; 

the
 amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations
 and infrastructure; 

our
 focus on long term goals over short-term results; 

the
 results of our investments in risky projects; 

general
 economic conditions and those economic conditions specific to our online courses; 

our
 ability to keep our platform operational at a reasonable cost and without service interruptions; 

the
 success of our geographical and product expansion; 

our
 ability to attract, motivate and retain top-quality employees; 

foreign,
 federal, state or local government regulation that could impede our ability to operate our platform; 

our
 ability to upgrade and develop our systems, infrastructure and products; 

new
 technologies or services that block our platform and user adoption of these technologies; 

the
 costs and results of litigation that we may face; 

our
 ability to protect our intellectual property rights; 

our
 ability to forecast revenue; 

our
 ability to manage fraud and other activities that violate our terms of services; 

our
 ability to successfully integrate and manage our colleges and universities; and 

geopolitical
 events such as war, threat of war, or terrorist actions. 

We
may have risks related to our financial condition. 

We
have a history of losses, will need substantial additional funding to continue our operations and may not achieve or sustain profitability
in the future. 

Our operations have consumed substantial amounts
of cash since inception. We do not expect more than nominal revenues until at least some point during the fiscal year ending June 30,
2024. If our expectations prove incorrect, our business, operating results and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected.
We anticipate that our operating expenses may increase in the foreseeable future as we continue to pursue the development of our platform,
invest in marketing, sales and distribution of our platform to grow our business, acquire Customers, and commercialize our technology.
These efforts may prove more expensive than we currently anticipate, and we may not succeed in generating sufficient revenues to offset
these increased expenses. In addition, we expect to incur significant expenses related to regulatory requirements, and our ability to
obtain, protect, and defend our intellectual property rights. 

We
may also encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other unknown factors that may increase our capital
needs and/or cause us to spend our cash resources faster than we expect. Accordingly, we may need to obtain substantial additional funding
to continue our operations. We cannot assure you that such additional funding will be available on favorable terms, or at all. 

9 

We may have risks related to managing any
growth we may experience. 

We may engage in future acquisitions that could
disrupt our business, cause dilution to our stockholders and harm our financial condition and operating results. 

While there are currently no specific plans to
acquire any other businesses, we may, in the future, make acquisitions of, or investments in, companies that we believe have products
or capabilities that are a strategic or commercial fit with our current business or otherwise offer opportunities. In connection with
these acquisitions or investments, we may: 

issue shares of our common stock or other forms of equity that would dilute our existing stockholders percentage of ownership; 

incur debt and assume liabilities; and 

incur amortization expenses related to intangible assets or incur large and immediate write-offs. 

We may not be able to complete acquisitions on
favorable terms, if at all. If we do complete an acquisition, we cannot assure you that such acquisition will ultimately strengthen our
competitive position or that such acquisition will be viewed positively by Customers, financial markets, or investors. Furthermore, future
acquisitions could pose numerous additional risks to our expected operations, including: 

problems integrating the purchased business, products, or technologies; 

challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other anticipated benefits; 

increases to our expenses; 

the assumption of significant liabilities that exceed the limitations of any applicable indemnification provisions or the financial resources of any indemnifying party; 

inability to maintain relationships with prospective key Customers, vendors, and other business partners of the acquired businesses; 

diversion of management s attention from their day-to-day responsibilities; 

difficulty in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during the transition and integration; 

entrance into marketplaces where we have limited or no prior experience and where competitors have stronger marketplace positions; 

potential loss of key employees, particularly those of the acquired entity; 

that historical financial information may not be representative or indicative of results as a combined entity; and 

that our business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures, and our operations are vulnerable to interruption by natural disasters, terrorist activity, power loss and other events beyond our control, the occurrence of which could materially harm our business. 

10 

If our security measures or those of our future business partners
are breached or fail and result in unauthorized disclosure of data, we could lose Customers and/or fail to attract new Customers. Such
breach or failure could also harm our reputation and expose us to protracted and costly lawsuits. 

Our platform and computer systems store and transmit
proprietary and confidential information that is subject to stringent legal and regulatory obligations. Due to the nature of our product,
we face an increasing number of threats to our platform and computer systems including unauthorized activity and access, system viruses,
worms, malicious code, denial of service attacks, and organized cyberattacks, any of which could breach our security and disrupt our platform.
The techniques used by computer hackers and cyber criminals to obtain unauthorized access to data or to sabotage computer systems change
frequently and generally are not detected until after an incident has occurred. Our cybersecurity measures or those of our future business
partners may be unable to anticipate, detect or prevent all attempts to compromise our systems or those of our future business partners.
Our internal computer systems and those of our future business partners are or may also be vulnerable to telecommunication and electrical
failures, the occurrence of which could result in material disruptions of our services. If our security measures are breached or fail
because of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, we could be subject to liability or our business could be interrupted,
potentially over an extended period of time. Any or all of these issues could harm our reputation, adversely affect our ability to attract
new Customers, cause existing Customers to scale back their offerings or elect not to renew their agreements, cause prospective students
not to enroll or students to not stay enrolled in our offerings, or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other action
or liability. Such issues could also cause a delay in the further development of our new technology for online education. Any reputational
damage resulting from breach of our systems or disruption of our services could create distrust of our company by prospective Customers.
We do not currently have cyber risk insurance. If we obtain one, such insurance may not be adequate to cover losses associated with such
events, and in any case, such insurance may not cover all of the types of costs, expenses and losses we could incur to respond to and
remediate a security breach. As a result, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to protect against the threat
of these disruptions and security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by such disruptions or breaches. 

We may have risks related to regulatory
requirements. 

Online education is subject to ongoing regulatory
obligations and review. Maintaining compliance with these requirements may result in significant additional expense to us and any failure
to maintain such compliance could cause our business to suffer. 

Noncompliance with applicable regulations or requirements
could subject us to investigations, sanctions, mandatory product recalls, enforcement actions, disgorgement of profits, fines, damages,
civil and criminal penalties, or injunctions. An adverse outcome in any such litigation could require us to pay contractual damages, compensatory
damages, punitive damages, attorneys fees and other costs. These enforcement actions could harm our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. If any governmental sanctions are imposed, or if we do not prevail in any possible civil or criminal litigation,
our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, responding to any action
will likely result in a significant diversion of our management s attention and resources and an increase in professional fees. 

Unfavorable global economic, business, or
political conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our results of operations could be adversely affected
by general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets, including conditions that are outside of our control
and the impact of health and safety concerns, such as those relating to the current coronavirus pandemic COVID-19 ). The
recent global financial crisis in connection with COVID-19 has caused extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets.
A severe or prolonged economic downturn could result in a variety of risks to our business, including our ability to raise additional
capital when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. Any of the foregoing could harm our business and we cannot anticipate all the ways
in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 

11 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

An active trading market for our common
stock may not be sustained. 

Although our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq
Capital Market, the market for our shares has demonstrated varying levels of trading activity. Furthermore, the current level of trading
may not be sustained in the future. The lack of an active market for our common stock may impair investors ability to sell their
shares at the time they wish to sell them or at a price that they consider reasonable, may reduce the fair market value of their shares
and may impair our ability to raise capital to continue to fund operations by selling shares and may impair our ability to acquire additional
intellectual property assets by using our shares as consideration. 

We may acquire other companies or technologies,
which could divert our management s attention, result in dilution to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations and adversely
affect our operating results. 

We may in the future seek to acquire or invest
in businesses, applications and services or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our services, enhance our technical
capabilities, or otherwise offer growth opportunities. The pursuit of potential acquisitions may divert the attention of management and
cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating, and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not they are consummated. 

In addition, we do not have any experience in acquiring
other businesses. If we acquire additional businesses, we may not be able to integrate the acquired personnel, operations and technologies
successfully, or effectively manage the combined business following the acquisition. We also may not achieve the anticipated benefits
from the acquired business due to several factors, including: 

inability to integrate or benefit from acquired technologies or services in a profitable manner; 

unanticipated costs or liabilities associated with the acquisition; 

difficulty integrating the accounting systems, operations and personnel of the acquired business; 

difficulties and additional expenses associated with supporting legacy products and hosting infrastructure of the acquired business; 

difficulty converting the Customers of the acquired business onto our platform and contract terms, including disparities in the revenue, licensing, support or professional services model of the acquired company; 

diversion of management s attention from other business concerns; 

adverse effects to our existing business relationships with business partners and Customers because of the acquisition; 

the potential loss of key employees; 

use of resources that are needed in other parts of our business; and 

use of substantial portions of our available cash to consummate the acquisition. 

In addition, a significant portion of the purchase
price of companies we acquire may be allocated to acquired goodwill and other intangible assets, which must be assessed for impairment
at least annually. In the future, if our acquisitions do not yield expected returns, we may be required to take charges to our operating
results based on this impairment assessment process, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

12 

Acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances
of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, if an acquired business
fails to meet our expectations, our operating results, business and financial position may suffer. 

Market and economic conditions may negatively
impact our business, financial condition and share price. 

Concerns over inflation, energy costs, geopolitical
issues, the U.S. mortgage market and a declining real estate market, unstable global credit markets and financial conditions, and volatile
oil prices have led to periods of significant economic instability, diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer
confidence and discretionary spending, diminished expectations for the global economy and expectations of slower global economic growth
going forward, increased unemployment rates, and increased credit defaults in recent years. Our general business strategy may be adversely
affected by any such economic downturns, volatile business environments and continued unstable or unpredictable economic and market conditions.
If these conditions continue to deteriorate or do not improve, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to complete,
more costly, and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material
adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance, and share price and could require us to delay or abandon development or
commercialization plans. 

Future sales and issuances of our securities
could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our shareholders and could cause our share price to fall. 

We expect that significant additional capital
will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations, including research and development, increased marketing, hiring new personnel,
commercializing our products, and continuing activities as an operating public company. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing
equity securities, our shareholders may experience substantial dilution. We may sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity
securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner, we determine from time to time. If we sell common stock, convertible
securities or other equity securities in more than one transaction, investors may be materially diluted by subsequent sales. Such sales
may also result in material dilution to our existing shareholders, and new investors could gain rights superior to our existing shareholders. 

We do not intend to pay cash dividends on
our shares of common stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our shares. 

We currently anticipate that we will retain future
earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for
the foreseeable future. Any return to shareholders will therefore be limited to the increase, if any, of our share price. 

We are an emerging growth company 
and can avail ourselves of reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, which could make our common stock
less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and we have elected to take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. In addition, pursuant to Section 107 of the JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company we have elected to take
advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act, for complying with new or revised
accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards
until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies
that comply with public company effective dates. 

13 

We may be at risk of securities class action
litigation. 

We may be at risk of securities class action litigation.
In the past, small-cap issuers have experienced significant stock price volatility, particularly when associated with regulatory requirements
by governmental authorities, which our industry now increasingly faces. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs
and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business and result in a decline in the market price
of our common stock. 

The Nasdaq Capital Market may delist our
securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject
us to additional trading restrictions. 

Although we expect to meet the Nasdaq Capital
Market s continued listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on the Nasdaq
Capital Market in the future. In order to continue to have our securities listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market, we must maintain and comply
with certain standards including, but not limited to, standards relating to corporate governance, stockholders equity and market
value of listed securities. If we are unable to comply with the continued listing requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market our securities
may be delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market. If our securities are delisted from the Nasdaq Capital Market, we could face significant
adverse consequences including, but not limited to: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our Company; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

Financial reporting obligations of being
a public company in the United States are expensive and time-consuming, and our management will be required to devote substantial time
to compliance matters. 

As a publicly traded company, we incur significant
additional legal, accounting, and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The obligations of being a public company
in the United States require significant expenditures and will place significant demands on our management and other personnel, including
costs resulting from public company reporting obligations under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations regarding corporate governance
practices, including those under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act, and the listing requirements of the stock exchange on which our securities are listed. These rules require the establishment
and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and procedures, internal control over financial reporting and changes in
corporate governance practices, among many other complex rules that are often difficult to implement, monitor and maintain compliance
with. Moreover, despite recent reforms made possible by the JOBS Act, the reporting requirements, rules, and regulations will make some
activities more time-consuming and costly, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. Our management
and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements and to keep pace with
new regulations, otherwise we may fall out of compliance and risk becoming subject to litigation or being delisted, among other potential
problems. 

14 

Our principal stockholders and management
own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 

Our directors, executive officers and each of
our stockholders who owned greater than 5 of our outstanding Common Stock beneficially, as of June 30, 2023, own approximately 37 of
our common stock. Accordingly, these stockholders have and will continue to have significant influence over the outcome of corporate actions
requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, a merger, the consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all
of our assets or any other significant corporate transaction. The interests of these stockholders may not be the same as or may even conflict
with our other investors interests. For example, these stockholders could delay or prevent a change in control of us, even if such
a change in control would benefit our other stockholders, which could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium
for their Common Stock as part of a sale of the Company or our assets. The significant concentration of stock ownership may negatively
impact the value of our Common Stock due to potential investors perception that conflicts of interest may exist or arise. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides
that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between the
Company and its stockholders, which could limit stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with the
Company or its directors, officers, or employees. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that
unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive
forum for: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a
fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (iii)
any action asserting a claim against the Company, its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware
General Corporation Law (the DGCL or our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting
a claim against the Company, its directors, officers, employees or agents governed by the internal affairs doctrine, except for, as to
each of (i) through (iv) above, any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject
to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of
Chancery within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the
Court of Chancery, or for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. This exclusive forum provision would
not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or any other claim for which
the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. To the extent that any such claims may be based upon federal law claims, Section 27 of
the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange
Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal
and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent
jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the
rules and regulations thereunder. However, our certificate of incorporation contains a federal forum provision which provides that unless
the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America
will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Any person
or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation are deemed to have notice of and
consented to this provision. The Supreme Court of Delaware has held that this type of exclusive federal forum provision is enforceable.
There may be uncertainty, however, as to whether courts of other jurisdictions would enforce such provision, if applicable. 

These choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers or other
employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against the Company and its directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a
court were to find our choice of forum provisions contained in either our certificate of incorporation or bylaws to be inapplicable or
unenforceable in an action, the Company may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which
could harm its business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

15 

Certain provisions of our certificate of
incorporation and Delaware law make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us and make a takeover more difficult to complete,
even if such a transaction were in stockholders interest. 

Our certificate of incorporation and the Delaware
General Corporation Law contain certain provisions that may have the effect of making it more difficult or delaying attempts by others
to obtain control of our Company, even when these attempts may be in the best interests of our stockholders. We also are subject to the
anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits us from engaging in a business combination 
with an interested stockholder unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner and prohibits the voting
of shares held by persons acquiring certain numbers of shares without obtaining requisite approval. The statutes and our certificate of
incorporation have the effect of making it more difficult to effect a change in control of our Company. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our corporate headquarters are located at 607
Shelby Street, Suite 700 PMB 214, Detroit, Michigan 48226. The lease term for our office and laboratory space in Ann Arbor, Michigan commenced
in November 2017 with an expiration date of May 5, 2019 (the Ann Arbor Lease ). In March 2019, the Ann Arbor Lease was extended
through May 2022 with monthly payments of 7,942 through May 2022. In May 2020, we terminated the Ann Arbor Lease and began operating
remotely with no further lease obligations. 

We believe that our existing remote environment
is adequate for our current needs. We believe that suitable additional or alternative space will be available in the future on commercially
reasonable terms. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may be involved in certain
claims and litigation arising out of the ordinary course and conduct of business. Management assesses such claims and, if it considers
that it is probable that an asset had been impaired or a liability had been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated,
provisions for loss are made based on management s assessment of the most likely outcome. We are not currently a party to or aware
of any proceedings that we believe will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

16 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is trading on the Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol AMST. 

Shareholders 

As of September 21, 2023, there were approximately
40 stockholders of record of our common stock. Because many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on
behalf of stockholders, this number is not representative of the total number of beneficial owners of our stock. On September 21, 2023,
the closing price of our common stock was 2.55. 

Dividends 

We have never paid or declared any cash dividends
on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain
all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and expansion of our business. Any future determination to pay dividends
will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon a number of factors, including our results of operations, financial
condition, future prospects, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our Board of Directors
deems relevant. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, 999 options
to purchase common stock were issued to employees under our 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. 

On July 12, 2022, the Company issued 10,417 shares
of its common stock totaling approximately 61,250 in value to various consultants in exchange for strategic investor relations services.
These shares vested immediately upon issuance. 

In connection with the Company s September
2022 public offering of 348,485 shares of common stock, in a concurrent private placement, the Company issued warrants to purchase an
aggregate of 348,485 shares of common stock. The warrants were issued pursuant to an exemption provided in Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities
Act and Rule 506(b) promulgated thereunder. 

On December 20, 2022, the Company issued 3,667
shares of its common stock totaling approximately 10,560 in value to various consultants in exchange for strategic investor relations
services. These shares vested immediately upon issuance. 

Also, during the year ended June 30, 2023, 14,083
shares of common stock were issued to consultants. 

The foregoing issuances were exempt from registration under Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED]. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the
perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect
our future results. You should read the following discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in conjunction
with our financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical
information, the following discussion and analysis includes forward-looking information that involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions.
Our actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements because
of many factors, including those discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. See Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

17 

Overview 

The following discussion highlights our results
of operations and the principal factors that have affected our financial condition as well as our liquidity and capital resources for
the twelve months ended June 30, 2023 and provides information that management believes is relevant for an assessment and understanding
of the statements of financial condition and results of operations presented herein. The following discussion and analysis are based on
our audited financial statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which we have prepared in accordance with United States
generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. You should read the discussion and analysis together with such financial statements
and the related notes thereto. 

On February 15, 2023, the Company held a special
meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting ). At the Special Meeting, the stockholders also approved a proposal to amend
the Company s certificate of incorporation to effect a reverse split of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock,
par value 0.0001 at a specific ratio within a range of one-for five (1-for-5) to a maximum of one-for-fifty (1-for-50) to be determined
by the Company s board of directors in its sole discretion. 

Following the Special Meeting, the board of directors
approved a one-for-twelve (1-for-12) reverse split of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock (the Reverse
Stock Split ). On February 21, 2023, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a certificate of amendment
to its certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Amendment to affect the Reverse Stock Split. The Reverse Stock
Split became effective as of 4:01 p.m. Eastern Time on February 21, 2023, and the Company s common stock began trading on a split-adjusted
basis when the Nasdaq Stock Market opened on February 22, 2023. 

The Reverse Stock Split did not change the par
value of the Company's common stock. Any fractional shares of common stock resulting from the Reverse Stock Split were rounded up to the
nearest whole post-Reverse Stock Split share. All outstanding securities entitling their holders to acquire shares of common stock were
adjusted as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. All common share and per share data are retrospectively restated to give effect to the
Reverse Stock Split for all periods presented herein. 

We are not currently profitable, and we cannot
provide any assurance that we will ever be profitable. We incurred a net loss of (4,153,303) for the twelve months ended June 30, 2023,
and we incurred a net loss of (33,449,021) for the period from November 14, 2017 (date of incorporation) to June 30, 2023. 

Basis of Presentation 

The financial statements contained herein have
been prepared in accordance with GAAP and the requirements of the SEC. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant Judgments and Estimates 

This management s discussion and analysis
of financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S.
GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts
of revenue and expenses during the reported period. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we base our estimates on historical experience and on
various other assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates if conditions
differ from our assumptions. While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 in the Notes to Financial
Statements, we believe the following accounting policies are critical to the process of making significant judgments and estimates
in preparation of our financial statements. 

18 

Internally-Developed Capitalized Software 

We capitalize certain costs related to internal-use
software, primarily consisting of direct labor and third-party vendor costs associated with creating the software. Software development
projects generally include three stages: the preliminary project stage (all costs are expensed as incurred), the application development
stage (certain costs are capitalized and certain costs are expensed as incurred) and the post-implementation/operation stage (all costs
are expensed as incurred). Costs capitalized in the application development stage include costs related to the design and implementation
of the selected software components, software build and configuration infrastructure, and software interfaces. Capitalization of costs
requires judgment in determining when a project has reached the application development stage, the proportion of time spent in the application
development stage, and the period over which we expect to benefit from the use of that software. Once the software is placed in service,
these costs are amortized on the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software, which is generally three years. 

Stock-Based Compensation 

We have issued three types of stock-based awards
under our stock plans: stock options, restricted stock units and stock warrants. All stock-based awards granted to employees, directors
and independent contractors are measured at fair value at each grant date. We rely on the Black-Scholes option pricing model for estimating
the fair value of stock-based awards granted, and expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s stock
prices. Stock options generally vest over two years from the grant date and generally have ten-year contractual terms. Restricted stock
units generally have a term of 12 months from the closing date of the agreement. Stock warrants issued have a term of five years. Information
about the assumptions used in the calculation of stock-based compensation expense is set forth in Notes 4 and 6 in the Notes to Financial
Statements. 

Revenue Recognition 

We generate substantially all our revenue from
contractual arrangements with our Customers to provide a comprehensive platform of tightly integrated technology and technology enabled
services related to product offerings. Revenue related to our licensing arrangements is generally recognized ratably over the contract
term commencing upon platform delivery. Revenue related to licensing arrangements recognized in a given time period will consist of contracts
that went live in the current period or that went live in previous periods and are currently ongoing. 

Performance Obligations and Timing of Recognition 

A performance obligation is a promise in a contract
to transfer a distinct good or service to the Customer. A contract s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance
obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. 

We derive revenue from annual licensing arrangements,
including maintenance fees, setup fees and other fees for course development and miscellaneous items. Our contracts with Customers typically
have a term of at least one year and have at least a single performance obligation. The promises to set up and provide a hosted platform
of tightly integrated technology and services partners need to attract, enroll, educate, and support learners are not distinct within
the context of the contracts. This performance obligation is satisfied as the partners receive and consume benefits, which occurs ratably
over the contract term. 

We routinely provide professional services, such
as custom development, non-complex implementation activities, training, and other various professional services. We evaluate these services
to determine if they are distinct and separately identifiable in the context of the contract. In our contracts with Customers that contain
multiple performance obligations because of this assessment, we allocate the transaction price to each separate performance obligation
on a relative standalone selling price basis. Standalone selling prices of our solutions and services are typically estimated based on
observable transactions when the solutions or services are sold on a standalone basis. When standalone selling prices are not observable,
we utilize a cost-plus margin approach to allocate the transaction price. 

19 

We do not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance
obligations because the consideration is allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied promise to transfer a service that forms part of a
single performance obligation (i.e., consideration received is based on the level of product offerings, which is unknown in advance).
During the year ended June 30, 2023, five Customers comprised approximately 84 of total revenue. During the year ended June 30,
2022, three Customers comprised approximately 69 of total revenue. 

We also receive fees that are fixed in nature,
such as annual license and maintenance charges. The fees are independent of the number of students that are enrolled in courses with our
Customers and are allocated to and recognized ratably over the service period of the contract that the Company s platform is made
available to the Customer (i.e., the Customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefit of the software over the contract service
period). 

The following factors affect the nature, amount,
timing, and uncertainty of our revenue and cash flows: 

The majority of our Customers are private and public learning institutions across various domestic regions 

The majority of our Customers have annual payment terms 

Accounts Receivable, Contract Assets and Liabilities 

Balance sheet items related to contracts consist
of accounts receivable (net) and contract liabilities on our balance sheets. Accounts receivable (net) is stated at net realizable value,
and we utilize the allowance method to provide for doubtful accounts based on management s evaluation of the collectability of the
amounts due. Our estimates are reviewed and revised periodically based on historical collection experience and a review of the current
status of accounts receivable. Historically, actual write-offs for uncollectible accounts have not significantly differed from prior estimates.
There was no allowance for doubtful accounts on accounts receivable balances as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

We may recognize revenue prior to billing a Customer
when we have satisfied or partially satisfied our performance obligations as billings to our Customers may not be made until after the
service period has commenced. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, we do not have any contract assets. 

Contract liabilities as of each balance sheet
date represent the excess of amounts billed or received as compared to amounts recognized in revenue on our statements of operations as
of the end of the reporting period, and such amounts are reflected as a current liability on our balance sheets as deferred revenue. We
generally receive payments prior to completion of the service period and our performance obligations. These payments are recorded as deferred
revenue until the services are delivered or until our obligations are otherwise met, at which time revenue is recognized. 

Some contracts also involve annual license fees,
for which upfront amounts are received from Customers. In these contracts, the license fees received in advance of the platform s
launch are recorded as contract liabilities. 

Results of Operations 

Revenue 

We generated revenues of 845,009 for the year
ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 697,001 for the year ended June 30, 2022. Revenue growth compared to prior year for the twelve months
ended June 30, 2022 was primarily driven by growth in the sale of annual license fees and associated implementation and customization
services. 

General and Administrative 

General and administrative expenses consist primarily
of personnel and personnel-related expenses, including executive management, legal, finance, human resources and other departments that
do not provide direct operational services. General and administrative expenses also include professional fees and other corporate expense. 

General and administrative expenses for the year
ended June 30, 2023, were 2,492,777 as compared to 5,183,863 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease of 2,691,086 is primarily
due to savings in the areas of employee payroll, legal and audit, and insurance. 

20 

Technology and Content Development 

Technology and content development expenses consist
primarily of personnel and personnel-related expenses and contracted services associated with the ongoing improvement and maintenance
of our platform as well as hosting and licensing costs. Technology and content expenses also include the amortization of capitalized software
costs. 

 Technology and content development expenses for
the year ended June 30, 2023, were 1,523,547 as compared to 3,059,962 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease of 1,536,415 is
primarily due to savings in employee payroll and contracted programming. 

Sales and Marketing 

Sales and marketing expense consist primarily
of activities to attract Customers to our offerings. This includes personnel and personnel-related expenses, various search engine and
social media costs as well as the cost of advertising. 

Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended
June 30, 2023 were 1,053,193 as compared to 1,509,694 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease of 456,501 is primarily due to
savings with outside vendors. 

Interest Income 

For the year ended June 30, 2023, interest income
totaled 72,824 as compared to interest income of 9,230 for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Interest Expense. 

Interest expense amounted to 1,619 for the year ended
June 30, 2023 as compared to interest expense (including amortization of issuance costs) of 12,635 for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Net Loss 

Our net loss for the year ended June 30, 2023
was 4,153,303 as compared to a net loss for the year ended June 30, 2022 of 9,059,923. The loss was substantially lower during the year
ended June 30, 2023 compared to 2022 as a result of the savings discussed above. 

Capital Expenditures 

During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022,
we had capital asset additions of 396,033 and 616,235, respectively, which were comprised of 368,909 and 599,660 respectively, in
capitalized technology and content development, and 27,124 and 16,575, respectively, of property and equipment, including primarily
computer equipment and software. We will continue to capitalize significant software development costs, comprised primarily of internal
payroll, payroll related and contractor costs, as we build out and complete our technology platforms. 

Financial Position, Liquidity, and Capital
Resources 

Overview 

We are not currently profitable, and we cannot
provide any assurance that we will ever be profitable, as indicated by our losses noted above. 

During the period from November 14, 2017 (date
of incorporation) to September 30, 2020, we raised net proceeds of approximately 11,760,000 from private placement financing transactions
(stock and debt). On September 25, 2020, we completed the Offering of 250,000 shares of its common stock, 0.0001 par value per share,
at an offering price of 60.00 per share (total net proceeds of approximately 12.8 million after underwriting discounts, commissions,
and other offering costs). 

21 

On August 2, 2021, we entered into a purchase
agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln Park ), under which, subject
to specified terms and conditions, we may sell up to 16.5 million of shares of common stock. Our net proceeds under the Purchase Agreement
will depend on the frequency of sales and the number of shares sold to Lincoln Park and the prices at which we sell shares to Lincoln
Park. On August 2, 2021, we sold 63,260 shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park in an initial purchase under the Purchase Agreement
for a total purchase price of 1,500,000. We also issued 12,726 shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park as consideration for its irrevocable
commitment to purchase our common stock under the Purchase Agreement. 

On February 16, 2022, we closed on an offering
of common stock and received approximately 2.51 million of cash proceeds, net of underwriting discounts, commissions, and other offering
costs (Note 4 to the Financial Statements). 

On September 1, 2022, we closed a public offering
of 348,485 shares of common stock and a concurrent private placement of warrants to purchase 348,485 shares of common stock at a combined
purchase price of 6.60 per share. The net proceeds to the Company were approximately 1.85 million. 

 As of June 30, 2023, our cash balance totaled
 5.36 million. 

The Company is developing its Customer base and
has not completed its efforts to establish a stabilized source of revenue sufficient to cover its expenses. The Company has had a history
of net losses and negative cash flows from operating activities since inception and expects to continue to incur net losses and use cash
in its operations in the foreseeable future. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We did not have during the periods presented,
nor do we currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined under applicable SEC rules. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The Company is not required to provide the information
required by this Item as it is a smaller reporting company. 

22 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. F-2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. F-3 Balance Sheets F-4 Statements of Operations F-5 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity F-6 Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

Amesite Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Amesite Inc. as of June 30, 2023, and the related statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year
then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Amesite Inc. as of June 30, 2023, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the entity s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to Amesite Inc. in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Amesite Inc. is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ . 

We have served as Amesite Inc.'s auditor since 2023. 

October 6, 2023 

F- 2 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Amesite Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited, before the effects of the adjustments to retrospectively
apply the reverse stock split discussed in Note 4 to the financial statements, the balance sheet of Amesite Inc. (the "Company")
as of June 30, 2022, the related statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows, for the year then ended, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements") (the 2022 financial statements before the retrospective
effects of the reverse stock split discussed in Note 4 to the financial statements are not presented herein). In our opinion, the 2022
financial statements, before the effects of the adjustments to retrospectively apply the reverse stock split discussed in Note 4 to the
financial statements, present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2022, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

We were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any procedures to the
adjustments to retrospectively apply the reverse stock split discussed in Note 4 to the financial statements, and accordingly, we do not
express an opinion or any other form of assurance about whether such retrospective adjustments are appropriate and have been properly
applied. Those retrospective adjustments were audited by other auditors. 

Going Concern 

The 2022 financial statements of the Company were prepared assuming
that the Company would continue as a going concern. As of the date of the issuance of the 2022 financial statements, the Company had a
history of net losses and negative cash flows from operating activities since inception, and expected to continue to incur net losses
and use cash in its operations in the foreseeable future. The resulting net losses and negative cash flows from operating activities raised
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern as of the date of issuance of the 2022 financial statements.
The 2022 financial statements did not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect
to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

September 28, 2022 

We began serving as the Company s auditor in 2017. In 2022,
we became the predecessor auditor. 

F- 3 

Amesite Inc. 

Balance
Sheets 

June 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2022 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Noncurrent Assets 

Property and equipment - net 

Capitalized software - net 

Total noncurrent assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued and other current liabilities: 

Accrued compensation 

Deferred revenue 

Other accrued liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Stockholders equity 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated earnings deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 4 

Amesite Inc. 
 
 Statements
of Operations 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net Revenue 

Operating Expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Technology and content development 

Sales and marketing 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other Income (Expense) 

Interest Income 

Other Expense 

Total other income (expense) 

Net Loss 

Earnings per Share 

Basic and diluted loss per share

Weighted average shares outstanding 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 5 

Amesite Inc. 
 
 Statement of Stockholder s Equity 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance July 1, 2021 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for consulting services 

-

Issuance of common stock - net 

-

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -

-

Balance - June 30, 2022 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for consulting services 

-

Issuance of common stock - net 

-

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -

-

Balance - June 30, 2023 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 6 

Amesite Inc. 
 
 Statements
of Cash Flows 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

June 30, 
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Value of common stock issued in exchange for consulting services 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities which used cash: 

Accounts Receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation 

Deferred revenue 

Accrued and other liabilities 

Net cash and cash equivalents (used) in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Investment in capitalized software 

Net cash and cash equivalents (used) in investing activities 

Cash flows from Financing Activities 

Issuance
 of common stock - net of issuance costs 

Net cash and cash equivalents provided by financing activity 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 

See accompanying Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 7 

Amesite Inc. 
 
 Notes
 to Financial Statements 

June 30, 2023 and 2022 

segment. 

In the prior year's financial statements,
management disclosed conditions that raised substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Since then,
significant changes have occurred in the Company's financial position and operations that have mitigated these concerns. 

Additional Financing: Subsequent to
the year-end, the Company successfully secured additional financing, thereby strengthening its liquidity position and ensuring the availability
of necessary resources to meet both its short-term and long-term obligations. 

Expense Reduction: Concurrently, the
Company undertook a rigorous review of its operating structure and has implemented strategic expense reduction initiatives. These initiatives
have resulted in a significant decrease in our operational expenses, further enhancing the Company's financial stability and outlook. 

Based on these developments and the
current financial position, management believes the conditions that raised substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as
a going concern have been alleviated. As a result, management no longer has substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue
as a going concern for the foreseeable future. 

F- 8 

. 

in relation to its credit card facility at June 30, 2023. This balance is held as security and is a condition of
our credit card agreement with the bank. Consequently, while this amount is included in the total cash and cash equivalents reported
on the balance sheet, it is not readily available for general corporate use until the credit card obligation is fulfilled or the
agreement is otherwise modified. 

Furniture and fixtures 
 
 years 

Computer equipment and software 
 
 years 

F- 9 

Additions 

Total cost 

Accumulated amortization 

Closing balance 

and , respectively and included as part of Technology and content development 
in the Statements of Operations. 

FY2025 

FY2026 

Total 

and , respectively, of which and , respectively, related to services transferred at a point in time
and the remainder related to services provided over time. 

F- 10 

of total revenue. During the year ended June
30, 2022, three Customers comprised approximately of total revenue. 

University 

K-12 
 - 

Total 

F- 11 

Billings 

Less revenue recognized from continuing operations 

Closing balance 

and , respectively. 

and potentially
dilutive shares of common stock related to common stock options and warrants, respectively, as determined using the if-converted method.
For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the dilutive effect of common stock options and common stock warrants has not been included
in the average shares outstanding for the calculation of net loss per share as the effect would be anti-dilutive as a result of our net
losses in these years. 

. Information about the assumptions used in the calculation of stock-based compensation expense is set forth in Notes
4 and 6 in the Notes to Financial Statements. 

F- 12 

Computer equipment 

Total cost 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Closing balance 

Depreciation expense for the years
ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively and included as part of General and administrative expenses 
in the Statements of Operations. 

par value. shares
have been authorized while no shares have been issued or are outstanding. 

On February 15, 2023, the Company held a special
meeting of stockholders (the Special Meeting ). At the Special Meeting, the stockholders also approved a proposal to amend
the Company s certificate of incorporation to effect a reverse split of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock,
par value at a specific ratio within a range of one-for five (1-for-5) to a maximum of one-for-fifty (1-for-50) to be determined
by the Company s board of directors in its sole discretion. 

Following the Special Meeting, the board of directors
approved a one-for-twelve (1-for-12) reverse split of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock (the Reverse
Stock Split ). On February 21, 2023, the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a certificate of amendment
to its certificate of incorporation (the Certificate of Amendment to affect the Reverse Stock Split. The Reverse Stock
Split became effective as of 4:01 p.m. Eastern Time on February 21, 2023, and the Company s common stock began trading on a split-adjusted
basis when the Nasdaq Stock Market opened on February 22, 2023. 

The Reverse Stock Split did not change the par
value of the Company's common stock. Any fractional shares of common stock resulting from the Reverse Stock Split were rounded up to the
nearest whole post-Reverse Stock Split share. All outstanding securities entitling their holders to acquire shares of common stock were
adjusted as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. All common share and per share data are retrospectively restated to give effect to the
Reverse Stock Split for all periods presented herein. 

 On August 2, 2021, the Company entered into a
purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln Park ), under which,
subject to specified terms and conditions, the Company may sell to Lincoln Park up to million worth of common stock, par value 
per share, from time to time during the term of the Purchase Agreement, which ended on August 2, 2023. No shares were sold as part of
this agreement. 

F- 13 

of the amount of the Initial Purchase,
(ii) of the amount of a one-time share request up to Tranche Purchase ), if any, and (iii) of up to the
next (or up to if the Tranche Purchase is not exercised). 

Upon entering into the Purchase Agreement,
the Company sold shares of common stock to Lincoln Park as an initial purchase for a total purchase price of (the Initial
Purchase ). The Company received net proceeds from the Initial Purchase of after the payment of the Introductory Fee
and offering costs. As consideration for Lincoln Park s commitment to purchase up to million of shares of common stock under
the Purchase Agreement, the Company issued shares of common stock to Lincoln Park. If Lincoln Park is requested to purchase additional
shares during the term of the Purchase Agreement, the requested shares, Regular Purchase ), are limited based on the current
share price of the Company s common stock. If the average price is below per share, the Company is limited to issuing 
shares per request; if the share price is between and per share, the limit is shares per request, if the share price
is between and , the limit is shares per request, and if the share price is above , the limit is shares
per request. Requests for purchases are permitted daily as long as the Company s stock price is above per share. The price
for such regular purchases will be the lower of: (i) the lowest closing price of the Company s common stock on the purchase date
for such Regular Purchase and (ii) the arithmetic average of the three (3) lowest closing prices of the Company s common stock during
the ten (10) consecutive business days immediately preceding. Additionally, the Company may instruct Lincoln Park to purchase additional
shares of common stock that exceed the Regular Purchase limits Accelerated Purchase ). If the Company requests Lincoln Park
to make an Accelerated Purchase, the price per share is discounted from average historical closing prices. No additional shares were sold
to Lincoln Park in the year ended June 30, 2023. 

 The Company evaluated the contract
that includes the right to require Lincoln Park to purchase additional shares of common stock in the future put right considering the guidance in ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts on an Entity s Own Equity ASC
815-40 and concluded that it is an equity-linked contract that does not qualify for equity classification, and therefore requires
fair value accounting. The Company has analyzed the terms of the put right and has concluded that it has no value as of June 30, 2023
and June 30, 2022. 

On October 19, 2021 and December 2,
2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock totaling approximately and shares of its common stock totaling approximately
 in value, respectively, to various consulting firms in exchange for strategic investor relations services. These shares vested
immediately upon issuance. During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022, the Company issued shares of its common stock totaling
approximately in value, respectively, to a consulting firm in exchange for strategic advisory and digital marketing services.
These shares vested immediately upon issuance. 

On February 11, 2022, the Company entered
into an underwriting agreement with Laidlaw, as representative of the several underwriters, to issue and sell up to shares of
the Company s common stock, at a public offering price of per share. On February 14, 2022, the Company entered into an amended
and restated underwriting agreement in order to increase the number of shares sold in the offering to . On February 16, 2022, the
Company closed the offering, and sold shares of common stock to Laidlaw for total gross proceeds of .
After deducting the underwriting commission and expenses, the Company received net proceeds of approximately . In connection
with the offering, the Company issued five (5) year warrants to the underwriter to purchase common shares at an exercise price
of . 

The Company measures the warrants using
the BSM to estimate their fair value. The fair value of the warrants issued in connection with the offering was approximately 
based on the following inputs and assumptions using the BSM: (i) expected stock price volatility of ; (ii) risk free interest rate
of ; and (iii) expected life of the warrants of years. The warrants were fully vested on the date of grant and are included in
offering costs in the Statement of Stockholders Equity. 

On July 12, 2022, the Company issued of its common
stock totaling in value to a consulting firm in exchange for strategic advisory and digital marketing services. These shares
vested immediately upon issuance. 

On September 1, 2022, the Company sold shares of
common stock for approximately million, net of financing fees and expenses, and in a concurrent private placement, warrants to purchase
an aggregate of shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. The fair value of the warrants
issued was approximately based on the following inputs and assumptions using the BSM: (i) expected stock price volatility
of ; (ii) risk free interest rate of ; and (iii) expected life of the warrants of years. 

In connection with the offering, the Company issued five (5) year warrants
to the underwriter to purchase shares of common stock at an exercise price of per share. The fair value of
the warrants issued in connection with the offering was approximately based on the following inputs and assumptions using
the BSM: (i) expected stock price volatility of ; (ii) risk free interest rate of ; and (iii) expected life of the
warrants of years. The warrants were fully vested on the date of grant and are included in offering costs. 

F- 14 

and warrants outstanding, respectively. During the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the Company
issued and common stock warrants, respectively, to a placement agent related to fundraising and other advisory services.
The warrants are fully vested, have a term of years from closing date of the private placements and an exercise price of and 
per share respectively (see Note 4 for additional terms of the warrants). 

Granted 

Outstanding at June 30, 2022 

Granted 

Outstanding at June 30, 2023 

and , respectively, based on the following inputs and assumptions below. 

Risk-free rate (percent) 

Expected term (in years) 

shares
of common stock to be available for granting under the Plan. 

The Company estimates the fair value of
each option award using a BSM that uses the weighted average assumptions included in the table below. Expected volatilities used in the
BSM assumptions are based on historical volatility of the Company s stock prices. The expected term of stock options granted has
been estimated using the simplified method because the Company is generally unable to rely on its limited historical exercise data or
alternative information as a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term of such options. The risk-free rate for periods
within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The Company has not
paid any dividends on common stock since its inception and does not anticipate paying dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable
future. When calculating the amount of annual compensation expense, the Company has elected not to estimate forfeitures and instead accounts
for forfeitures as they occur. 

F- 15 

Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 
 Dividend yield 

Granted 

Terminated 

Outstanding and expected to vest at June 30, 2022 

Granted 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Terminated 

Outstanding and expected to vest at June 30, 2023 

The weighted-average grant-date fair value
of options granted during the year ended June 30, 2022 was . The options contained time-based vesting conditions satisfied over
one to ten years from the grant date. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued options. During the year ended June
30, 2023 and 2022, no options were exercised, and and options were terminated. 

On September 28, 2021, the Board approved
certain stock awards to its board members in the form of stock options and restricted stock. The stock option awards are expected to vest
ratably over twelve-month period from beginning September 28, 2021 through September 28, 2022. The restricted stock awards vested over
a twelve-month period beginning July 1, 2021 through June 30, 2022. The total approved compensation was in stock options and
 in restricted stock. The number of options was determined based on the fair value of the Company s share price as of the
date of grant. The Company determined that there will be of restricted shares issued upon vesting, based on the fair value of the
Company s share price on the grant date. 

Accordingly, related to the stock
option grants made to the board members, was recognized as stock-based compensation expense for the twelve months ended June 30, 2022.
The Company also recognized as stock-based compensation expense related to the restricted stock unit grants made to the board
members for the twelve months ended June 30, 2022 as part of general and administrative expenses. The cost related to the grants made
to board members is expected to be recognized through September of 2022. 

 For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized
 and , in expense related to the Plan, respectively. 
 As of June 30, 2023, there was approximately
 of total unrecognized compensation cost for employees and non-employees related to nonvested options. These costs are expected
to be recognized through March 2026. 

F- 16 

State income tax 

Change in valuation allowance 

Permanent differences 

Prior period adjustment 

-
 
 -

Stock-based compensation 

Capitalization of start-up costs for tax purposes 

Depreciation 

Accrued payroll 

Deferred revenues 

Charitable contributions 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Capitalized software 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

The Company has approximately million
of net operating loss carryforwards for federal and million for state, available to reduce future income taxes. Of the million
of federal net operating losses, approximately will expire in 2037 and the balance can be utilized indefinitely but will be limited
to utilization. The state net operating losses will begin to expire in 2027. Due to uncertainty as to the realization of the net
operating loss carryforwards and other deferred tax assets, as a result of the Company s limited operating history and operating
losses since inception, a full valuation allowance has been recorded against the Company s deferred tax assets. The Company does
not have any uncertain tax positions. The net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation as a result of a change
of ownership as defined under Internal Revenue Code Section 382. Tax years 2019-2022 remain open to examination for federal income tax
purposes and by other major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. 

F- 17 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We are required to maintain disclosure controls and
procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified
in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer (also our principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (also our principal financial
and accounting officer) to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Our management, with the participation of our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June
30, 2023. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of June 30,
2023. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company s
principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Because of its inherent limitations, a system of internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance
with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a
risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However,
these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process
safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

Our management, including our CEO and CFO, conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on the framework and criteria
established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission COSO ). 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. No material weaknesses
were identified. 

In the prior year, we identified certain material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the areas of risk assessment, control activities, and monitoring activities.
We have since taken significant measures to address and correct those deficiencies including formalizing our risk assessment process,
implementing revised control activities and control documentation, and strengthening process controls regarding ongoing monitoring activities
related to internal controls over financial reporting. 

Our CEO and CFO have evaluated the effectiveness of the company's internal
control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, they have concluded that
our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the period covered by this report, and that the previously
reported material weaknesses have been adequately addressed and remediated. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an
attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm on internal control over financial reporting due to an exemption
established by the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies . 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

23 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

The information required by this Item 10 will
be included in our definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after
the end of our fiscal year (the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required in response to this Item
11 will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The information required in response to this Item
12 will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

The information required in response to this Item
13 will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The information required in response to this Item
14 will be set forth in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) the following documents are filed as part of
this report 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: 

All financial statement schedules have
been omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the information required is shown in the financial statements or the notes
thereto. 

24 

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit 

Filed 
with this 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Title 
 
 Form 10-K 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Date Filed 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated April 26, 2018, by and among Lola One Acquisition Corporation, Lola One Acquisition Sub, Inc., and Amesite Inc. 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 2.1 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 2.2 
 
 Form of Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization, dated July 14, 2020, by and between Amesite Operating Company, a Delaware corporation, and Amesite Inc., a Delaware corporation 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 2.2 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Merger of Lola One Acquisition Sub, Inc. with and into Amesite OpCo (then known as Amesite Inc.) 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 3.1 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 3.2 
 
 Form of Certificate of Merger relating to the merger of Amesite Inc. with and into Amesite Operating Company, to be filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 3.2 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as currently in effect. 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 3.3 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 3.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Amesite Parent, as currently in effect. 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 3.4 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 3.5 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, to be in effect after the completion of the Reorganization. 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 3.5 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 3.6 
 
 Bylaws, as currently in effect. 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 3.6 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 3.7 
 
 Amended and restated Bylaws, to be in effect after the completion of the Reorganization. 

333-248001 
 
 3.7 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 3.8 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 

10-Q 

3.1 
 
 11/16/2020 
 
 3.9 
 
 Bylaws of the Registrant. 

10-Q 

3.2 
 
 11/16/2020 
 
 3.10 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series A Preferred Stock, dated January 13, 2023 

8-K 
 
 001-39533 

1/13/2023 
 
 3.11 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of Amesite Inc. dated February 16, 2023 

8-K 
 
 001-39533 
 
 3.1 
 
 2/21/2023 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Warrant 

001-39533 
 
 4.1 
 
 9/1/2022 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant 

001-39533 
 
 4.2 
 
 9/1/2022 
 
 4.3 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities 
 
 X 

10.1 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement. 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 10.1 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 10.2 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 14, 2020. 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 10.3 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 14, 2020. 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 10.4 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Purchase Agreement 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 10.5 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form of Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 10.6 
 
 9/4/2020 

25 

Exhibit 

Filed 
with this 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Title 
 
 Form 10-K 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Date Filed 
 
 10.7+ 
 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of award agreements thereunder, assumed in the Reorganization 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 10.7 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 10.8+ 
 
 2018 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of award agreements thereunder, assumed in the Reorganization. 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 10.8 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 10.9+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of November 14, 2017 by and between Amesite Operating Company and Ann Marie Sastry, Ph.D. 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 10.9 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 10.10 
 
 Lease Agreement dated as of November 13, 2017 by and between Amesite Operating Company and 205-207 East Washington, LLC. 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 10.10 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 10.11+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated as of April 27, 2018 by and between the Company and Ann Marie Sastry. 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 10.11 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 10.12+ 
 
 Executive Agreement, effective as of June 1, 2020, by and between the Company and Ann Marie Sastry. 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 10.12 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 10.13 
 
 Form of Lock-up Agreement 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 10.13 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 10.14 
 
 Consulting Agreement by between the Company and Richard DiBartolomeo 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 10.14 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 10.15+ 
 
 Employment Offer Letter, dated July 14, 2020, by and between the Company and Richard DiBartolomeo 

S-1 
 
 333-248001 
 
 10.15 
 
 9/4/2020 
 
 10.16+ 
 
 Kern Employment Letter, Dated January 31, 2021 

8-K 
 
 001-39533 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/4/2021 
 
 10.17 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2021, between Amesite, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC 

8-K 
 
 001-39533 
 
 10.1 
 
 8/6/2021 
 
 10.18 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2021, between Amesite, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC 

8-K 
 
 001-39533 
 
 10.2 
 
 8/6/2021 
 
 10.19 
 
 Form of Senior Indenture 

S-3 
 
 333-260666 
 
 4.2 
 
 11/1/2021 
 
 10.20 
 
 Form of Subordinated Indenture 

S-3 
 
 333-260666 
 
 4.3 
 
 11/1/2021 
 
 10.21 
 
 Corrao Employment Agreement, dated as of December 15, 2021 

8-K 
 
 001-39533 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/21/2021 
 
 10.22 
 
 Amended and Restated Underwriting Agreement, dated February 12, 2022, by and between the Company and Laidlaw Company (UK) Ltd., as representative of the several underwriters listed in Schedule I thereto. 

8-K 
 
 001-39533 
 
 1.1 
 
 2/16/2022 
 
 10.23 
 
 Form of Underwriter s Warrant 

8-K 

4.1 
 
 2/16/2022 
 
 10.24 
 
 Master Services Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2022, by and between the Company and NAFEO 

8-K 
 
 001-39533 
 
 1.1 
 
 8/29/2022 
 
 10.25 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 

8-K 
 
 001-39533 
 
 10.1 
 
 9/1/2022 
 
 10.26 
 
 Form of Placement Agency Agreement 

8-K 
 
 001-39533 
 
 10.2 
 
 9/1/2022 
 
 10.27 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement 

8-K 
 
 001-39533 
 
 10.3 
 
 9/1/2022 

26 

Exhibit 

Filed 
with this 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Title 
 
 Form 10-K 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Date Filed 

10.28+ 
 
 Farrell CFO Agreement 

8-K 
 
 001-39533 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/15/2022 
 
 10.29 
 
 Subscription and Investment Representation Agreement 

8-K 
 
 001-39533 
 
 10.1 
 
 1/13/2023 
 
 10.30+ 
 
 First Amendment to Amesite Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 

8-K 
 
 001-39533 
 
 10.1 
 
 2/21/2023 
 
 16.1 
 
 Letter from Deloitte Touche LLP dated February 2, 2023 

8-K 
 
 001-39533 
 
 16.1 
 
 2/2/2023 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 
 
 X 

23.2 
 
 Consent of Turner, Stone Company, L. L. P 
 
 X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 X 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 X 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC, certain schedules have been omitted. The registrant hereby agrees to furnish supplementally to the SEC, upon its request, any or all omitted schedules. 

Management contracts or compensation plans or arrangements in which directors or executive officers are eligible to participate. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

27 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

AMESITE INC. 

Date: October 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ann Marie Sastry 

Ann Marie Sastry, Ph.D. 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Ann Marie Sastry, Ph.D. 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, President 
and Chairman of the Board 
 
 October 6, 2023 
 
 Ann Marie Sastry, Ph.D. 
 
 Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Sherlyn W. Farrell 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 October 6, 2023 
 
 Sherlyn W. Farrell 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Anthony M. Barkett 
 
 Director 
 
 October 6, 2023 
 
 Anthony M. Barkett 

/s/ Barbie Brewer 
 
 Director 
 
 October 6, 2023 
 
 Barbie Brewer 

/s/ Michael Losh 
 
 Director 
 
 October 6, 2023 
 
 Michael Losh 

/s/ Richard T. Ogawa 
 
 Director 
 
 October 6, 2023 
 
 Richard T. Ogawa 

/s/ Gilbert S. Omenn, M.D., Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 October 6, 2023 
 
 Gilbert S. Omenn, M.D., Ph.D. 

/s/ George Parmer 
 
 Director 
 
 October 6, 2023 
 
 George Parmer 

28 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 f10k2023ex4-3_amesite.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.3 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As of June 30, 2023, Amesite, Inc. the
Company had one class of security registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ), its common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ). 

Common Stock 

The holders of shares of our common stock are
entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by our stockholders, provided, however, that, except as otherwise required
by law, holders of our common stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to our certificate of incorporation that relates solely
to the terms of one or more outstanding series of our preferred stock if the holders of such affected series of preferred stock are entitled,
either separately or together as a class with the holders of one or more other series of preferred stock, to vote thereon by law or pursuant
to our certificate of incorporation. There are no cumulative rights with respect to our common stock. Subject to preferences that may
be applicable to any outstanding preferred stock, the holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably any dividends
that may be declared from time to time by our board of directors out of funds legally available for that purpose. In the event of our
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining
after payment of liabilities, subject to prior distribution rights of preferred stock then outstanding. Our common stock has no preemptive
or conversion rights or other subscription rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock.
The outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and non-assessable, and any shares of our common stock to be issued upon an
offering pursuant to this prospectus will be fully paid and nonassessable upon issuance. 

We have never paid cash dividends on our common
stock. Moreover, we do not anticipate paying periodic cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any future determination
about the payment of dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our earnings, if any, capital
requirements, operating and financial conditions and on such other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. For a discussion
of provisions in our charter that would have an effect of delaying or preventing a change of control, see Anti-Takeover Effects
of Provisions of Our Charter Documents. 

Preferred Stock 

The following description of our preferred stock
and the description of the terms of any particular series of our preferred stock that we choose to issue are not complete. These descriptions
are qualified in their entirety by reference to our certificate of incorporation and a certificate of designation, if and when adopted
by our board of directors, relating to that series. The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the preferred stock of each
series will be fixed by the certificate of designation relating to that series. 

We currently have no shares of preferred stock
outstanding. Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of
preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon the preferred
stock. Any or all of these rights may be greater than the rights of our common stock. 

Our board of directors, without stockholder approval,
can issue preferred stock with voting, conversion or other rights that could negatively affect the voting power and other rights of the
holders of our common stock. Preferred stock could thus be issued quickly with terms calculated to delay or prevent a change in control
of us or make it more difficult to remove our management. Additionally, the issuance of preferred stock may have the effect of decreasing
the market price of our common stock. 

Our board of directors may specify the following
characteristics of any preferred stock, which may affect the rights of holders of our common stock: 

the annual dividend rate, if any, whether the dividend rate is fixed or variable, the date or dates on which dividends will accrue, the dividend payment dates, and whether dividends will be cumulative; 

the liquidation preference, if any, and any accumulated dividends upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of our affairs; 

the voting rights; and 

any or all other preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, privileges or qualifications, limitations or restrictions. 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Our Charter Documents 

Our certificate of incorporation provides for
our board of directors to be divided into three classes serving staggered terms. Approximately one-third of the board of directors will
be elected each year. The provision for a classified board could prevent a party who acquires control of a majority of our outstanding
voting stock from obtaining control of our board of directors until the second annual stockholders meeting following the date the acquirer
obtains the controlling stock interest. The classified board provision could discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer
or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us and could increase the likelihood that incumbent directors will retain their positions.
Our certificate of incorporation provides that directors may be removed with cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority
of the voting power of all of our outstanding stock or without cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 and 2/3 of
the voting power of all of our outstanding stock. 

Our certificate of incorporation provides that
certain amendments of our certificate of incorporation and amendments by our stockholders of our bylaws require the approval of at least
66 and 2/3 of the voting power of all of our outstanding stock. These provisions could discourage a potential acquirer from making a
tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company and could delay changes in management. 

Our certificate of incorporation also provides
that, unless we consent in writing to an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive
forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by
any of our directors, officers, employees or agents to us or our stockholders, any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision
of the General Corporation Law, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or any action asserting a claim that is governed by the
internal affairs doctrine, in each case subject to the Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named
as defendants therein and the claim not being one which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court
of Chancery or for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. This forum selection provision may limit our
stockholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that they find favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers,
employees or agents, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, employees and agents even though an action,
if successful, might benefit our stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the exclusive provision shall not preclude or contract the
scope of exclusive federal or concurrent jurisdiction for actions brought under the Exchange Act, or the Securities Act, or the respective
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Additionally, our certificate of incorporation
and bylaws provide that unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of
the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under
the Securities Act. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Company are
deemed to have notice of and consented to this provision. The Supreme Court of Delaware has
held that this type of exclusive federal forum provision is enforceable. There may be uncertainty, however, as to whether courts of other
jurisdictions would enforce such provision, if applicable. 

2 

Our bylaws establish an advance notice procedure
for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of our stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election
to our board of directors. At an annual meeting, stockholders may only consider proposals or nominations specified in the notice of meeting
or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of our board of directors. Stockholders may also consider a proposal or nomination
by a person who was a stockholder at the time of giving notice and at the time of the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting
and who has complied with the notice requirements of our bylaws in all respects. The bylaws do not give our board of directors the power
to approve or disapprove stockholder nominations of candidates or proposals regarding other business to be conducted at a special or annual
meeting of our stockholders. However, our bylaws may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the
proper procedures are not followed. These provisions may also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation
of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company. 

Our bylaws provide that a special meeting of our
stockholders may be called only by our Secretary and at the direction of our board of directors by resolution adopted by a majority of
our board of directors. Because our stockholders do not have the right to call a special meeting, a stockholder could not force stockholder
consideration of a proposal over the opposition of our board of directors by calling a special meeting of stockholders prior to such time
as a majority of our board of directors, the chairperson of our board of directors, the president or the chief executive officer believed
the matter should be considered or until the next annual meeting provided that the requestor met the notice requirements.
The restriction on the ability of stockholders to call a special meeting means that a proposal to replace our board of directors also
could be delayed until the next annual meeting. 

Our bylaws do not allow our stockholders to act
by written consent without a meeting. Without the availability of stockholder action by written consent, a holder controlling a majority
of our capital stock would not be able to amend our bylaws or remove directors without holding a stockholders meeting. 

Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law 

We are subject to the provisions of Section 203
of the General Corporation Law, or Section 203. Under Section 203, we would generally be prohibited from engaging in any business combination
with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the time that this stockholder became an interested stockholder
unless: 

prior to this time, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

at or subsequent to such time, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 and 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Under Section 203, a business combination 
includes: 

any merger or consolidation involving the corporation and the interested stockholder; 

any sale, transfer, pledge or other disposition of 10 or more of the assets of the corporation involving the interested stockholder; 

any transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation of any stock of the corporation to the interested stockholder, subject to limited exceptions; 

any transaction involving the corporation that has the effect of increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series of the corporation beneficially owned by the interested stockholder; or 

the receipt by the interested stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees, pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through the corporation. 

3 

In general, Section 203 defines an interested
stockholder as an entity or person beneficially owning 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or
person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by such entity or person. 

The provisions of Delaware law and our certificate
of incorporation and bylaws could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers and, as a consequence, they
may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our common stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover
attempts. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in management. It is possible that these provisions may make
it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 

Following such time, if any, as our capital stock
is listed on a national securities exchange or is held of record by more than 2,000 stockholders, we will be subject to the provisions
of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended. 

Limitations of Liability and Indemnification Matters 

For a discussion of liability and indemnification,
please see the section titled Directors and Executive Officers Limitation of Liability and Indemnification. 

Listing 

We intend to apply to list our common stock on
the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol AMST . No assurance can be given that our application will be approved. 

Transfer Agent 

Our transfer agent is Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company, or CST. CST s address is 1 State Street 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004-1561 and its telephone number is (212)
845-3215. 

4 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2023ex23-1_amesite.htm
 CONSENT OF DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED
PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation
by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-250852 on Form S-8, Registration Statement No. 333-260666 on Form S-3 and Registration
Statement No. 333-270512 on Form S-1 of our report dated September 28, 2022, relating to the financial statements of Amesite, Inc., appearing
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Amesite, Inc. for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

/s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 

 Detroit, MI 

 October 6, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 4
 f10k2023ex23-2_amesite.htm
 CONSENT OF TURNER, STONE & COMPANY, L.L.P

Exhibit 23.2 

Consent of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

We hereby consent to the incorporation
by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 No. 333-260666, Form S-8 No. 333-250852 and Form S-1 No. 333-270512 of Amesite
Inc. of our report dated October 6, 2023, relating to the financial statements which appears in this Form 10-K for the year ended June
30, 2023. 

/s/ Turner, Stone Company, L.L.P. 

Dallas, Texas 

 October 6, 2023 

Turner, Stone Company,
L.L.P. 

Accountants and Consultants 

12700 Park Central Drive, Suite 1400 

Dallas, Texas 75251 

Telephone:972-239-1660 
Facsimile: 972-239-1665 
 Toll Free: 877-853-4195 
 Web site: turnerstone.com 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2023ex31-1_amesite.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Ann Marie Sastry, Ph.D., certify that: 

(1) 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Amesite Inc.; 

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

October 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ann Marie Sastry, Ph.D. 

Ann Marie Sastry, Ph.D. 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2023ex31-2_amesite.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002 

I, Sherlyn W. Farrell, certify that: 

(1) 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Amesite Inc.; 

(2) 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

(3) 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

(4) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

(5) 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

October 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Sherlyn W. Farrell 

Sherlyn W. Farrell 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2023ex32-1_amesite.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT 

 TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Amesite Inc. for the period ended June 30, 2023 (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies
in her capacity as Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, to my knowledge and belief, that: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Amesite Inc. 

October 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ann Marie Sastry, Ph.D. 

Ann Marie Sastry, Ph.D. 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

The certification set forth above is being furnished
as an Exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate
disclosure document of Amesite Inc. or the certifying officers. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 f10k2023ex32-2_amesite.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT 

 TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying
Annual Report on Form 10-K of Amesite Inc. for the period ended June 30, 2023 (the Report ), the undersigned hereby certifies
in her capacity as Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, to my knowledge and belief, that: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Amesite Inc. 

October 6, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Sherlyn W. Farrell 

Sherlyn W. Farrell 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

The certification set forth above is being furnished
as an Exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate
disclosure document of Amesite Inc. or the certifying officers. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 amst-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 amst-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 amst-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 amst-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 amst-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

