<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231013_10-K_edgar_data_1451448_0001493152-23-037224.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>41647359</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>642093</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>27266896</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6101494</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3125437</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4064236</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-037224.hdr.sgml : 20231013
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231013171931
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-037224
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		151
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231013
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231013

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ESPORTS ENTERTAINMENT GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001451448
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AMUSEMENT & RECREATION SERVICES [7900]
		IRS NUMBER:				263062752
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39262
		FILM NUMBER:		231325695

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BLOCK 6, TRIQ PACEVILLE
		STREET 2:		ST. JULIANS STJ 3109
		CITY:			MALTA
		STATE:			O1
		ZIP:			BKR 9077
		BUSINESS PHONE:		356 2757 7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BLOCK 6, TRIQ PACEVILLE
		STREET 2:		ST. JULIANS STJ 3109
		CITY:			MALTA
		STATE:			O1
		ZIP:			BKR 9077

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VGambling Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150402

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VGambling, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140815

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DK Sinopharma, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100615

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-037224.txt : 20231013

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to____________ 

Commission
File Number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 

 incorporation or organization) 

(IRS
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 

 , , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transaction period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of December 31, 2022, the
last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was based on the closing price
reported for such date on the Nasdaq Capital Markets. For purposes of the above statement only, all directors, executive officers and
10 shareholders are assumed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for
any other purpose. 

As
of October 12, 2023, there were shares of Common Stock, par value 0.001 issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 Number 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk
 Factors 
 12 
 
 Item
 1B 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 51 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 51 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 51 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 51 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 51 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 53 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 53 
 
 Item
 7A 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 64 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 64 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 64 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 64 
 
 Item
 9B 
 Other
 Information 
 66 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 66 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 67 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 73 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 80 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 81 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 81 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 82 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 84 

i 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (including the section regarding Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations) contains forward-looking statements regarding our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
Words such as, but not limited to, believe, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, 
 plan, targets, likely, aim, will, would, could, 
and similar expressions or phrases identify forward-looking statements, but are not deemed to represent an all-inclusive means of identifying
forward-looking statements as denoted in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our
current expectations and future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operation,
business strategy and financial needs. 

Although
forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K reflect the good faith judgment of our Management, such statements can
only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and
uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the
forward-looking statements. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of
the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). You can
read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549.
You can obtain additional information about the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition,
the SEC maintains an Internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding
issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us. 

We
file annual, quarterly and current reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), as well as proxy statements
and other information. The SEC maintains an Internet site (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and
other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us. We maintain a website at www.esportsentertainmentgroup.com. 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the terms we , our , and us refer to Esports Entertainment Group,
Inc. and our wholly owned subsidiaries. 

ii 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

Esports
is a skill-based, competitive, and organized form of video gaming by professional players, playing individually or as teams. Esports
typically takes the form of organized, multiplayer video games that include genres such as real-time strategy, fighting, first-person
shooter and multiplayer online battle arena games. Most major professional esports events and a wide range of amateur esports events
are broadcast live via streaming services including twitch.tv and youtube.com. 

Corporate
History 

Esports
Entertainment Group, Inc. EEG was formed in the state of Nevada on July 22, 2008 under the name Virtual Closet,
Inc., before changing its name to DK Sinopharma, Inc. on June 6, 2010 and then to, VGambling, Inc. on August 12, 2014. On or about
April 24, 2017, VGambling, Inc. changed its name to Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. The Company is a diversified operator of
iGaming, traditional sports betting and esports businesses with a global footprint. The Company s strategy is to build and
acquire iGaming and traditional sports betting platforms and use them to grow the esports business whereby customers have access to
game centers, online tournaments and player-versus-player wagering. On July 31, 2020, the Company commenced revenue generating
operations with the acquisition of LHE Enterprises Limited, a holding company for Argyll Entertainment Argyll ), an
online sportsbook and casino operator. On January 21, 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of Phoenix Games Network Limited,
the holding company for the Esports Gaming League EGL ), and provider of event management and team services, including
live and online events and tournaments. On March 1, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of the operating assets and
specified liabilities that comprise the online gaming operations of Lucky Dino Gaming Limited, a company registered in Malta, and
Hiidenkivi Estonia OU, its wholly owned subsidiary registered in Estonia (collectively referred to as Lucky Dino ). On
June 1, 2021, the Company acquired ggCircuit, LLC GGC and Helix Holdings, LLC Helix ). GGC is a
business-to-business software company that provides cloud-based management for gaming centers, a tournament platform and integrated
wallet and point-of-sale solutions. Helix owned and operated esports centers. On July 13, 2021, the Company acquired Bethard Group
Limited s business-to-consumer operations that included the online casino and sports book business operating under the brand
of Bethard Bethard ). Bethard s operations provided sportsbook, casino, live casino and fantasy sport betting
services. 

The
Company has recently completed a series of independent transactions to streamline its operations to reduce operating losses and to
increase its focus on core businesses. The Company closed its Argyll operations on December 8, 2022 by surrendering of its UK
license and deconsolidated its Argyll operating entities during March and June 2023 due to liquidation and loss of control of the entities, and sold Bethard on February 24, 2023. The
Company also disposed of the EGL business as of June 30, 2023. In the prior year, the Company disposed of Helix on June 10, 2022.
Subsequent to these transactions, the core businesses of the Company include Lucky Dino of the EEG iGaming division, and GGC of the
EEG Games division. 

1 

Business
Overview 

EEG
is an esports-focused iGaming and entertainment company with a global footprint. EEG s strategy is to build and acquire betting
and related platforms, and lever them into the rapidly growing esports vertical. We operate the business in two verticals, EEG iGaming
and EEG Games. 

EEG
iGaming: 

EEG
iGaming includes the esports betting platform with full casino and other functionality and services for iGaming customers. iDefix, proprietary
technology acquired in connection with the acquisition of Lucky Dino, is a Maltese Gaming Authority MGA licensed iGaming
platform with payments, payment automation manager, bonusing, loyalty, compliance and casino integrations that services all Lucky Dino
sites. 

EEG s
goal is to be a leader in the large and rapidly growing sector of esports real-money wagering, offering fans the ability to wager on
approved esports events in a licensed and secure environment. We are now able to accept wagers from residents of over 180 jurisdictions
including countries within the European Union, New Zealand and Latin America, on our platform. 

Alongside
the esports focused platform, EEG owns and operates Lucky Dino, which is licensed by the MGA to offer five online casinos under its seven
different brands on its in-house built iDefix casino-platform. 

We
currently hold one Tier-1 gambling license in Malta. Our Lucky Dino operations provide a foothold in mature markets in Europe into which
we believe we can cross-sell our esports offerings. 

EEG
Games: 

EEG
Games focus is on providing esports entertainment experiences to gamers through a combination of: (1) our proprietary infrastructure
software, GGC, which underpins our focus on esports and is a leading provider of local area network LAN center management
software and services, enabling us to seamlessly manage mission critical functions such as game licensing and payments, and (2) the creation
of esports content for distribution to the betting industry. Currently, we operate our esports EEG Games business in the United States
and Europe. 

We
believe that as the size of the market and the number of esports enthusiasts continues to grow, so will the number of esports enthusiasts
who gamble on events, which we believe will increase the demand for our platform and services. 

Competition 

The
online gambling and wagering industry is increasingly competitive. With relatively low barriers to entry, new competitors are
entering the esports wagering and video game tournament segments. In both of these segments, there currently exist several major
competitors. Most of EEG s current competitors, including bet365, William Hill, Betway, Penn Entertainment, Inc. (Nasdaq:
PENN), Pinnacle Sports, PointsBet Holdings Limited (OTC: PBTHF), DraftKings Inc. (Nasdaq:DKNG), Rush Street Interactive, Inc.
(NYSE:RSI), Kindred Group plc, Flutter Entertainment plc, Betsson AB, Super Group (SGHC) Limited (NYSE:SGHC), 888 Holdings plc, and
Entain Plc, have far greater resources than us. 

However,
we believe the following strengths position us for sustainable growth: 

Management
Team and Key Personnel Experience : 

EEG s
Board of Directors (the Board includes senior managers with extensive experience in online gambling, esports,
information technology, compliance, regulation, accounting and finance. 

EEG s
officers and management, including our recently hired Chief Executive Officer, include individuals with extensive experience in the regulation
of online gambling, esports, information technology, marketing, business development, payment processing, compliance, regulation, accounting,
finance, and customer service. 

2 

Unique
Positioning within online gaming: 

EEG
was one of the first online gaming companies with an esports-first focus and a line of esports businesses; leading the effort to broaden
legislation for betting on esports competitions. We are uniquely focused on connecting to customers across a broad set of retail and
digital businesses to achieve greater revenue, scale, and profitability, as well as shaping esports infrastructure to facilitate omni-channel
betting. 

Technology
Assets: 

EEG
 has acquired businesses with state-of-the-art business-to-business/business-to-consumer technologies across esports competition infrastructure,
 for in-person and internet-based competitions, for tournaments, esports wagering and skill-based betting. 

GGC
 Proprietary Platform: GGC s ggLeap is a cloud-based management software solution that enables Gaming Centers to run games through
 the stat integrated client, reward gamers for playing the games they love, and allow gamers to run their own local tournaments. GGC
 is currently used by over 800 LAN centers and connects with over 2 million gamers monthly. 

Lucky
 Dino s online casino platform iDefix, a modern online casino platform licensed in Malta, upon which the Lucky Dino s
 online casino brands operate. iDefix provides a full technical solution for casino operations, with various management tools as well
 as in-depth business intelligence reporting and analysis. The technology is built on a scalable event-driven micro-services-based
 architecture offering advanced automation features including anti money laundering compliance and know your customer KYC handling, responsible gambling management and monitoring, fraud and bonus abuse detection, as well as gamification, customer relationship
 management and bonus management. 

Growth
Strategy 

In
the future, we intend to: 

Expand
 our esports services into North America, including the 45 states where skill-based gambling is legal and the numerous other states
 where esports gambling is permitted but has yet to be launched in a meaningful way, enhance our product offering, as well as create
 relationships with players that will migrate into our real-money wagering platform. 

Expand
 our esports wagering platform and services into more jurisdictions, utilizing the MGA gaming license, which provides opportunity
 for access into over 180 countries. 

3 

Future
Products and Services: 

International
Market Expansion 

EEG
received a gaming service license for online betting from the MGA in April 2020, and in February 2021, established a brick-and-mortar
office and commenced online gaming operations in Malta. In order to effectively penetrate international markets, we translated our website
into several additional languages and offer customer service and technical support in the local language of key markets. 

EEG s
Online Wagering Platforms 

iDefix,
the Company s modern online casino platform that the Lucky Dino online casino brands operate on, is licensed in Malta. iDefix provides
a full technical solution for casino operations, with various management tools as well as in-depth business intelligence reporting and
analysis. 

On
our esports-focused wagering platform, a player can place a bet on a team participating in any number of approved tournaments. The website
also maintains a how to play section on the website which provides players with instructional videos on placing bets as
well as other pieces of information that may be beneficial to an inexperienced player or a new user of our website. Additionally, the
website includes a frequently asked questions section which provides customers with the ability to easily navigate general
questions relating to the website, personal account information, payment processing and betting rules and procedures. 

Marketing
and Sales Initiatives 

The
Company has several sponsorship marketing agreements in place for its website. 

EEG
is looking to expand into new geographic territories by obtaining licenses or by working with B2C operators under a new platform licensing
arrangement to operate in those territories. The need for hands-on implementation in these territories and support will require investment
in additional marketing activities, offices, and other overhead. 

We
will also accelerate our expansion if we find complementary businesses that we are able to acquire in other markets. Marketing efforts
to expand into new territories have included esports team and tournament sponsorship, affiliate marketing, social media advertising,
content creation, and attendance at esports and gaming events in addition to personal contact with other industry leaders. 

We
plan to increase our marketing efforts and awareness of our brands through our existing suite of websites, as well as future offerings
by: 

Educating
 sports betting consumers and gamers to bet on esports; 

Sponsoring
 professional esports teams and tournaments that have a global reach and to generate content for sale; 

Working
 with sports and gaming celebrities and social media influencers who have an interest in video games and esports to generate new customers
 and increasing our efforts in attracting esports players and other celebrities who have an interest in video game gambling and esports; 

Using
 a multichannel approach focused on acquiring and retaining customers; and 

Utilizing
 multiple social media platforms to promote our wagering business including, but not limited to, Facebook, X (formerly known as Twitter),
 Instagram, Snapchat, TikTok, YouTube, Twitch, Discord, WhatsApp, QQ, WeChat, email and SMS messages and using online advertisements,
 paid search optimization, and various social media campaigns to increase our online presence and drive traffic to our website. 

4 

Further,
we intend to continue to invest in optimizing the Company s website in an effort to become the premier esports gaming and gambling
website in the industry. 

Recent
Developments: 

October
2023 Settlement Agreement and Waiver 

Partial
Settlement of Registration Delay Payments under Registration Rights Agreement 

On
October 6, 2023, the Company entered into a settlement agreement October 2023 Settlement Agreement with the Holder to
issue common stock in partial settlement of the Registration Rights Fees payable RRA Fees by the Company under the Registration
Rights Agreement, and the previous settlement agreement, dated August 15, 2023 (see below), between the Company and the Holder, in connection
with a delay in the filing of a registration statement for the purpose of registering the resale of the common stock issuable under the
Holder s Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and common warrants, despite the Company s best efforts to avoid such delay.
As of October 6, 2023, the Company is obligated to pay to the Holder a Registration Delay Payment of approximately 63,500 (subject to
increase with respect to any additional RRA Fees that may accrue, from time to time, under the Registration Rights Agreement and subject
to decrease in accordance with the October 2023 Settlement Agreement as described below). On September 30, 2023, the August 2023 Settlement
Agreement (see below) expired pursuant to its terms. 

The
Company agreed to issue an additional 10,000 shares at 0.05 per share Continued Settlement Price Per Share in partial
settlement of RRA Fees. The Company further agreed to settle an additional 1,000 (or such other amount as the parties shall mutually
agree) on each seven day anniversary of the October 2023 Settlement Agreement (or another date mutually agreed between the parties),
until the earlier of (i) the date that the parties mutually terminate the October 2023 Settlement Agreement in writing, and (ii) such
time as the remaining balance of the RRA Fees are paid in full, as applicable, to satisfy up to the remaining balance of the RRA Fees
at a price per share equal to the lower of (1) 90 of the lowest Volume-weighted average price VWAP per share of the
common stock during the ten consecutive trading day period ending and including the trading day immediately preceding the additional
share settlement, and (2) the Continued Settlement Price Per Share. As part of the settlement, the Holder also agreed to continue to
waive, in part, applicable antidilution provisions within the Certificates of Designations governing the Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock such that the issuances of any settlement shares in accordance with the October 2023 Settlement
Agreement shall not result in a Conversion Price for the applicable Conversion Amount (as such terms are defined in the Certificates
of Designations governing the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock) subject to such conversion
less than the lesser of (A) the Conversion Price then in effect (without giving effect to any adjustments to the Conversion Price arising
solely as a result of the issuances of the settlement shares under the October 2023 Settlement Agreement) and (B) the greater of (x)
the Conversion Price then in effect (after giving effect to all adjustments to the Conversion Price (including, without limitation, such
adjustments arising as a result of the issuances of the settlement shares under the October 2023 Settlement Agreement)) and (y) 90 of
the lowest VWAP of the common stock during the ten consecutive trading day period ending and including such applicable conversion date
under the terms of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock or Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, as applicable. 

The
October 2023 Settlement Agreement further provides that, notwithstanding anything in the applicable Series C Certificate of Designations
for the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock or Series D Certificate of Designations for the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock to
the contrary, with respect to any given conversion of any Series C Convertible Preferred Stock or Series D Convertible Preferred Stock,
to the extent such Conversion Price, as so adjusted, is greater than 90 of the lowest VWAP of the common stock during the ten (10) consecutive
trading day period ending and including the trading day of the applicable conversion notice, a Conversion Floor Price Condition (as defined
in the Certificates of Designations governing the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock) shall
be deemed to have occurred with respect to such conversion of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock or Series D Convertible Preferred
Stock, as applicable. 

As part of the October 2023 Settlement Agreement,
the Company triggered the anti-dilution down round price protection provisions of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series
D Convertible Preferred Stock that allows for the conversion at the conversion price described above. Due to the down round price protection
provision on the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company recorded a deemed dividend
within stockholders equity associated with the reduction in conversion price in effect prior to the October 2023 Settlement Agreement
from 0.10 for both the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock to the conversion price as defined
above, of approximately 1,566,000 based on the incremental value to the Holder due to the conversion price reduction. This incremental
value will be presented on the consolidated statement of operations as an addition to the net loss available to common stockholders in
the year ending June 30, 2024. The incremental value was determined by computing the additional shares the Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock that would be received based on the conversion price reduction multiplied by the estimated
fair value of common stock of 0.0965 as of October 6, 2023. 

From
July 1, 2023, though October 12, 2023, one business day preceding this filing, the Holder exchanged 12,300,999 in Series C
Convertible Preferred Stock for 49,916,813 shares of our common stock at conversion prices equal to 90 of the lowest VWAP (as
defined in the Senior Convertible Note) of our common stock for a trading day during the ten consecutive trading day period ending,
and including, the applicable date that the conversion price was lowered for purposes of a conversion, or the floor price then in
effect, offset by the aggregate Alternate Conversion Floor Amount of 3,759,649 and accrued dividends of 476,597. The balance of
Series C Convertible Preferred Stock was reduced to approximately 6,431,000 as of October 12, 2023, one business day preceding this
filing. There were no conversions of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and no other amounts are due under the Series D
Convertible Preferred Stock, other than the RRA Fees. 

Partial
Waiver of Subsequent Placement Optional Redemption of Preferred Shares 

The
Company also entered into a waiver agreement October 2023 Waiver on October 6, 2023, with the Holder, as a condition to access any net proceeds
from the future sale of shares of common stock under the Company s previously announced at the market (or ATM equity offering program pursuant to a prospectus supplement that was filed with the SEC on September 15, 2023. The Holder agreed to partially
waive its rights to ATM proceeds under the terms of a Subsequent Placement Optional Redemption, as defined in each of the Series C Certificate
of Designations and Series D Certificate of Designations, but only with respect to sales under the ATM equity offering program ATM
Sales and not with respect to any other future Subsequent Placement (as defined in each of the Series C Certificate of Designations
and Series D Certificate of Designations) and, further, only to the extent of a waiver that provide that 50 of the net proceeds from
ATM Sales (after deducting the agent s commissions pursuant to the at the market offering and other reasonable and
customary offering expenses) be retained by the Company and the remaining 50 of the net proceeds from ATM Sales be used by the Company
to redeem first, the outstanding shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and second, the outstanding shares of Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock Redemption Proceeds ), unless the Holder elects to change such allocations (or waive such redemption, in
whole or in part, with respect to one or more ATM Sales) as evidenced by a written notice to the Company Subsequent Placement
Limited Waiver ). Concurrent with the execution of the October 2023 Settlement Agreement, the Company executed an escrow agreement Escrow Agreement with an independent third-party escrow agent Escrow Agent ), pursuant to which Redemption
Proceeds received from each closing of ATM Sales shall be promptly deposited into a non-interest bearing escrow account Escrow
Account and disbursed to the Holder under the terms and conditions contained in the September Settlement Agreement and the Escrow
Agreement. 

Equity
Distribution Agreement 

On
September 15, 2023, the Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement with Group LLC Maxim Group under which
the Company may offer and sell, from time to time at its sole discretion, shares of the Company s common stock, par value
 0.001 per share, with aggregate gross sales proceeds of up to 7,186,257 through an at the market equity offering
program under which Maxim Group will act as sales agent. 

Under
the Equity Distribution Agreement, the Company will set the parameters for the sale of shares, including the number of shares to be issued,
the time period during which sales are requested to be made, limitations on the number of shares that may be sold in any one trading
day and any minimum price below which sales may not be made. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Equity Distribution Agreement,
Maxim Group may sell the shares by methods deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415 promulgated under
the Securities Act, including by means of ordinary brokers transactions at market prices, in block transactions or as otherwise
agreed by Maxim and us. 

The
Equity Distribution Agreement provides that Maxim Group will be entitled to compensation for its services equal to 3.0 of the gross
proceeds of any shares of common stock sold through Maxim Group under the Equity Distribution Agreement. The Company has no obligation
to sell any shares under the Equity Distribution Agreement, and may at any time suspend solicitation and offers under the Equity Distribution
Agreement. 

The
shares will be issued pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-252370) and its registration
on Form S-3 MEF (File No. 333-274542). The Company filed a prospectus supplement, dated September 15, 2023 with the SEC in connection
with the offer and sale of the shares pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement (the Prospectus Supplement ). 

As
per the October 2023 Wavier, part of the net proceeds of any ATM Sales under this Equity Distribution Agreement will be used by the Company
to redeem first, the outstanding shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and second, the outstanding shares of Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock, unless the Holder elects to change such allocations, as discussed above. 

The
Equity Distribution Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements of the Company and customary conditions to
completing future sale transactions, indemnification rights and obligations of the parties and termination provisions. 

As
part of the filing of the Equity Distribution Agreement, the Company entered into a waiver agreement Waiver on
September 15, 2023, with the Holder of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, as a
condition to filing the registration statement on Form S-3 MEF on September 15, 2023 and the prospectus supplement on September 15,
2023 for the at the market offering. The Waiver allowed the Company to proceed with the initial filing of such
registration statement and prospectus supplement with the SEC and not with respect to (x) any subsequent amendment or supplement
thereto, (y) the issuance and sale of any of the Company s securities contemplated by thereby or (z) any future Subsequent
Placement (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 30, 2023, among the Company and the buyers named therein).
As discussed above the Company obtained a partial waiver of the Holder s Redemption Amounts, and from October 10, 2023 through October 12, 2023 the Company had ATM
Sales of approximately 679,000 for 8,440,375 shares common stock with 50 of the ATM Sales, after placement agent fees, to be held in escrow for the Holder. 

5 

August
2023 Settlement Agreement 

On
August 15, 2023, the Company entered into a settlement agreement August 2023 Settlement Agreement with the Holder to
issue common stock in partial settlement of RRA Fees by the Company under the Registration Rights Agreement, in connection with a
delay in the filing of a registration statement for the purpose of registering the resale of the common stock issuable under the
Holder s Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and common warrants, despite the Company s best efforts to avoid such
delay. As of August 15, 2023, the Company was obligated to pay to the Holder RRA Fees of 21,500 (subject to increase with respect
to any additional RRA Fees that may accrue, from time to time, under the Registration Rights Agreement, and subject to decrease in
accordance with the August 2023 Settlement Agreement as described below). 

The
Company agreed to initially issue 10,000 shares at 0.10 per share Initial Settlement Price Per Share in partial
settlement of RRA Fees. The Company further agreed to settle an additional 1,000 (or such other amount as the parties shall
mutually agree) on each seven day anniversary of the initial settlement (or another date mutually agreed between the parties), to
satisfy up to the remaining balance of the RRA Fees at a price per share equal to the lower of (1) 90 of the lowest VWAP per share
of the Common Stock during the ten consecutive trading day period ending and including the trading day immediately preceding the
additional share settlement, and (2) the Initial Settlement Price Per Share. As part of the settlement, the Holder also agreed to
waive, in part, applicable antidilution provisions within the Certificates of Designations governing the Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock such that the issuances of any settlement shares in accordance with the
August 2023 Settlement Agreement shall not result in a conversion price for the applicable conversion amount (as such terms are
defined in the Certificates of Designations governing the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred
Stock) subject to such conversion less than the lesser of (A) the conversion price then in effect (without giving effect to any
adjustments to the conversion price arising solely as a result of the issuances of the settlement shares under the August 2023
Settlement Agreement) and (B) the greater of (x) the conversion price then in effect (after giving effect to all adjustments to the
conversion price (including, without limitation, such adjustments arising as a result of the issuances of the settlement shares
under the August 2023 Settlement Agreement)) and (y) 90 of the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock during the ten consecutive trading
day period ending and including such applicable conversion date under the terms of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock or
Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, as applicable. 

The
August 2023 Settlement Agreement further provides that, notwithstanding anything in the applicable Certificate of Designations for
the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock or Certificate of Designations for the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock to the
contrary, with respect to any given conversion of any Series C Convertible Preferred Stock or Series D Convertible Preferred Stock,
to the extent such conversion price, as so adjusted, is greater than 90 of the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock during the ten
consecutive trading day period ending and including the trading day of the applicable conversion notice, a conversion floor price
condition (as defined in the Certificates of Designations governing the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D
Convertible Preferred Stock) shall be deemed to have occurred with respect to such conversion of the Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock or Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, as applicable. 

As part of the August 2023 Settlement Agreement, the Company triggered the anti-dilution down round price protection
provisions of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock that allows for the conversion at the
conversion price described above. Due to the down round price protection provision on the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series
D Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company recorded a deemed dividend within stockholders equity associated with the reduction
in conversion price in effect prior to the August 2023 Settlement Agreement from 0.44 for the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and
 0.39 Series D Convertible Preferred Stock to the conversion price as defined above, of approximately 9,383,000 based on the incremental
value to the Holder due to the conversion price reduction. This incremental value will be presented on the consolidated statement of operations
as an addition to the net loss available to common stockholders in the year ending June 30, 2024. The incremental value was determined
by computing the additional shares the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock that would be received
based on the conversion price reduction multiplied by the estimated fair value of common stock of 0.1935 as of August 15, 2023. 

6 

August 2023 Registered
Direct Offering 

 On August 15, 2023, the
Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with the Holder of our Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D
Convertible Preferred Stock (the RD SPA ). The RD SPA relates to an offering of (a) 1,000,000 shares of our common
stock, 0.001 par value per share, for a price of 0.1935 per share, directly to the Holder and (b) pre-funded warrants to purchase
4,167,959 shares of our common stock at a price of 0.1935 per warrant, directly to such Holder (the RD Pre-funded
Warrants ), with all but 0.001 per warrant prepaid to the Company at the closing of the offering. The RD Pre-funded warrants
are exercisable immediately upon issuance. The exercise price of each RD Pre-funded Warrant is 0.001 per share of common stock. The
offering closed on August 15, 2023. 

 The Pre-funded Warrants were
all subsequently exercised on August 16, 2023. 

 The RD SPA included the Holder
waiving its rights to require the Company to cause a Subsequent Placement Optional Redemption (as defined in each of the Certificate of
Designations governing the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Certificate of Designations governing the Series D Convertible Preferred
Stock) using the gross proceeds from the sale of the shares of common stock and Warrants (including from the exercise thereof) and its
rights to participate in an Eligible Subsequent Placement (as defined in each of the Certificate of Designations governing the Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock and Certificate of Designations governing the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock) pursuant to Section
7(b) of the Certificate of Designations governing the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Section 7(b) of the Certificate of Designations
governing the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, but only with respect to the offering and sale of the Securities contemplated by the
RD SPA. As a result, the Company did not make any payments from the gross proceeds to the Holder. 

 The gross proceeds from the issuance and sale of the
shares of common stock and RD Pre-funded Warrants, were approximately 1,000,000, before deducting the estimated offering expenses payable
by us. The Company completed the offering without a placement agent and no placement agent fees were payable. The Company had broad discretion
in the use of the net proceeds, including for working capital and general corporate purposes to support ongoing business operations. 

Leadership
changes 

Appointment
of Alex Igelman as Chief Executive Officer 

On
December 22, 2022, the Board appointed Alex Igelman as Chief Executive Officer, effective January 3, 2023. 

Appointment
of Michael Villani as Interim Chief Financial Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

Effective
January 6, 2023, the Company announced the appointment of Michael Villani as the Interim Chief Financial Officer, in addition to his
current role as the Financial Controller. He was further promoted to permanent Chief Financial Officer on August 29, 2023. Mr. Villani
serves as the Company s Principal Financial Officer. 

Departure
of John Brackens as Chief Technology Officer/Chief Information Officer 

On
May 14, 2023, John Brackens, the Chief Technology Officer/Chief Information Officer, departed from the Company. 

Appointment
of Damian Mathews as Chief Operating Officer 

Effective
May 29, 2023, the Board appointed Damian Mathews, a current member of the Board, to serve as the Company s Chief Operating Officer. 

Appointment
of Robert Soper to the Board of Directors 

Effective
June 6, 2023, the Board appointed Mr. Robert Soper as a member of the Board. 

Compliance
with Nasdaq Listing Requirements 

On
April 11, 2022, the Company received a deficiency notification letter from the Listing Qualifications Staff of Nasdaq (the Staff indicating that the Company was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) because the bid price for the Company s common
stock had closed below 1.00 per share for the previous thirty consecutive business days (the Bid Price Rule ). 

On
June 7, 2022, the Company received a further letter from Nasdaq notifying the Company that for the last 30 consecutive business days,
the Company s minimum Market Value of Listed Securities MVLS was below the minimum of 35.0 million required for
continued listing on Nasdaq pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2) (the MVLS Rule ). 

On
October 11, 2022, the Company received a third letter from Nasdaq notifying the Company that the Company s common stock will be
delisted, and the Company s common stock warrants traded under the symbols GMBLW and GMBLZ and the Company s 10 Series A
Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock traded under symbol GMBLP will no longer qualify for listing, and in that regard trading
of the Company s common stock, common stock warrants and 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock will be
suspended. The Company requested an appeal with the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel and the hearing was held on November
17, 2022. 

On
November 30, 2022, the Company received a determination from the Panel granting the Company s request for the continued listing
of its common stock on the Capital Market tier of Nasdaq, subject to the Company evidencing compliance with the Bid Price Rule, and the
minimum of 2.5 million stockholders equity requirement (the Equity Rule ), as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rules
5550(a)(2) and 5550(b)(1), respectively, on or before February 7, 2023 (which, as described below, was subsequently extended on February
8, 2023) and March 31, 2023, respectively, and adhering to certain other conditions and requirements described below. 

On
December 6, 2022, the Company received a fourth letter from Nasdaq notifying the Company that it has not regained compliance with the
MVLS Rule. This was addressed in the November 17, 2022, hearing before the Panel where the Company presented on its plan to comply with
the MVLS Rule or alternative criteria and was granted continued listing subject to the criteria noted above. 

7 

On
February 8, 2023, the Company received notice from the Panel updating its remaining conditions as follows: 

1. 
 On
 February 20, 2023, the Company shall provide a written update to the Panel regarding the progress of its debt-to-equity conversion
 plan and its impact on the Company s equity; 

2. 
 On
 March 7, 2023, the Company shall have demonstrated compliance with the Bid Price Rule, by evidencing a closing bid price of 1.00
 or more per share for a minimum of ten consecutive trading sessions; and 

3. 
 On
 March 31, 2023, the Company shall demonstrate compliance with the Equity Rule. 

The
Company provided an update on its progress to the Panel on February 20, 2023 and on March 9, 2023, the Company received a letter from
the Panel indicating that the Company has regained compliance with the Bid Price Rule. 

On
March 30, 2023, the Company submitted a written submission requesting an extension on the requirement to demonstrate compliance with
the Equity Rule and on April 6, 2023, the Panel granted an extension through April 30, 2023. 

On
May 1, 2023, the Company announced it met the minimum Equity Rule. 

On
June 13, 2023, the Company received a notice from the Panel providing that the Company demonstrated compliance with the requirements
for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, including the Equity Rule, as outlined in Listing Rule 5550(b)(1). 

On
September 6, 2023, the Company received a deficiency notification letter from the Staff indicating that the Company was not in compliance
with Bid Price Rule. 

The
Company has 180 calendar days from the date of such notice, or until March 4, 2024, to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule. To
regain compliance, the bid price for the Company s common stock must close at 1.00 per share or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive
business days. 

The
Company remains subject to a Panel Monitor, as defined by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5815(d)(4)(A), through June 13, 2024. In
the event the Company fails to satisfy a continued listing requirement during the Panel Monitor, the Company will not be provided with
the opportunity to present a compliance plan to the Staff and the Staff will not be permitted to grant additional time for the Company
to regain compliance with respect to that deficiency, nor will the Company be afforded an applicable cure or compliance period pursuant
to Rule 5810(c)(3), which process might otherwise be available under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, but would instead have an opportunity
to request a new hearing with the Panel. The Company s securities may be at that time delisted from Nasdaq. 

Any
failure to maintain compliance with the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in delisting of our common stock from Nasdaq
and negatively impact our company and holders of our common stock, including by reducing the willingness of investors to hold our common
stock because of the resulting decreased price, liquidity and trading of our common stock, limited availability of price quotations and
reduced news and analyst coverage. Delisting may adversely impact the perception of our financial condition, cause reputational harm
with investors, our employees and parties conducting business with us and limit our access to debt and equity financing. 

Regulatory
Developments 

We
operate in both emerging and well-established competitive markets. We expect that our future growth will come from online gaming and
sports betting via expansions of gaming in existing jurisdictions; entrance into new jurisdictions, and improvements and expansions of
our existing properties and strategic acquisitions of gaming properties, expanded software sales to more screens in game centers including
in universities, entertainment centers and casinos, as well as increased esports adoption and events, particularly in North America.
We continue to adjust operations and cost structures to reflect the changing economic conditions. We also continue to focus on revenue
and cost synergies from our acquisitions, and offering our customers additional gaming experiences through our affiliates. The gaming
industry is characterized by an increasingly high degree of competition among a large number of participants, including game centers;
riverboat casinos; dockside casinos; land-based casinos; video lottery; iGaming; online and retail sports betting; sports media companies;
gaming at taverns; gaming at truck stop establishments; sweepstakes and poker machines not located in casinos; the potential for increased
fantasy sports; significant growth of Native American gaming tribes, historic racing or state-sponsored i-lottery products in or adjacent
to states we operate in; and other forms of gaming. 

8 

United
Kingdom 

Since
the acquisition of the Argyll UK EEG iGaming business on July 31, 2020, the Company has responded to periodic requests for
information from the UKGC in relation to information required to maintain its UK license following the change of corporate control.
There have been no adverse judgments imposed by the UKGC against the Company. In recent months, the Company reduced its spending on
marketing and was focused on retaining existing customers and reactivating past customers. On November 10, 2022, the Company
determined that it would close down its licensed remote gambling operation in the UK market. On November 15, 2022, as part of the
winding down of the Argyll UK iGaming operations, players were informed that they would no longer be able to place bets from
November 30, 2022 and that they could withdraw their balances through December 7, 2022. On December 8, 2022 Argyll UK surrendered
its UK license and the surrender was confirmed by the UKGC on December 9, 2022. Between December 7, 2022 and December 14, 2022
Argyll UK attempted to refund customer accounts that still had remaining balances. On March 3, 2023, the Board determined that the
Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Argyll Entertainment, the Company s Swiss entity that is part of Argyll UK, would be
liquidated. The Swiss courts declared Argyll Entertainment bankrupt on March 27, 2023, at which point the Company lost control of
Argyll Entertainment and, as a result, deconsolidated the entity. The Company further liquidated and deconsolidated wholly-owned
subsidiary, Argyll Productions, on June 9, 2023. The Company had previously fully impaired the goodwill, intangible assets and other
long-lived assets of Argyll UK in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. The Company recognized a gain on disposal of 2.2 million for Argyll Entertainment and 0.6 million for Argyll Productions. 

Netherlands 

A
new licensing regime was implemented in the Netherlands for online gaming operators, with applications being accepted from April 1, 2021.
EEG did not apply for a license after assessing the criteria for applying. The first licenses took effect on October 1, 2021. In a surprise
to the market, the Dutch Minister for Legal Protection issued guidance warning that even those operators that were not targeting the
Dutch market but were passively accepting Dutch customers would be punished, with authorities given the power to issue increased fines.
Prior to this guidance, operators had understood that passive acceptance of bets was permissible. The vast majority of unlicensed operators
(including EEG s brands) promptly withdrew from the Dutch market completely on October 1, 2021, closing all active Dutch customer
accounts. The sudden and earlier than anticipated withdrawal from the Dutch market had a negative impact on the unlicensed operators
in the region. The sole period in which the Company had revenues from its EEG iGaming operations in the Netherlands was in the fiscal
quarter ended September 30, 2021. 

Finland 

On
January 1, 2022, amendments to the Finnish Lotteries Act came into effect, further restricting marketing opportunities and enhancing
the enforcement powers of the Finnish regulator. Prior to these amendments coming into effect, in the fiscal quarter ended December 31,
2021, the Company had received communications from the Finnish regulator requesting clarification on its marketing and gaming practices
related to its Finnish EEG iGaming operations. The Company responded to the initial communication in the third quarter of fiscal year
2022 and received a second request for further clarification. On November 28, 2022, the Company provided its response, further addressing
its business and marketing operations in Finland. 

Further
powers allowing the Finnish regulator to require blocking by payment service providers of overseas operators who are targeting their
marketing activities towards Finnish customers are also due to come into effect in 2023. Operations in Finland run under the MGA license
on the Lucky Dino in-house built iDefix casino-platform. 

On
January 5, 2023, the Company received a communication that the Finnish regulator was satisfied with the Company s response and
no adverse judgments were imposed by the Finnish regulator against the Company. 

9 

Regulations
Affecting our Business 

The
offering and operation of online real-money gambling platforms and related software and solutions is subject to extensive regulation
and approval by various national, federal, state, provincial, tribal and foreign agencies (collectively, gaming authorities ).
Gambling laws are usually based on public policy declaration designed to protect the integrity of the gaming industry and its consumers,
as well as to enhance economic development and tourism and to increase tax revenue. To accomplish these goals, gambling laws require
EEG to obtain licenses or findings of suitability from gaming authorities for EEG, including each of our subsidiaries engaged in these
activities, and certain of our directors, officers, employees and in some instances, significant shareholders (typically beneficial owners
of more than 5 of a company s outstanding equity unless waived as a passive institutional investor). The criteria used by gambling
authorities to make determinations as to qualification and suitability of an applicant varies among jurisdictions, but generally require
the submission of detailed personal and financial information followed by a thorough and sometimes lengthy investigation. Gaming authorities
have broad discretion in determining whether an applicant qualifies for licensing or should be found suitable. Gambling authorities generally
look, at a minimum, to the following criteria when determining to grant a license or finding of suitability, including (i) the financial
stability, integrity and responsibility of the applicant, (ii) the quality, security and regulatory compliance of the applicant s
online real-money platform and gaming equipment and related software, as applicable, and (iii) the history and associations of the applicant.
Gambling authorities may, subject to certain administrative proceeding requirements, (i) deny an application, or limit, condition, restrict,
revoke or suspend any license, registration, finding of suitability or approval, and (ii) fine any person licensed, registered or found
suitable or approved. Notwithstanding the foregoing, some jurisdictions explicitly prohibit gaming in all or certain forms, and we will
not market our gambling services in these jurisdictions. If any director, officer or employee of EEG fails to qualify for a license or
is found unsuitable (including due to the failure to submit the required documentation) by a gaming authority, EEG may deem it necessary,
or be required to, sever its relationship with such person, which may include terminating the employment of any such person. Gambling
authorities have the right to investigate any individual or entity having a material relationship with EEG, to determine whether such
individual or entity is suitable or should be licensed to do business as a business associate of ours. In addition, certain gambling
authorities monitor the activities of the entities they regulate both in their respective jurisdiction and in other jurisdictions to
ensure that these entities are in compliance with local standards on a worldwide basis. 

On
May 14, 2018, the Supreme Court of the United States struck down the Professional and Amateur Sports Protection Act, a 1992 law that
barred state-authorized sports gambling with some exceptions and made Nevada the only state where a person could wager on the results
of a single game. Since the Supreme Court s decision, sports gambling has commenced in numerous states and many more states have
enabling legislation pending. We plan to explore expansion of our esports online wagering platform into other U.S. States, at the appropriate
time, and seek licenses in the United States. 

The
Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act of 2006 UIEGA made it a federal offense, punishable by up to five years in
prison, for a business to accept payments in connection with the participation of another person in unlawful internet gambling. 
In support of such new prohibitions, the UIGEA uses a variety of terms some of which are ambiguous or undefined. Initially, the
UIGEA broadly defines a bet or wager as the staking or risking by any person of something of value upon the outcome of
a contest of others, a sporting event, or a game subject to chance, upon an agreement or understanding that the person or another person
will receive something of value in the event of a certain outcome. 

10 

Further,
a bet or wager specifically includes a chance on a lottery or prize awarded predominantly by chance; a scheme 
as defined in Title 28, U.S.C. 3702 relating to government-sponsored amateur or professional sports betting and, any instructions
or information pertaining to the establishment or movement of funds by the bettor or customer in, to, or from, an account with the business
of betting or wagering. While this final prohibition incorporates the term business of betting or wagering, that
term is not specifically defined anywhere in the UIGEA. The only reference to that term comes in 5362(2), which states the following:
the term business of betting or wagering does not include the activities of a financial transaction provider, or any interactive
computer service or telecommunications service. 

Nonetheless,
the law does contain specific prohibitions. In order to establish a violation of the UIGEA, it must be shown that: 

1. 
 A
 person was engaged in the business of betting or wagering; 

2. 
 That
 person knowingly accepted a financial instrument or proceeds thereof; and 

3. 
 That
 instrument was accepted (by the person) in connection with the participation of another person in unlawful Internet gambling. 

In
the context of this statute unlawful Internet gambling is defined as follows: 

To
place, receive, or otherwise knowingly transmit a bet or wager by any means which involves the use, at least in part, of the Internet
where such bet or wager is unlawful under any applicable Federal or State law in the state or tribal lands in which the bet or wager
is initiated, received, or otherwise made. 

Therefore,
the UIGEA only applies to online gambling transactions that are already prohibited by other state, federal, or tribal laws and thus,
in order for the financial transaction to be prohibited by 5363 of the UIGEA, the bet or wager must be initiated, received,
or otherwise made in a place where such activity (the bet of wager) violates preexisting state, federal, or tribal law. 

Similarly,
several other laws provide federal law enforcement with the authority to enforce and prosecute gambling operations conducted in violation
of underlying state gambling laws. As with UIEGA, these enforcement laws include the Illegal Gambling Business Act and the Travel Act.
No violation of the UIGEA, the Illegal Gambling Business Act or the Travel Act can be found absent a violation of an underlying state
law or other federal law. In addition, the Wire Act of 1961 (the Wire Act provides that anyone engaged in the business
of betting or wagering knowingly uses a wire communication facility for the transmission in interstate or foreign commerce of bets or
wagers or information assisting in the placing of bets or wagers on any sporting event or contest, or for the transmission of a wire
communication which entitles the recipient to receive money or credit as a result of bets or wagers, or for information assisting in
the placing of bets or wagers, will be fined or imprisoned, or both. However, the Wire Act notes that it shall not be construed to prevent
the transmission in interstate or foreign commerce of information for use in news reporting of sporting events or contests, or for the
transmission of information assisting in the placing of bets or wagers on a sporting event or contest from a State or foreign country
where betting on that sporting event or contest is legal into a State or foreign country in which such betting is legal. In 2018, the
U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ reversed its previously-issued opinion published in 2011, which stated that interstate
transmissions of wire communications that do not relate to a sporting event or contest fall outside the purview of the
Wire Act. The DOJ s updated opinion concluded instead that the Wire Act was not limited to wagering on sporting events or contests,
and that certain of its provisions apply to non-sports-related wagering activity. In June 2019, a federal district court in New Hampshire
ruled that the DOJ s new interpretation of the Wire Act was erroneous and vacated the DOJ s new opinion. On January 20, 2021,
the First Circuit reaffirmed the district court s decision. The DOJ did not appeal to the Supreme Court. However, while a positive
result, arguably the case is binding precedent only within the First Circuit, and only applies to the specific parties in the lawsuit.
Accordingly, the Wire Act could still impact our ability to engage in online internet gaming in the future. See Recent Developments 
 section above for a discussion of specific regulation items in relevant jurisdictions. 

Intellectual
Property 

Esports
Entertainment Malta owns several trademarks for its Lucky Dino, Kalevala, Casinojefe and Fiksukasino brands and GGC, LLC owns the ggCircuit
trademark. 

The
Company owns the underlying IP rights for the iDefix and Phoenix platforms. 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company had 111 employees, 100 of which are full time employees and 11 of which are part time
employees. 

11 

Item
1A. Risk Factors. 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should be aware of in evaluating our business. If any such risks and
uncertainties actually occur, our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely
affected. The risks described below are not the only risks that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us,
or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results
of operations. The risk factors described below should be read together with the other information set forth in this Annual Report, including
our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, as well as in other documents that we file with the SEC. You should not
interpret our disclosure of any risks in this Annual Report as implying that such risks have not already materialized. 

Summary
of the Material Risks Associated with Our Business 

These
risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Because there is substantial
 doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time, an investment in our common stock is highly
 speculative; holders of our common stock could suffer a total loss of their investment. 

If we fail to maintain
 compliance with the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, our common stock may be delisted and the price of our common stock
 and our ability to access the capital markets could be negatively impacted. 

If our common stock is
 delisted from Nasdaq and is traded over-the-counter, your ability to trade and the market price of our shares of common stock may
 be restricted and negatively impacted. 

We implemented a one-for-one
 hundred reverse stock split of our common stock on February 22, 2023 (the Reverse Stock Split ), and the liquidity of
 our common stock may continue to be adversely effected. 

If we implement a second
 reverse stock split, the liquidity of our common stock may be further adversely effected. 

The Series C Convertible
 Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock will continue to subordinate the rights of the holders of shares of our
 common stock and their terms have obligated us, and may continue to obligate us, to increase the value of such preferred stock due
 to forces that may be within, or outside of, our control. 

The trading price of our
 common stock has been, and will likely continue to be, volatile and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

The exercise of our outstanding
 options and warrants will result in significant dilution to our stockholders. 

We may be required to take
 write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial
 condition, results of operations and stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

We currently do not intend
 to pay dividends on our common stock. As a result, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment is if the price of
 our common stock appreciates . 

We have a history of accumulated
 deficits, recurring losses and negative cash flows from operating activities. We may be unable to achieve or sustain profitability
 or remain a going concern. 

You will experience dilution
 of your ownership interest due to the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock. 

Our business may be materially
 and adversely affected by increased levels of debt. 

Competition within the
 global interactive entertainment and gaming industries is intense and our existing and potential users may be attracted to competing
 forms of entertainment such as television, movies and sporting events, as well as other entertainment and gaming options on the Internet.
 If our offerings do not continue to be popular, our business could be harmed. 

Our business may be materially
 and adversely affected by the combined company s business following acquisitions. If we are required to write down goodwill
 and other intangible assets, our financial condition and results would be negatively affected. 

Recent regulatory changes
 in the Netherlands and Finland have had a material impact on our financial results and may have additional negative consequences
 on our business and operations in the future. 

The coverage of business
 or our common stock by securities or industry analysts or the absence thereof could adversely affect the price of our securities
 and trading volume. 

We may issue additional
 preferred stock in the future with terms that could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock. 

Our Amended and Restated
 Articles of Incorporation allow for our board of directors to create new series of preferred stock without further approval by our
 stockholders, which could have an anti-takeover effect and could adversely affect holders of our common stock and warrants. 

Our quarterly results can
 fluctuate and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors, our stock price and the value of your investment could
 decline substantially. 

We may require additional
 capital to support our growth plans, and such capital may not be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all. This could hamper
 our growth and adversely affect our business. 

We may invest in or acquire
 other businesses, and our business may suffer if we are unable to successfully integrate acquired businesses into our company or
 otherwise manage the growth associated with multiple acquisitions. 

If we fail to detect fraud
 or theft, including by our users and employees, our reputation may suffer which could harm our brand and reputation and negatively
 impact our business, financial condition and results of operations and can subject us to investigations and litigation. 

Our growth will depend
 on our ability to attract and retain users, and the loss of our users, failure to attract new users in a cost-effective manner, or
 failure to effectively manage our growth could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Our online offerings are
 part of new and evolving industries, which presents significant uncertainty and business risks. 

Our profitability depends
 upon many factors for which no assurance can be given. 

Participation in the sports
 betting industry exposes us to trading, liability management and pricing risk. We may experience lower than expected profitability
 and potentially significant losses as a result of a failure to determine accurately the odds in relation to any particular event
 and/or any failure of the sports risk management processes. 

We may be subject to the
 payment of contributions or fees to sporting bodies or rights holders for the use of their data. 

We rely on other third-party
 data and live-streaming providers for real-time and accurate data and/or live streams for sporting events, and if such third parties
 do not perform adequately or terminate their relationships with us, our costs may increase and our business, financial condition
 and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We operate in a very competitive
 business environment and if we do not adapt our approach and our products to meet this competitive environment, our business, results
 of operations or financial condition could be adversely impacted. 

Risks that impact our affiliate
 marketing program may negatively impact us. 

There has been consolidation
 among our competitors in the esports and gaming industry. Such consolidation could result in the formation of larger competitors
 with increased financial resources and altered cost structures, which may enable them to offer more competitive pricing models, gain
 a larger market share of customers, expand product offerings and broaden their geographic scope of operations. 

Our business is particularly
 vulnerable to additional or increased taxes and fees. 

Our growth prospects depend
 on the legal status of real-money gaming in various jurisdictions, including within the United States, and legalization may not occur
 in as many states or countries as we expect, or may occur at a slower pace than we anticipate. Additionally, even if jurisdictions
 legalize real money gaming, this may be accompanied by legislative or regulatory restrictions and/or taxes that make it impracticable
 or less attractive to operate in those jurisdictions, or the process of implementing regulations or securing the necessary licenses
 to operate in a particular jurisdiction may take longer than we anticipate, which could adversely affect our future results of operations
 and make it more difficult to meet our expectations for financial performance. 

12 

Our business is subject
 to online security risk, including security breaches, denial of service or ransomware attacks, and loss or misuse of our stored information
 as a result of such a breach, including customers personal information, could lead to government enforcement action or other
 litigation, potential liability, or otherwise harm our business. 

Risks related to our reliance
 on third party technology, platforms and software third-party software ), and any failures, errors, defects or disruptions
 in such third-party software could diminish our brand and reputation, subject us to liability, disrupt our business and adversely
 affect our operating results and growth prospects. 

The success, including
 win or hold rates, of existing or future online betting and casino gaming products depends on a variety of factors and is not completely
 controlled by us. 

Future cash flow fluctuations
 may affect our ability to fund our working capital requirements or achieve our business objectives in a timely manner. 

Failure to attract, retain
 and motivate key employees may adversely affect our ability to compete and the loss of the services of key personnel could have a
 material adverse effect on the business. 

Our internal control over
 financial reporting does not currently meet the standards required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act ), and failure to achieve and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. 

Failure to remediate our
 material weaknesses or maintain adequate financial, information technology and management processes and controls could lead to errors
 in our financial reporting, which could adversely affect our business. 

Litigation costs and the
 outcome of litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

While we work to integrate
 the iGaming businesses and operations together and leverage with the esports business and operations, management s focus and
 resources may be diverted from operational matters and other strategic opportunities. 

The risks related to international
 operations, in particular in countries outside of the United States and Canada, could negatively affect our results. 

We are subject to foreign
 exchange and currency risks that could adversely affect our operations, and our ability to mitigate our foreign exchange risk through
 hedging transactions may be limited. 

The gaming industry is
 heavily regulated and failure by us to comply with applicable requirements could be disruptive to our business and could adversely
 affect our operations. 

We may not be able to capitalize on the expansion of
 online or other forms of interactive gaming or other trends and changes in the gaming industry, due to laws and regulations governing
 these industries in different jurisdictions. 

Global privacy concerns could result in regulatory
 changes and impose additional costs and liabilities on us, limit our use of information, and adversely affect our business. 

Our stockholders and business
 partners are subject to extensive governmental regulation and if a stockholder is found unsuitable by a gaming authority, that stockholder
 would not be able to beneficially own our shares directly or indirectly. 

Because a number of our
 directors and a substantial portion of our assets are located in jurisdictions other than the United States and Canada, you may have
 no effective recourse against the directors not located in the United States and Canada for misconduct and may not be able to enforce
 a judgment and/or civil liabilities against these directors. 

We rely on third-party providers to validate the identity
 and identify the location of our users, and if such providers fail to perform adequately, provide accurate information or we do not
 maintain business relationships with them, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our results of operations could be affected by natural
 events in the locations in which we operate or where our customers or suppliers operate. 

Changes in ownership of competitors or consolidations
 within the gaming industry may negatively impact pricing and lead to downward pricing pressures, which could reduce revenue. 

We rely on third-party payment processors to process
 deposits and withdrawals made by our users, and if we cannot manage our relationships with such third parties and other payment-related
 risks, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We are required to comply
 with applicable anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism legislation, a breach of which could lead to government
 enforcement action or other litigation, potential liability, or otherwise harm our business. 

We are subject to various
 laws relating to trade, export controls, and foreign corrupt practices, the violation of which could adversely affect our operations,
 reputation, business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. 

In the context of our European
 Union (the EU )-facing operations, we may be subject to specific compliance obligations under the General Data Protection
 Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the GDPR and associated laws and regulations in different EU Member States in which we operate
 as well as in portions of our business outside the EU, which may negatively affect our operations and financial results. 

We are subject to regulation
 affecting internet gaming which varies from one jurisdiction to another and future legislative and court proceedings pertaining to
 internet gaming may have a material impact on our operations and financial results. 

Regulations that may be
 adopted with respect to the Internet and electronic commerce may decrease the growth in the use of the Internet and lead to the decrease
 in the demand for our products and services. 

Legislative and regulatory
 changes could negatively affect our business and the business of our customers. 

If we fail to enforce and maintain our intellectual
 property rights, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. 

If we are subject to claims of intellectual property
 infringement or invalidity, our business operations and/or financial results may be negatively impacted either by the cost of litigation
 or any adverse result. 

Our intellectual property may be insufficient to properly
 safeguard our technology and brands. 

Compromises of our systems
 or unauthorized access to confidential information or our customers personal information could materially harm our reputation
 and business. 

Systems, network or telecommunications
 failures or cyber-attacks may disrupt our business and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Malfunctions of third-party
 communications infrastructure, hardware and software expose us to a variety of risks that we cannot control. 

Disruption of our network
 systems or their inability to meet growing demand can negatively affect our business and financial results. 

Service interruptions of internet service providers
 could impair our ability to carry on our business. 

Efforts to remediate our
 material weaknesses and comply with the applicable provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act will involve significant expenditures,
 and non-compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may adversely affect us and the market price of our common stock. 

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and
 Nevada law could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company and may affect the trading price of our common stock
 and common warrants. 

We are a smaller reporting
 company and a non-accelerated filer and the reduced disclosure requirements available to us may make our common stock less attractive
 to investors. 

13 

The
summary risk factors described above should be read together with the text of the full risk factors below and in the other information
set forth in this Annual Report, including our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, as well as in other documents
that we file with the SEC. If any such risks and uncertainties actually occur, our business, prospects, financial condition and results
of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The risks summarized above or described in full below are not the only risks
that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially
adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks
Related to Owning our Common Stock 

Because
there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time, an investment in our common
stock is highly speculative; holders of our common stock could suffer a total loss of their investment. 

Without
additional financing, our cash will be depleted in the near term. In addition to the risks related to the Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, we have an accumulated deficit of 181,425,905 as of June 30, 2023 and
have a history of recurring losses from operations and recurring negative cash flows from operations. We also considered our current
liquidity as well as future market and economic conditions that may be deemed outside of our control as it relates to obtaining
financing and generating future profits. We believe that our current level of cash is not sufficient to fund our operations and
obligations without additional financing. Our ability to raise financing is subject to several factors, including market and
economic conditions, performance, and investor sentiment as it relates to us and the esports and iGaming industry. The combination
of these conditions was determined to raise substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. Furthermore, we
may seek alternative sources of equity or debt financing, delay capital expenditures or evaluate potential asset sales, and
potentially could seek relief under the applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws. In the event of a bankruptcy proceeding or
insolvency, or restructuring of our capital structure, holders of our common stock could suffer a total loss of their
investment. 

14 

If
we fail to maintain compliance with the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, our common stock may be delisted and the price of our
common stock and our ability to access the capital markets could be negatively impacted. 

On
April 11, 2022, the Company received a deficiency notification letter from the Listing Qualifications Staff of Nasdaq indicating that
the Company was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) because the bid price for the Company s common stock had
closed below 1.00 per share for the previous thirty consecutive business days (the Bid Price Rule ). 

On
June 7, 2022, the Company received a further letter from Nasdaq notifying the Company that for the last 30 consecutive business days,
the Company s minimum Market Value of Listed Securities MVLS was below the minimum of 35,000,000 required for
continued listing on Nasdaq pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2). 

On
October 11, 2022, we received a third letter from Nasdaq notifying us that our common stock will be delisted, and our common stock warrants
traded under the symbols GMBLW and GMBLZ and our 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock traded under symbol GMBLP
will no longer qualify for listing, and in that regard trading of our common stock, common stock warrants and 10 Series A Cumulative
Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock will be suspended. We requested an appeal with the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel and the hearing was held on November 17, 2022. 

On
November 30, 2022, the Company received a determination from the Panel granting the Company s request for the continued listing
of its common stock on the Capital Market tier of Nasdaq, subject to the Company evidencing compliance with the Bid Price Rule, and the
minimum of 2,500,000 stockholders equity requirement (the Equity Rule ), as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rules 5550(a)(2)
and 5550(b)(1), respectively, on or before February 7, 2023 (which, as described below, was subsequently extended on February 8, 2023)
and March 31, 2023, respectively, and adhering to certain other conditions and requirements described below. 

On
December 6, 2022, the Company received a fourth letter from Nasdaq notifying the Company that it has not regained compliance with the
MVLS Rule. This was addressed in the November 17, 2022, hearing before the Panel where the Company presented on its plan to comply with
the MVLS Rule or alternative criteria and was granted continued listing subject to the criteria noted above. 

On
February 8, 2023, we received notice from the Panel updating its remaining conditions as follows: 

1. 
 On
 February 20, 2023, the Company shall provide a written update to the Panel regarding the progress of its debt-to-equity conversion
 plan and its impact on the Company s equity; 

2. 
 On
 March 7, 2023, the Company shall have demonstrated compliance with the Bid Price Rule, by evidencing a closing bid price of 1.00
 or more per share for a minimum of ten consecutive trading sessions; and 

3. 
 On
 March 31, 2023, the Company shall demonstrate compliance with the Equity Rule. 

The
Company provided an update on its progress to the Panel on February 20, 2023 and on March 9, 2023, the Company received a letter from
the Panel indicating that the Company has regained compliance with the Bid Price Rule. 

On
March 30, 2023, the Company submitted a written submission requesting an extension on the requirement to demonstrate compliance with
the Equity Rule and on April 6, 2023, the Panel granted an extension through April 30, 2023. 

On
May 1, 2023, the Company announced it met the minimum Equity Rule. 

On
June 13, 2023, the Company received a notice from the Panel providing that the Company demonstrated compliance with the requirements
for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, including the Equity Rule, as outlined in Listing Rule 5550(b)(1). 

On
September 6, 2023, the Company received a deficiency notification letter from the Staff indicating that the Company was not in compliance
with Bid Price Rule. 

15 

The
Company has 180 calendar days from the date of such notice, or until March 4, 2024, to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule. To
regain compliance, the bid price for the Company s common stock must close at 1.00 per share or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive
business days. 

The
Company remains subject to a Panel Monitor, as defined by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5815(d)(4)(A), through June 13, 2024. In
the event the Company fails to satisfy a continued listing requirement during the Panel Monitor, the Company will not be provided with
the opportunity to present a compliance plan to the Staff and the Staff will not be permitted to grant additional time for the Company
to regain compliance with respect to that deficiency, nor will the Company be afforded an applicable cure or compliance period pursuant
to Rule 5810(c)(3), which process might otherwise be available under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, but would instead have an opportunity
to request a new hearing with the Panel. The Company s securities may be delisted from Nasdaq at that time. 

Any
failure to maintain compliance with the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in the delisting of our common stock
from Nasdaq and negatively impact our Company and holders of our common stock, including by reducing the willingness of investors to
hold our common stock because of the resulting decreased price, liquidity and trading of our common stock, limited availability of
price quotations and reduced news and analyst coverage. Delisting may adversely impact the perception of our financial condition,
cause reputational harm with investors, our employees and parties conducting business with us and limit our access to debt and
equity financing. 

If
our common stock is delisted from Nasdaq and is traded over-the-counter, your ability to trade and the market price of our shares of
common stock may be restricted and negatively impacted. 

In
addition to the foregoing, if our common stock is delisted from Nasdaq and is traded on the over-the-counter market, the application
of the penny stock rules could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and increase the transaction costs
to sell those shares. The SEC has adopted regulations which generally define a penny stock as any equity security not listed
on a national securities exchange or quoted on Nasdaq that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions.
If our common stock is delisted from Nasdaq and is traded on the over-the-counter market at a price of less than 5.00 per share, our
common stock would be considered a penny stock. Unless otherwise exempted, the SEC s penny stock rules require a broker-dealer,
before a transaction in a penny stock, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information about penny stock
and the risks in the penny stock market, the current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer
and the salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s
account. Further, prior to a transaction in a penny stock, the penny stock rules require the broker-dealer to provide a written determination
that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s agreement to the transaction. If applicable
in the future, the penny stock rules may restrict the ability of brokers-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect the ability
of investors to sell their shares, until our common stock is no longer a penny stock. 

We
implemented the Reverse Stock Split on February 22, 2023 and the liquidity of our common stock may be continue to be adversely
effected. 

We
effected the Reverse Stock Split of our outstanding common stock. The liquidity of the shares of our common stock may continue to be
affected adversely by the Reverse Stock Split given the reduced number of shares of our common stock that are outstanding following the
Reverse Stock Split, particularly if the market price of our common stock does not increase from its recent decline partly as a result
of the Reverse Stock Split. Following the Reverse Stock Split, the market price of our common stock may not attract new investors and
may not satisfy the investing requirements of those investors. There can be no assurance that our share prices will attract new investors,
including institutional investors. In addition, there can be no assurance that the market price of our common stock will satisfy the
investing requirements of those investors. As a result, the trading liquidity of our common stock may not necessarily improve. 

16 

If
we implement a second reverse stock split, the liquidity of our common stock may be further adversely effected. 

If
required to maintain compliance with Nasdaq listing rules, we will plan to effect a second reverse stock split of our outstanding
common stock, with our Board having the discretion as to the exact ratio of any reverse stock split. Under Nevada law, our board of
directors may take action to effect a reverse split of our common stock and a corresponding decrease to our authorized capital
stock, without stockholder approval pursuant to Nevada Revised Statutes 78.207 if required to comply with the Bid Price Rule and if
deemed to be in the interests of the Company. However, there can be no assurance that the market price per share of our common stock
after the reverse stock split will remain unchanged or increase in proportion to the reduction in the number of shares of our common
stock outstanding before the reverse stock split. The liquidity of the shares of our common stock may be further affected adversely
by any reverse stock split given the reduced number of shares of our common stock that will be outstanding following the reverse
stock split, particularly if the market price of our common stock does not increase as a result of the reverse stock split.
Following any reverse stock split, the resulting market price of our common stock may not attract new investors and may not satisfy
the investing requirements of those investors. Although we believe that a higher market price of our common stock may help generate
greater or broader investor interest, there can be no assurance that the reverse stock split will result in a share price that will
attract new investors, including institutional investors. In addition, there can be no assurance that the market price of our common
stock will satisfy the investing requirements of those investors. As a result, the trading liquidity of our common stock may not
necessarily improve. 

The
Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock will continue to subordinate the rights of the holders
of shares of our common stock and their terms have obligated us, and may continue to obligate us, to increase the value of such preferred
stock due to forces that may be within, or outside of, our control. 

The
Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock give the Holder many of the certain rights,
including the ability to convert at will the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock to
shares of our common stock at a discount to the market prices of our common stock, which results in dilution to the holders of
shares of our common stock, and the right to payment of cash and/or shares as dividends accrued on the Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, and an increase in the respective Stated Values (and accordingly, the
Conversion Amounts), based on a premium, in the event of a Triggering Event (as described in the Series C Certificate of
Designations and Series D Certificate of Designations). Dividends accrued or paid on the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and
Series D Convertible Preferred Stock are expected to significantly reduce or eliminate any cash that we might otherwise have
available for the payment of dividends on shares of common stock in the future. In the event a Bankruptcy Triggering Event (as
defined in the Series C Certificate of Designations and Series D Certificate of Designations) occurs, the Company will be required
to redeem, in cash, the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock at a redemption price based on
a required premium, as described in the Series C Certificate of Designations and Series D Certificate of Designations. 

In
addition, under Section 4(e)(iii) of the Series C Certificate of Designations and Series D Certificate of Designations, in the event
that the Alternate Conversion Price (as defined in the Series C Certificate of Designations and Series D Certificate of Designations) falls below the Floor Price (as defined in the Series C Certificate of Designations and Series D Certificate of Designations) at the time
of a conversion using the Alternate Conversion Price, the accrued and unpaid dividends on the outstanding shares of preferred stock shall
automatically increase, pro rata, by the applicable Alternate Conversion Floor Amount (as defined in the Series C Certificate of Designations
and Series D Certificate of Designations) or, at the Company s option, the Company shall deliver the applicable Alternate Conversion
Floor Amount to the holder on the applicable date of conversion. 

As
part of the August 2023 Settlement Agreement and the October 2023 Settlement Agreement, the Company triggered the anti-dilution down
round price protection provisions of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock that allows
for the conversion at the conversion price described below. Due to the down round price protection provision on the Series C
Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company recorded a deemed dividend within stockholders equity associated with the
reduction in conversion price in effect prior to the August 2023 Settlement Agreement from 0.44, and the October 2023 Settlement
Agreement from 0.10, to the conversion price as defined below, of approximately 10.9 million based on the incremental value
to the Holder due to the conversion price reduction. This incremental value will be presented on the consolidated statement of
operations as an addition to the net loss available to common stockholders in the year ending June 30, 2024. The incremental value
was determined by computing the additional shares the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock
that would be received based on the conversion price reduction multiplied by the estimated fair value of common stock of 0.1935 as
of August 15, 2023, for the August 2023 Settlement Agreement and the additional shares the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and
Series D Convertible Preferred Stock that would be received based on the conversion price reduction multiplied by the estimated fair
value of common stock of 0.0965 as of October 6, 2023 for the October 2023 Settlement Agreement. 

17 

From
July 1, 2023 through October 12, 2023, one business day preceding this filing, the Holder converted 12.3 million in Series C
Convertible Preferred Stock for 49,916,813 shares of our common stock at conversion prices equal to 90 of the lowest VWAP (as defined in
the Senior Convertible Note) of our common stock for a trading day during the ten (10) consecutive trading day period ending, and
including, the applicable date that the conversion price was lowered for purposes of a conversion, or the floor in place at the time
of the conversion, offset by the aggregate Alternate Conversion Floor Amount of approximately 3.8 million and accrued dividends of
 0.5 million. The balance of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock was reduced to approximately 6.4 million as of October 12,
2023, one business day preceding this filing. The alternate conversion Floor Adjustment was recorded as a deemed dividend and will
be on the consolidated statement of operations as an addition to the net loss available to common stockholders. No such amounts are
due under the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. 

We
have provided a summary of the material terms of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and the Series D Convertible Preferred
Stock in our Description of Securities, filed as Exhibit 4.4 to this report. 

We
may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and stock price, which could affect our stock price and cause you to lose some
or all of your investment. 

We
may be forced to write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in
losses. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges
of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. The result of these charges may thus be to
negatively affect the price of our common stock causing stockholders to suffer a reduction in the value of their shares and could impact
our compliance with the Equity Rule under the Nasdaq listing rules. 

The
trading price of our common stock has been, and will likely continue to be, volatile and as a result you could lose all or part of your
investment due to dips in the market price caused by market fluctuations. 

The
trading price of our common stock has been, and will likely continue to be, volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to
various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on your investment
in our common stock and our common stock may trade at prices significantly below the price you paid for them. In such circumstances,
the trading price of our securities may not recover and may experience a further decline. 

Factors
affecting the trading price of our common stock may include: 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar
 to us; 

changes
 in the market s expectations about our operating results; 

success
 of competitors; 

lack
 of adjacent competitors; 

our
 results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period; 

changes
 in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning us or the industries in which we operate in general; 

our
 ability to market new and enhanced products and services on a timely basis; 

commencement
 of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; 

changes
 in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 

the
 volume of sales of shares of our common stock by our directors, executive officers or significant stockholders, including sales of
 shares issued upon conversions of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock or Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, or the
 perception that such sales could occur; and 

general
 economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations and acts of
 war or terrorism. 

Broad
market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of our common stock irrespective of our operating performance. The stock
market in general, and Nasdaq in particular, has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of the affected companies. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our common stock, may
not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for the stocks of other companies which investors perceive to be similar
to us could depress our stock price regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations. A decline in
the market price of our common stock also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability to obtain
additional financing in the future. 

18 

The
exercise of our outstanding options and warrants will result in significant dilution to our stockholders. 

As
of June 30, 2023, we had outstanding options to purchase up to 30,621 shares of our common stock including an award of 25,000 time-based
stock options to our Chief Executive Officer, for options to purchase a total of 25,000 shares of common stock. In addition, as of
June 30, 2023, we had outstanding warrants to purchase up to approximately 1,975,339 shares of our common stock. The exercise of a significant
portion of our outstanding options and warrants may result in significant dilution to our stockholders. 

The
coverage of business or our common stock by securities or industry analysts or the absence thereof could adversely affect the price of
our securities and trading volume. 

The
trading market for our common stock is influenced in part by the research and other reports that industry or securities analysts publish
about us or our business or industry from time to time. We do not control these analysts, or the content and opinions included in their
reports. Analysts who publish information about our securities may have had relatively little experience with our company given our history,
which could affect their ability to accurately forecast our results and make it more likely that we fail to meet their estimates. If
analysts do cover us and one or more of them downgrade our securities, or if they issue other unfavorable commentary about us or our
industry or inaccurate research, our stock price would likely decline. Furthermore, if one or more of these analysts cease coverage or
fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets. Any of the foregoing would likely cause our
stock price and trading volume to decline. 

We
currently do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock. As a result, your only opportunity to achieve a return on your investment
is if the price of our common stock appreciates. 

We
currently do not expect to declare or pay dividends on our common stock. We have entered into, and in the future we may also enter
into agreements that prohibit or restrict our ability to declare or pay dividends on our common stock. As a result, your only
opportunity to achieve a return on your investment will be if the market price of our common stock appreciates and you sell your
shares at a profit. 

You
will also experience dilution of your ownership interest due to the future issuance of additional shares of our common
stock. 

We
are in a capital-intensive business and we do not have sufficient funds to finance the growth of our business or to support our
projected capital expenditures. As a result, we will require additional funds from future equity or debt financings, including sales
of preferred shares or convertible debt, to complete the development of new projects and pay the general and administrative costs of
our business. We will in the future issue our previously authorized and unissued securities, resulting in the dilution of the
ownership interests of holders of our common stock. We are currently authorized to issue 500,000,000 shares of common stock and
10,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock. Additionally, we implemented the Reverse Stock Split, without a corresponding
reduction in the total number of authorized shares of common stock. The potential issuance of such additional shares of common or
preferred stock or convertible debt, including upon conversions of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and/or Series D
Convertible Preferred Stock, may create downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. We may also issue additional
shares of common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock in future public offerings or
private placements for restructurings, capital raising purposes or for other business purposes. The future issuance of a substantial
number of common shares into the public market, or the perception that such issuance could occur, could adversely affect the
prevailing market price of our common shares. A decline in the price of our common shares could make it more difficult to raise
funds through future offerings of our common stock or securities convertible into common stock. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could occur at any time, either by us or our
stockholders, including the Holder of our Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock. Actual
sales of our common stock, or the perception in the market that we or holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares,
could reduce the market price of our common stock. Our outstanding shares of common stock may be freely sold in the public market at
any time to the extent permitted by the Securities Act or to the extent such shares have already been registered under the
Securities Act and are held by non-affiliates. 

19 

We
may issue additional preferred stock in the future with terms that could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock. 

Our
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation authorize us to issue, without stockholder approval, one or more series of preferred
stock having such designation, powers, privileges, preferences, including preferences over our common stock with respect to
dividends and distributions, terms of redemption and relative participation, optional, or other rights, if any, of the shares of
each such series of preferred stock and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as our Board may determine. In
addition to the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock that were issued to the Holder, the
terms of one or more other series of preferred stock that we may issue in the future could dilute the voting power or reduce the
value of our common stock. For example, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences we assigned to the Holder of
our preferred stock could affect the residual value of our common stock. 

Our
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation allow for our Board to create new series of preferred stock without further approval
by our stockholders, which could have an anti-takeover effect and could adversely affect holders of our common stock and warrants. 

Our
authorized capital includes preferred stock issuable in one or more series. Our Board has the authority to issue preferred stock and
determine the price, designation, rights, preferences, privileges, restrictions and conditions, including voting and dividend rights,
of those shares without any further vote or action by stockholders. The rights of the holders of common stock will be subject to, and
may be adversely affected by, the rights of holders of any preferred stock that may be issued in the future. The issuance of additional
preferred stock, while providing desirable flexibility in connection with restructurings, possible financings and acquisitions and other
corporate purposes, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of the voting power of our outstanding voting
securities, which could deprive our holders of common stock of a premium that they might otherwise realize in connection with a proposed
acquisition of our company. 

On
November 10, 2021, we designated 1,725,000 shares of preferred stock as 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred
Stock, with a par value of 0.001 per share and liquidation preference of 11.00. On November 11, 2021, we announced that we priced
an underwritten public offering of preferred stock as 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock in the first
series issuance of preferred stock, of which 835,950 shares were issued at 10.00 per share on November 16, 2021. 

In
addition, under the terms of the underwriting agreement for the public offering of the 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible
Preferred Stock, the Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional 120,000 shares. On December 10,
2021, there was a partial exercise to purchase 35,950 shares. 

Each
share of 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into one share of common stock at a conversion
price of 17.50 per common share. Subject to earlier conversion or redemption, the 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred
Stock matures on November 15, 2026, at which point we must redeem the shares of 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable
Convertible Preferred Stock at the redemption price. 

Dividends
on the 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock are cumulative from the date of issuance. The dividends on the
10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock are payable in equal monthly installments on the last day of each
calendar month, when, as and if declared by our Board, in cash at an annual rate of 10.0 per annum. 

20 

The
10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock is also redeemable, at the option of the Board, in whole or in part, at
any time on or after January 1, 2023. 

The
holders of the 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock will not have any voting rights, except whenever dividends
on any share of any series of preferred stock Applicable Preferred Stock have not been paid in an aggregate amount equal
to four monthly dividends on the shares, the holders of the Applicable Preferred Stock will have the exclusive and special right, voting
separately as a class and without regard to series, to elect at an annual meeting of stockholders or special meeting held in place of
it one member of the Board, until all arrearages in dividends and dividends in full for the current monthly period have been paid. 

Further,
on December 20, 2022, we entered into a Subscription and Investment Representation Agreement with a member of management, the Chief Financial
Officer of the Company (Interim Chief Financial Officer at the time of the transaction), who was an accredited investor (the Purchaser ),
pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell 100 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Series B
Preferred Stock ), to the Purchaser for 10.00 per share in cash. The sale closed on December 21, 2022. 

On
December 21, 2022, we filed a Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of Nevada, effective as of the time of filing, designating
the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the shares of Preferred Stock. The Certificate of Designation provided that 100
shares of Series B Preferred Stock had 25 million votes each and was to vote together with the outstanding shares of our common stock
as a single class exclusively with respect to any proposal to effect a reverse stock split of our common stock. The Series B Preferred
Stock was voted, without action by the holder, on the reverse stock split proposal at our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders in the
same proportion as shares of common stock were voted. The Series B Preferred Stock otherwise had no voting rights except as otherwise
required by the Nevada Revised Statutes. 

The
Series B Preferred Stock was not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of stock or other securities.
The Series B Preferred Stock had no rights with respect to any distribution of our assets, including upon a liquidation, bankruptcy,
reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, dissolution or winding up, whether voluntarily or involuntarily. The holder of the Series
B Preferred Stock was not entitled to receive dividends of any kind. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Series B Preferred Stock, the outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock were redeemed in whole following the
effectiveness of stockholder approval of the Reverse Stock Split proposal. On February 10, 2023, the holder of the Series B Preferred
Stock received consideration of 10.00 per share in cash, or 1,000 in the aggregate. 

Additionally,
on April 28, 2023 and May 22, 2023, we filed a Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of Nevada, effective as of
the time of filing, for the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, respectively. These
designated the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and the Series
D Convertible Preferred Stock. 

The
exchange of the Senior Convertible Note into the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock extinguished the Senior Convertible Note and
the related debt liability outstanding of 15,230,024 into 15,230 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, 0.001 par value
per share, for a price of 1,000 per share (the Series C Preferred Stock ). 

On
May 22, 2023, we completed an offering to the Holder of (i) 4,300 shares of new Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, 0.001 par
value per share, for a price of 1,000 per share (the Series D Preferred Stock ), (ii) Common Warrants to purchase 1,433,333 shares of our common stock at a price
of 1.96 per share, and (iii) preferred warrants to purchase 4,300 shares of our Series D Preferred Stock at a price of 1,000 per
share, for total gross proceeds to the Company of approximately 4,300,000. 

21 

The
Series C Certificate of Designations and Series D Certificate of Designations are substantially the same and contemplate that both
the Series C Preferred Stock and the Series D Preferred Stock will be convertible into common stock (the Conversion
Shares at the option of the holder at any time from time to time after the date of issuance thereof. The number of
Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of any share of Series C Preferred Stock or Series D Preferred Stock, as applicable,
shall be determined by dividing (x) the Conversion Amount (as defined below) of a share of Series C Preferred Stock or share of
Series D Preferred Stock, as applicable, by (y), at the holder s option, either (i) the Conversion Price (as defined below);
and (ii) the Alternate Conversion Price (as defined below), subject to the Floor Price (as defined below). Conversion
Amount shall mean, with respect to each share of Series C Preferred Stock or share of Series D Preferred Stock, as applicable, the sum of (A) 1,000 (such amount, subject to
adjustment, the Stated Value and (B) all declared and unpaid dividends with respect to such Stated Value and any
other amounts owed under the Series C Certificate of Designations or share of Series D Certificate of Designations, as applicable, Conversion Price shall mean 2.50 and 3.00, for
the Series C Preferred Stock and for the Series D Preferred Stock, respectively, subject to adjustment as provided in the Series C
Certificate of Designations and Series D Certificate of Designations. Alternate Conversion Price shall mean with
respect to any Alternate Conversion that price which shall be, at the holder s option, either (i) the applicable Conversion
Price as in effect on the applicable Conversion Date of the applicable Alternate Conversion, and (ii) the greater of (x) the Floor
Price and (y) 90 of the lowest VWAP of the common stock during the ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period ending and including the
Trading Day of the applicable Conversion Notice (such period, the Alternate Conversion Measuring Period ). All such
determinations to be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar
transaction that proportionately decreases or increases the common stock during such Alternate Conversion Measuring Period.
 Floor Price shall mean 0.44 and 0.39, for the Series C Preferred Stock and for the Series D Preferred Stock,
respectively. 

The
Company shall not be allowed to effect the conversion of any of the Series C Preferred Stock or Series D Preferred Stock held by the
holder, and such holder shall not have the right to convert any of the Series C Preferred Stock or Series D Preferred Stock held by such
holder pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Series C Certificate of Designations and the Series D Certificate of Designations
to the extent that after giving effect to such conversion, such holder together with its affiliates and certain related parties collectively
would beneficially own in excess of 9.99 of the shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such conversion. 

Issuances
of shares of common stock upon conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock and Common Warrants in excess of 20 of the Company s
outstanding shares of common stock would require approval by the Company s stockholders pursuant to the rules and regulations of
the Nasdaq Stock Market. Under the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement for the Series D Preferred Stock offering, the Company
was obligated to use its reasonable best efforts to obtain such stockholder approval by August 15, 2023, which was not achievable, despite
reasonable best efforts. 

Dividends
on the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock accrue daily at a rate equal to 8.0 per annum, increasing 0.50 each
135 day anniversary from the date of each issuance and are payable by way of inclusion of the Dividends in the Conversion Amount on each
Conversion Date in accordance with an optional conversion or upon any redemption thereunder (including, without limitation, upon any
required payment upon any Bankruptcy Triggering Event, as defined in the Series C Certificate of Designations and Series D Certificate
of Designations). 

If
at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any options, convertible securities, or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities
or other property pro rata to all or substantially all of the record holders of any class of common stock (the Series C and Series
D Purchase Rights ), then each holder of the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Series C and Series D Purchase Rights, the aggregate Series C and Series D Purchase Rights which such
holder could have acquired if such holder had held the number of shares of common stock acquirable upon complete conversion of all the
Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock held by such holder immediately prior to the date as of which the record holders
of shares of common stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Series C and Series D Purchase Rights, subject to
certain limitations on beneficial ownership. 

The
Exchange Agreement that effected the exchange of the Senior Convertible Note to the Series C Preferred Stock and the Securities Purchase
Agreement that effected the Series D Preferred Stock offering each contained certain covenants and restrictions that the Company shall
not file certain registration statements or issue or sell securities for a period of time after the closings, as more fully described
in such agreements. These agreements contains customary representations and warranties and certain indemnification rights and obligations
of the parties. 

22 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

Competition
within the global interactive entertainment and gaming industries is intense and our existing and potential users may be attracted to
competing forms of entertainment such as television, movies and sporting events, as well as other entertainment and gaming options on
the Internet. If our offerings do not continue to be popular, our business could be harmed. 

There
is intense competition amongst gaming solution providers. There are a number of established, well financed companies producing both land-based
and online gaming and interactive entertainment products and systems that compete with our products. As some of our competitors have
financial resources that are greater than ours, they may spend more money and time on developing and testing products, undertake more
extensive marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing policies or otherwise develop more commercially successful products than
us, which could impact our ability to win new marketing contracts and renew our existing ones. Furthermore, new competitors may enter
our key market areas. If we are unable to obtain significant market presence or if we lose market share to our competitors, our results
of operations and future prospects would be materially adversely affected. There are many companies with already established relationships
with third parties, including gaming operators that are able to introduce directly competitive products and have the potential and resources
to quickly develop competitive technologies. Our success depends on our ability to develop new products and enhance existing products
at prices and on terms that are attractive to our customers. 

There
has also been consolidation among our competitors in the esports and gaming industry. Such consolidation could result in the formation
of larger competitors with increased financial resources and altered cost structures, which may enable them to offer more competitive
pricing models, gain a larger market share of customers, expand product offerings and broaden their geographic scope of operations. 

The
industries in which we operate are characterized by intense competition. We compete against other providers of retail or online sports
betting and online or brick-and-mortar casinos, as well as against providers of online and mobile entertainment and leisure products
more generally. Other companies that provide these products and services are often well-established and financed, and other companies
may introduce competitive products or services. Our competitors may spend more money and time on developing and testing products and
services, undertake more extensive or far-reaching marketing campaigns, adopt more aggressive pricing, bonusing or promotions or otherwise
develop more commercially successful products or services than ours, which could negatively impact our business. Our competitors may
also develop products, features or services that are similar to ours or that achieve greater market acceptance. New competitors, whether
licensed or not, may enter the sports betting or gaming industries. If we are unable to maintain or improve our market share, or if our
offerings do not continue to be popular, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected.
Competitive pressures may also adversely affect our margins. We operate in the global gaming and entertainment industry with our online
casino and online sports betting and other gaming offerings. Our customers face a vast array of entertainment choices. Other forms of
entertainment, such as television, movies and digital streaming and on-demand services (which continue to gain popularity), social media,
sporting events and in-person casinos, are more well-established, and our customers may view them as offering greater variety, affordability,
interactivity and enjoyment. We compete with these and other forms of entertainment for our customers discretionary time and income.
If we are unable to sustain sufficient interest in our online and retail product and service offerings in comparison to other forms of
entertainment, including new forms of entertainment, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be
adversely affected. Our ability to grow our revenue in the future will depend, in large part, upon our ability to attract new customers
to our offerings and retain and engage existing customers, as well as continued user adoption of online casino and online sports betting
more generally. Growth in the online casino, sports betting and gaming industries and the level of demand for and market acceptance of
our offerings will be subject to a high degree of uncertainty. We cannot provide assurance that customer adoption of our offerings will
continue at their current levels or increase, as necessary, in the future, or that we will achieve growth consistent with the industry. 

23 

We
have a history of accumulated deficits, recurring losses and negative cash flows from operating activities. We may be unable to achieve
or sustain profitability or remain a going concern. 

We
have only recently commenced revenue producing operations during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 through the previously mentioned
acquisitions. If we are unable to increase revenues in future periods, we will not be able to achieve and maintain profitability. Beyond
this, we may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons including other risks described in this document, and we
may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown events. Accordingly, we may not ever be able
to achieve profitability. We incurred negative cash flows from operating activities and recurring net losses in fiscal years 2023 and
2022. As of June 30, 2023, and 2022, our accumulated deficit was 181,425,905 and 149,140,426, respectively. These factors, among others,
raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
quarterly results can fluctuate and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors, our stock price and the value of your
investment could decline substantially. 

Our
betting operations are subject to the seasonal variations dictated by the sporting calendar, which may have an effect on its financial
performance. Customer engagement in our online casino and sports betting offerings may vary due to numerous factors, including customers
satisfaction with our platform, the number and timing of sporting events, the length of professional sports seasons, our offerings and
those of our competitors, our marketing efforts, climate and weather conditions, public sentiment or an economic downturn. As customer
engagement varies, so may our quarterly financial performance. Traditional sports have an off-season that can cause a corresponding,
temporary decrease in their respective revenues. Our ability to generate revenues is also affected by the scheduling of major events
that do not occur annually. 

24 

Cancellation
or curtailment of significant sporting events, for example due to adverse weather, traffic or transport disruption or civil disturbances
or the outbreak of infectious diseases, or the failure of certain sporting teams to qualify for sporting events, may adversely impact
our business, financial condition and results of operations for the relevant period. 

We
may require additional capital to support our growth plans, and such capital may not be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all.
This could hamper our growth and adversely affect our business. 

We
intend to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including
the need to develop new offerings and features or enhance our existing offerings and features, improve our operating infrastructure or
acquire complementary businesses, personnel and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to secure
additional funds. Our ability to obtain additional capital, if and when required, will depend on our business plans, investor demand,
our operating performance, capital markets conditions and other factors. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity, equity-linked
or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to the rights of our currently issued and outstanding
equity or debt, and our existing stockholders may experience dilution. If we are unable to obtain additional capital when required, or
on satisfactory terms, our ability to continue to support our business growth or to respond to business opportunities, challenges or
unforeseen circumstances could be adversely affected, and our business may be harmed. 

We
may invest in or acquire other businesses, and our business may suffer if we are unable to successfully integrate acquired businesses
into our company or otherwise manage the growth associated with multiple acquisitions. 

As
part of our business strategy, we have made, and we intend to continue to make, acquisitions as opportunities arise to add new or complementary
businesses, products, brands or technologies. In some cases, the costs of such acquisitions may be substantial, including as a result
of professional fees and due diligence efforts. There is no assurance that the time and resources expended on pursuing a particular acquisition
will result in a completed transaction, or that any completed transaction will ultimately be successful. In addition, we may be unable
to identify suitable acquisition or strategic investment opportunities, or may be unable to obtain any required financing or regulatory
approvals, and therefore may be unable to complete such acquisitions or strategic investments on favorable terms, if at all. We may decide
to pursue acquisitions with which our investors may not agree and we cannot assure investors that any acquisition or investment will
be successful or otherwise provide a favorable return on investment. In addition, acquisitions and the integration thereof require significant
time and resources and place significant demands on our management, as well as on our operational and financial infrastructure. In addition,
if we fail to successfully close transactions or integrate new teams, or integrate the products and technologies associated with these
acquisitions into our company, our business could be seriously harmed. Acquisitions may expose us to operational challenges and risks,
including: 

the
 ability to profitably manage acquired businesses or successfully integrate the acquired businesses operations, personnel,
 financial reporting, accounting and internal controls, technologies and products into our business; 

increased
 indebtedness and the expense of integrating acquired businesses, including significant administrative, operational, economic, geographic
 or cultural challenges in managing and integrating the expanded or combined operations; 

entry
 into jurisdictions or acquisition of products or technologies with which we have limited or no prior experience, and the potential
 of increased competition with new or existing competitors as a result of such acquisitions; 

diversion
 of management s attention and the over-extension of our operating infrastructure and our management systems, information technology
 systems, and internal controls and procedures, which may be inadequate to support growth; 

the
 ability to fund our capital needs and any cash flow shortages that may occur if anticipated revenue is not realized or is delayed,
 whether by general economic or market conditions, or unforeseen internal difficulties; and 

the
 ability to retain or hire qualified personnel required for expanded operations. 

25 

Our
acquisition strategy may not succeed if we are unable to remain attractive to target companies or expeditiously close transactions. Issuing
shares of common stock to fund an acquisition would cause economic dilution to existing stockholders. If we develop a reputation for
being a difficult acquirer or having an unfavorable work environment, or target companies view our common stock unfavorably, we may be
unable to consummate key acquisition transactions essential to our corporate strategy and our business may be seriously harmed. 

Risks
that impact our affiliate marketing program may negatively impact us. 

Because
we generate website traffic through our affiliate marketing program, if participants in our affiliate marketing program see a slowdown
in business or website traffic it may lead to fewer visitors on our website, which could have an adverse effect on our business. 

Because
a number of our directors and a substantial portion of our assets are located in jurisdictions other than the United States and Canada,
you may have no effective recourse against the directors not located in the United States and Canada for misconduct and may not be able
to enforce a judgment and/or civil liabilities against these directors. 

Three
of our directors and a substantial portion of our assets are or may be located in jurisdictions outside the U.S. As a result, a person
may not be able to affect service of process within the U.S. on our directors and officers. A person also may not be able to recover
against them on judgments of U.S. courts or to obtain original judgments against them in foreign courts, including judgments predicated
upon civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws. 

Our
business is particularly vulnerable to additional or increased taxes and fees. 

We
believe that the prospect of raising significant additional revenue through taxes and fees is one of the primary reasons that certain
jurisdictions permit legalized gaming. As a result, gaming companies are typically subject to significant taxes and fees in addition
to the normal federal, state, provincial and local income taxes and such taxes and fees may be increased at any time. From time to time,
legislators and officials have proposed changes in tax laws or in the administration of laws affecting the gaming industry. Many states
and municipalities, including ones in which we operate, are currently experiencing budgetary pressures that may make it more likely they
would seek to impose additional taxes and fees on our operations. It is not possible to determine the likelihood or extent of any such
future changes in tax laws or fees, or changes in the administration of such laws; however, if enacted, such changes could have a material
adverse impact on our business. 

Our
growth prospects depend on the legal status of real-money gaming in various jurisdictions, including within the United States, and legalization
may not occur in as many states or countries as we expect, or may occur at a slower pace than we anticipate. Additionally, even if jurisdictions
legalize real money gaming, this may be accompanied by legislative or regulatory restrictions and/or taxes that make it impracticable
or less attractive to operate in those jurisdictions, or the process of implementing regulations or securing the necessary licenses to
operate in a particular jurisdiction may take longer than we anticipate, which could adversely affect our future results of operations
and make it more difficult to meet our expectations for financial performance. 

A
number of U.S. states have legalized, or are currently considering legalizing, real money gaming. Our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects are significantly dependent upon continued and increasing legalization of real money gaming. If a
large number of additional states or the federal government enact real money gaming legislation and we are unable to obtain, or are otherwise
delayed in obtaining the necessary licenses to operate online sports betting or iGaming websites in U.S. jurisdictions where such games
are legalized, our future growth in online sports betting and iGaming could be materially impaired. 

26 

As
we enter into new jurisdictions, states or the federal government may legalize real money gaming in a manner that is unfavorable to us.
As a result, we may encounter legal, regulatory and political challenges that are difficult or impossible to foresee and which could
result in an unforeseen adverse impact on planned revenues or costs associated with the new opportunity. For example, certain states
require us to have a relationship with a retail operator for online gaming access, which tends to increase our costs of revenue. States
that have established state-run monopolies may limit opportunities for participants like us. States also impose substantial tax rates
on online sports betting and iGaming revenue, in addition to the federal excise tax of 25 basis points on the amount of each wager. As
most state product taxes apply to various measures of modified gross profit, tax rates, whether federal- or state-based, that are higher
than we expect will make it more costly and less desirable for us to launch in a given jurisdiction, while tax increases in any of our
existing jurisdictions may adversely impact our profitability. 

Therefore,
even in cases in which a jurisdiction purports to license and regulate sports betting or iGaming, the licensing and regulatory regimes
can vary considerably in terms of their business-friendliness and at times may be intended to provide incumbent operators with advantages
over new licensees. Therefore, some liberalized regulatory regimes are considerably more commercially attractive than others. 

Furthermore,
in the online real money gaming industry, a significant first mover advantage exists. Our ability to compete effectively
in respect of a particular style of online real money gaming in the United States may be premised on introducing a style of gaming before
our competitors. Failing to do so could materially impair our ability to grow in the online real money gaming space. We may fail to accurately
predict when online real money gaming will be legalized in significant jurisdictions. The legislative process in each state and at the
Federal level is unique and capable of rapid, often unpredictable change. If we fail to accurately forecast when and how, if at all,
online real money gaming will be legalized in additional state jurisdictions, such failure could impair our readiness to introduce online
real money gaming offerings in such jurisdictions which could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Our
business is subject to online security risk, including security breaches, denial of service or ransomware attacks, and loss or misuse
of our stored information as a result of such a breach, including customers personal information, could lead to government enforcement
action or other litigation, potential liability, or otherwise harm our business. 

We
receive, process, store and use personal information and other customer data. There are numerous federal, state and local laws regarding
privacy and the storing, sharing, use, processing, disclosure and protection of personal information and other data. Any failure or perceived
failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to customers or other third parties, or our privacy-related
legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of personally identifiable information
or other player data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation or public statements against us by consumer advocacy
groups or others and could cause our customers to lose trust in us which could have an adverse impact on our business. In the area of
information security and data protection, many states have passed laws requiring notification to customers when there is a security breach
for personal data, such as the 2002 amendment to California s Information Practices Act, or requiring the adoption of minimum information
security standards that are often vaguely defined and difficult to practically implement. The costs of compliance with these types of
laws may increase in the future as a result of changes in interpretation or changes in law. Any failure on our part to comply with these
types of laws may subject us to significant liabilities. 

Third
parties we work with, such as vendors, may violate applicable laws or our policies, and such violations may also put our customers 
information at risk and could in turn have an adverse impact on our business. We are also subject to payment card association rules and
obligations under each association s contracts with payment card processors. Under these rules and obligations, if information
is compromised, we could be liable to payment card issuers for the associated expense and penalties. If we fail to follow payment card
industry security standards, even if no customer information is compromised, we could incur significant fines or experience a significant
increase in payment card transaction costs. 

27 

Security
breaches, computer malware and computer hacking attacks have become more prevalent in our industry. Many companies, including ours, have
been the targets of such attacks. Any security breach caused by hacking which involves efforts to gain unauthorized access to information
or systems, or to cause intentional malfunctions or loss or corruption of data, software, hardware or other computer equipment, and the
inadvertent transmission of computer viruses could harm our business. Though it is difficult to determine what harm may directly result
from any specific interruption or breach, any failure to maintain performance, reliability, security and availability of our network
infrastructure to the satisfaction of our players may harm our reputation and our ability to retain existing players and attract new
players. 

If
we experience unauthorized disclosure of the source code we currently license we could potentially lose future trade secret protection
for that source code. This could make it easier for third parties to compete with our products by copying functionality which could adversely
affect our revenue and operating margins. Unauthorized disclosure of source code also could increase security risks. 

Because
the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, change frequently and often are not
recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures.
We have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect customer information and prevent data loss and other security breaches,
including systems and processes designed to reduce the impact of a security breach at a third-party vendor; however, such measures cannot
provide absolute security. 

Risks
related to our reliance on third party technology, platforms and software third-party software ), and any failures, errors,
defects or disruptions in such third-party software could diminish our brand and reputation, subject us to liability, disrupt our business
and adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects. 

We
rely on third party software that is critical to the performance of our platform and offerings and to user satisfaction. Lucky Dino has
various third-party casino game suppliers. 

If
there is any interruption to the third-party software provided by these suppliers or their products or services are not as scalable as
anticipated or at all, or if there are problems in upgrading such products or services, our business could be adversely affected, and
we may be unable to find adequate replacement services on a timely basis or at all and/or at a reasonable price. Additionally, third-party
software may contain errors, bugs, flaws or corrupted data, and these defects may only become apparent after their launch. If a particular
product offering is unavailable when end users attempt to access it or navigation through our platforms is slower than they expect, users
may be unable to place their bets and may be less likely to return to our platforms as often, if at all. Furthermore, programming errors,
defects and data corruption could disrupt our operations, adversely affect the experience of our users, harm our reputation, cause our
users to stop utilizing our platforms, divert our resources and delay market acceptance of our offerings, any of which could result in
legal liability to us or harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Moreover, end users are discriminating
about the nature of the products offered and if our suppliers do not provide new and improved products on a regular basis, we may lose
market share. 

There
is a risk that if contracts with such third parties are terminated or not renewed, or not renewed on favorable terms, or if they do not
get the level of support (in terms of updates and technical assistance) they require as we grow, our financial condition and performance
going forward may be materially impacted. There may be circumstances in which we wish to terminate our arrangements with such suppliers
due to poor performance or other reasons, but we are unable to do so. Any such circumstance may have a material adverse effect on our
reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

28 

We
are dependent upon such software suppliers defending any challenges to their intellectual property. Any litigation that arises as a result
of such change could materially impact us and, even if legal actions were successfully defended, such actions could disrupt our business
in the interim, divert management s time and result in significant cost and expense for us. Further, any negative publicity related
to any of our third-party partners, including any publicity related to regulatory concerns, could adversely affect our reputation and
brand, and could potentially lead to increased regulatory or litigation exposure. 

As
a condition of an ongoing license, permit or other authorization required for their business, a key supplier may determine that a condition
of the ongoing use its products and services, or the continuation of the license, is that we should block customers from certain territories,
which may cause business disruption and loss should we either need to switch suppliers on short notice or discontinue business in certain
territories, either permanently (while such suppliers are necessary) or pending the expiry of contract notice periods and/or the sourcing
of alternative suppliers. 

We
rely on third-party providers to validate the identity and identify the location of our users, and if such providers fail to perform
adequately, provide accurate information or we do not maintain business relationships with them, our business, financial condition and
results of operations could be adversely affected. 

There
is no guarantee that the third-party geolocation and identity verification systems that we rely on will perform adequately or will function
as designed and within the requirements of our business and the law. We rely on our geolocation and identity verification systems to
ensure we are in compliance with certain laws and regulations, and any service disruption to those systems would prohibit us from operating
our offerings and would adversely affect our business. Additionally, incorrect or misleading geolocation and identity verification data
with respect to current or potential users received from third-party service providers may result in us inadvertently allowing access
to our offerings to individuals who should not be permitted to access them, or otherwise inadvertently deny access to individuals who
should be able to access our offerings, in each case based on inaccurate identity or geographic location determination. Our third-party
geolocation service provider relies on its ability to obtain information necessary to determine geolocation from mobile devices, operating
systems, and other sources. Changes, disruptions or temporary or permanent failure to access such sources by our third-party services
providers may result in their inability to accurately determine the location of our users. Moreover, our inability to maintain our existing
contracts with third-party services providers, or to replace them with equivalent third parties, may result in our inability to access
geolocation and identity verification data necessary for our day-to-day operations. If any of these risks materialize, we may be subject
to disciplinary action, fines and lawsuits, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We
rely on third-party payment processors to process deposits and withdrawals made by our users, and if we cannot manage our relationships
with such third parties and other payment-related risks, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
affected. 

We
rely on a limited number of third-party payment processors to process deposits and withdrawals made by our users. If any of our third-party
payment processors terminates its relationship with us or refuses to renew its agreement with us on commercially reasonable terms, we
would need to find an alternate payment processor, and may not be able to secure similar terms or replace such payment processor in an
acceptable time frame. Further, the software and services provided by our third-party payment processors may not meet our expectations,
contain errors or vulnerabilities, be compromised or experience outages. Any of these risks could cause us to lose our ability to accept
online payments or other payment transactions or make timely payments to our users, any of which could make our technology less trustworthy
and convenient and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain our users. 

Nearly
all of our payments are made by credit card, debit card or through other third-party payment services, which subjects us to certain regulations
and to the risk of fraud. Any introduction of legislation or regulations restricting financial transactions with online gambling operators
or prohibiting the use of credit cards and other banking instruments for online gambling transactions, or any other increase in the stringency
of regulation of financial transactions, whether in general or in relation to the online gambling industry in particular, may restrict
our ability to accept payment from our customers or facilitate withdrawals by them. Certain governments may seek to impede the online
gambling industry by introducing legislation or through enforcement measures designed to prevent customers or financial institutions
based in their jurisdictions from transferring money to online gambling operations. They may seek to impose embargoes on currency use,
wherever transactions are taking place. This may result in the providers of payment systems for a particular market deciding to cease
providing their services for such market. This in turn would lead to an increased risk of payments due to us being misappropriated, frozen
or diverted by banks and credit card companies. We may in the future offer new payment options to users that may be subject to additional
regulations and risks. There may be a limited availability of alternative systems, in particular in light of recent consolidation in
the financial services industry. We are also subject to a number of other laws and regulations relating to the payments we accept from
our users, including with respect to money laundering, money transfers, privacy and information security. If we fail to comply with applicable
rules and regulations, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties, fines and/or higher transaction fees and may lose our ability
to accept online payments or other payment card transactions, which could make our offerings less convenient and attractive to our users.
If any of these events were to occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

29 

For
example, if we are deemed to be a money transmitter as defined by applicable regulation, we could be subject to certain laws, rules and
regulations enforced by multiple authorities and governing bodies in the United States and numerous state and local agencies who may
define money transmitter differently. For example, certain states may have a more expansive view of who qualifies as a money transmitter.
Additionally, outside of the United States, we could be subject to additional laws, rules and regulations related to the provision of
payments and financial services, and if we expand into new jurisdictions, the foreign regulations and regulators governing our business
that we are subject to will expand as well. If we are found to be a money transmitter under any applicable regulation and we are not
in compliance with such regulations, we may be subject to fines or other penalties in one or more jurisdictions levied by federal or
state or local regulators, including state Attorneys General, as well as those levied by foreign regulators. In addition to fines, penalties
for failing to comply with applicable rules and regulations could include criminal and civil proceedings, forfeiture of significant assets
or other enforcement actions. We could also be required to make changes to our business practices or compliance programs as a result
of regulatory scrutiny. 

If
we fail to detect fraud or theft, including by our users and employees, our reputation may suffer which could harm our brand and reputation
and negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations and can subject us to investigations and litigation. 

We
have in the past incurred, and may in the future incur, losses from various types of financial fraud, including use of stolen or fraudulent
credit card data, claims of unauthorized payments by a user and attempted payments by users with insufficient funds. Bad actors use increasingly
sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities involving personal information, such as unauthorized use of another person s
identity, account information or payment information and unauthorized acquisition or use of credit or debit card details, bank account
information and mobile phone numbers and accounts. Under current credit card practices, we may be liable for use of funds on our products
with fraudulent credit card data, even if the associated financial institution approved the credit card transaction. 

Acts
of fraud may involve various tactics, including collusion. Successful exploitation of our systems could have negative effects on our
product offerings, services and user experience and could harm our reputation. Failure to discover such acts or schemes in a timely manner
could result in harm to our operations. In addition, negative publicity related to such schemes could have an adverse effect on our reputation,
potentially causing a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In the event
of the occurrence of any such issues with our existing technology or product offerings, substantial engineering and marketing resources
and management attention may be diverted from other projects to correct these issues, which may delay other projects and the achievement
of our strategic objectives. 

In
addition, any misappropriation of, or access to, users or other proprietary information or other breach of our information security
could result in legal claims or legal proceedings, including regulatory investigations and actions, or liability for failure to comply
with privacy and information security laws, including for failure to protect personal information or for misusing personal information,
which could disrupt our operations, force us to modify our business practices, damage our reputation and expose us to claims from our
users, regulators, employees and other persons, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results
of operations and prospects. 

Despite
measures we have taken to detect and reduce the occurrence of fraudulent or other malicious activity on our offerings, we cannot guarantee
that any of our measures will be effective or will scale efficiently with our business. Our failure to adequately detect or prevent fraudulent
transactions could harm our reputation or brand, result in litigation or regulatory action and lead to expenses that could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

30 

We
are required to comply with applicable anti-money laundering and countering the financing of terrorism legislation a breach of which
could lead to government enforcement action or other litigation, potential liability, or otherwise harm our business. 

We
receive deposits and other payments from customers in the normal course of their business. The receipt of monies from customers imposes
anti-money laundering and other obligations and potential liabilities on us. Compliance with all such laws and regulations creates complex
regulatory obligations which involves a risk of large financial penalties (in not being fully compliant) and additional potential burdens
(in being fully compliant). While we have processes in place regarding customer profiling and the identification of customers 
source of funds, such processes may fail or prove to be inadequate whether in respect of the source of customers funds or otherwise.
Any such failure or inadequacy could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and impact upon our licensing obligations. 

Handling,
or any form of facilitating the use of criminal property, is a crime in all jurisdictions in which we take material custom (and going
forward will take material custom). In instances where no local licensing regime is in place and there is doubt in connection with the
legality of the remote supply of gambling services, there is a risk that the authorities will claim that money movements in connection
with gambling amounts to money laundering, irrespective of whether the intention is actually to launder money (i.e., to disguise or conceal
its provenance). This gives rise to a risk that when monies are held in (or moved into) certain territories, authorities may wish to
freeze their onward payment, seek to trace money movements into different jurisdictions and recover the relevant sums. This would give
rise to conflicts of law issues (not all the definitions of what comprises criminal property are identical in all jurisdictions) and
what may not amount to money laundering in one jurisdiction may satisfy the definition in that other territory. There is a risk that
should any such claim be brought and be successful, significant funds may have to be repatriated to the jurisdiction bringing a claim,
which would have a significant impact on our profitability. 

We
rely on other third-party data and live-streaming providers for real-time and accurate data and/or live streams for sporting events,
and if such third parties do not perform adequately or terminate their relationships with us, our costs may increase and our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We
rely on third-party sports data and live streaming providers to obtain accurate information regarding schedules, results, performance
and outcomes of sporting events and the live streaming of such events, such as horse racing. We rely on this data to determine when and
how bets are settled. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, errors in this data and/or streaming feed which may result
in us incorrectly settling bets. If we cannot adequately resolve the issue with our end users, our end users may have a negative experience
with our offerings, our brand or reputation may be negatively affected and our users may be less inclined to continue or resume utilizing
our products or recommend our platform to other potential users. As such, a failure or significant interruption in our service would
harm our reputation, business and operating results. 

Furthermore,
if any of our data and/or live streaming partners terminates its relationship with us or refuses to renew its agreement with us on commercially
reasonable terms, we would need to find an alternate provider, and may not be able to secure similar terms or replace such providers
in an acceptable time frame. Any of these risks could increase our costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Further, any negative publicity related to any of our third-party partners, including any publicity related to regulatory
concerns, could adversely affect our reputation and brand, and could potentially lead to increased regulatory or litigation exposure. 

31 

We
may be subject to the payment of contributions or fees to sporting bodies or rights holders for the use of their data. 

Gambling
operators can be liable to make contributions to sporting bodies whether under regulations or agreement, as a way of ensuring certain
revenues generated from betting on sports are used to benefit those sports or related interests. We may also be required to pay royalties
or other types of levies to the organizers of sporting events, or the rights holders in respect of such, to offer betting markets on
such events. Any requirement to pay additional levies, fees or royalties could have a material adverse effect on our business. In all
such cases, the level of any such levy, fee or royalty will be outside of our control and would have a negative effect on our business
and financial results. We cannot predict with any certainty what future payments may be required for the success of their business and
what other additional resources will need to be made available to address the conditions which impose fees, royalties or other levies,
as well as sports integrity issues. 

The
success, including win or hold rates, of existing or future online betting and casino gaming products depends on a variety of factors
and is not completely controlled by us. 

The
sports betting and casino gaming industries are characterized by an element of chance. Accordingly, our brands employ theoretical win
rates to estimate what a certain type of sports bet or game, on average, will win or lose in the long run. Net win is impacted by variations
in the hold percentage (the ratio of net win to total amount wagered), or actual outcome, on our games and sports betting we offer to
our users. We use the hold percentage as an indicator of a casino game s or sports bet s performance against its expected
outcome. Although each game or sports bet generally performs within a defined statistical range of outcomes, actual outcomes may vary
for any given period. In addition to the element of chance, win rates (hold percentages) may also (depending on the game involved) be
affected by the spread of limits and factors that are beyond our control, such as an end user s skill, experience and behavior,
the mix of games played, the financial resources of users, the volume of bets placed and the amount of time spent gambling. As a result
of the variability in these factors, the actual win rates on our online casino games and sports bets may differ from the theoretical
win rates we have estimated and could result in the winnings of our casino game s or sports bet s users exceeding those anticipated.
The variability of win rates (hold rates) also have the potential to negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows. 

Participation
in the sports betting industry exposes us to trading, liability management and pricing risk. We may experience lower than expected profitability
and potentially significant losses as a result of a failure to determine accurately the odds in relation to any particular event and/or
any failure of its sports risk management processes. 

Our
fixed-odds betting products involve betting where winnings are paid on the basis of the stake placed and the odds quoted. Odds are determined
with the objective of providing an average return to the Company over a large number of events and therefore, over the long term, gross
win percentage is expected to remain fairly constant. However, there can be significant variation in gross win percentage event-by-event
and day-by-day. As a result, in the short term, there is less certainty of generating a positive gross win, and we may experience significant
losses with respect to individual events or betting outcomes, in particular if large individual bets are placed on an event or betting
outcome or series of events or betting outcomes. Odds compilers and risk managers are capable of human error, thus even allowing for
the fact that a number of betting products are subject to capped pay-outs, significant volatility can occur. In addition, it is possible
that there may be such a high volume of trading during any particular period that even automated systems would be unable to address and
eradicate all risks. Any significant losses on a gross-win basis could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. In addition, if a jurisdiction where we hold or wish to apply for a license imposes a high turnover tax for
betting (as opposed to a gross-win tax), this too would impact profitability, particularly with high value/low margin bets, and likewise
have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our
profitability depends upon many factors for which no assurance can be given. 

Profitability
depends upon many factors, including the ability to develop and maintain valuable products and services, our ability to identify and
obtain the rights to additional products to add to our existing product line, success and expansion of our sales programs, expansion
of our customer base, obtaining the right balance of expense levels and the overall success of our business activities. We may not be
able to achieve or sustain profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would depress the
value of our company and our stock, and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, diversify our product offerings
or even continue our operations. A decline in the value of our stock could also cause you to lose all or part of your investment. 

32 

Future
cash flow fluctuations may affect our ability to fund our working capital requirements or achieve our business objectives in a timely
manner. 

Our
working capital requirements and cash flows are expected to be subject to quarterly and yearly fluctuations, depending on such factors
as timing and size of capital expenditures, levels of sales and collection of receivables, customer payment terms and supplier terms
and conditions. We expect that a greater than expected slow-down in capital spending by our customers may require us to adjust our current
business model. As a result, our revenues and cash flows may be materially lower than we expect, and we may be required to reduce our
capital expenditures and investments or take other measures in order to meet our cash requirements. We may seek additional funds from
liquidity-generating transactions and other conventional sources of external financing (which may include a variety of debt, convertible
debt and/or equity financings). We cannot provide any assurance that our net cash requirements will be as we currently expect. Our inability
to manage cash flow fluctuations resulting from the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our ability to fund our working
capital requirements from operating cash flows and other sources of liquidity or to achieve our business objectives in a timely manner. 

Our
business may be materially and adversely affected by increased levels of debt. 

In
order to finance our business or to finance possible acquisitions we may incur significant levels of debt compared to historical levels,
and we may need to secure additional sources of funding, which may include debt or convertible debt financing, in the future. A high
level of debt, arduous or restrictive terms and conditions relating to accessing certain sources of funding, failure to meet the financial
and/or other covenants in our credit and/or support facilities and any significant reduction in, or access to, such facilities, poor
business performance or lower than expected cash inflows could have adverse consequences on our ability to fund our business operations.
Other effects of a high level of debt include the following: 

we
 may have difficulty borrowing money in the future or accessing sources of funding; 

we
 may need to use a large portion of our cash flows from operating activities to pay principal and interest on our indebtedness, which
 would reduce the amount of cash available to finance our operations and other business activities; 

a
 high debt level, arduous or restrictive terms and conditions, or lower than expected cash flows would make us more vulnerable to
 economic downturns and adverse developments in our business; putting us at risk of violating debt covenants; and 

if
 operating cash flows are not sufficient to meet our operating expenses, capital expenditures and debt service requirements as they
 become due, we may be required, in order to meet our debt service obligations, to delay or reduce capital expenditures or the introduction
 of new products and services, sell assets and/or forego business opportunities including acquisitions, research and development projects
 or product design enhancements. 

Our
online offerings are part of new and evolving industries, which presents significant uncertainty and business risks. 

The
online gaming and interactive entertainment industry, which includes social, casual and mobile gaming and interactive entertainment,
is relatively new and continues to evolve. Whether these industries grow and whether our online business will ultimately succeed, will
be affected by, among other things, developments in social networks, mobile platforms, legal and regulatory developments (such as the
passage of new laws or regulations or the extension of existing laws or regulations to online gaming activities), taxation of gaming
activities, data privacy laws and regulation and other factors that we are unable to predict and which are beyond our control. Given
the dynamic evolution of these industries, it can be difficult to plan strategically, and it is possible that competitors will be more
successful than we are at adapting to change and pursuing business opportunities. Additionally, as the online gaming industry advances,
including with respect to regulation, we may become subject to additional compliance-related costs. Consequently, we cannot provide assurance
that its online and interactive offerings will grow at the rates expected or be successful in the long term. 

Several
companies have launched online social casino offerings, and new competitors are likely to continue to emerge, some of which may be operated
by social gaming companies with a larger base of existing users, or by casino operators with more experience in operating a casino. If
our products do not obtain popularity or maintain popularity or fail to grow in a manner that meets management s expectations,
our results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 

33 

We
operate in a very competitive business environment and if we do not adapt our approach and our products to meet this competitive environment,
our business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely impacted. 

There
is intense competition in the gaming management and gaming products industry which is characterized by dynamic customer demand and rapid
technological advances. Today, there are many systems providers in the U.S. and abroad offering casinos and gaming operators total
solution casino management and table games management systems. As a result, we must continually adapt our approach and our products
to meet this demand and match technological advances and if we cannot do so, our business results of operations or financial condition
may be adversely impacted. Conversely, the development of new competitive products or the enhancement of existing competitive products
in any market in which we operate could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. If we are
unable to remain dynamic in the face of changes in the market, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
or financial condition. 

Our
growth will depend on our ability to attract and retain users, and the loss of our users, failure to attract new users in a cost-effective
manner, or failure to effectively manage our growth could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects. 

Our
ability to achieve growth in revenue in the future will depend, in large part, upon our ability to attract new users to our offerings,
retain existing users of our offerings and reactivate users in a cost-effective manner. Achieving growth in our community of users may
require us to increasingly engage in sophisticated and costly sales and marketing efforts, which may not make sense in terms of return
on investment. We have used and expect to continue to use a variety of free and paid marketing channels, in combination with compelling
offers and exciting games to achieve our objectives. For paid marketing, we intend to leverage a broad array of advertising channels,
including sponsorships, affiliate networks, social media platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Twitch, paid and organic
search, and other digital channels, such as mobile display. If the search engines on which we rely modify their algorithms, change their
terms around gaming, or if the prices at which we may purchase listings increase, then our costs could increase, and fewer users may
click through to our website. If links to our website are not displayed prominently in online search results, if fewer users click through
to our website, if our other digital marketing campaigns are not effective, or if the costs of attracting users using any of our current
methods significantly increase, then our ability to efficiently attract new users could be reduced, our revenue could decline and our
business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 

In
addition, our ability to increase the number of users of our offerings will depend on continued user adoption of esports. Growth in the
esports industry and the level of demand for and market acceptance of our product offerings will be subject to a high degree of uncertainty.
We cannot assure that consumer adoption of our product offerings will continue or exceed current growth rates, or that the industry will
achieve more widespread acceptance. 

Additionally,
as technological or regulatory standards change and we modify our platforms to comply with those standards, we may need users to take
certain actions to continue playing, such as performing age verification checks or accepting new terms and conditions. Users may stop
using our product offerings at any time, including if the quality of the user experience on our platform, including our support capabilities
in the event of a problem, does not meet their expectations or keep pace with the quality of the customer experience generally offered
by competitive offerings. 

34 

Failure
to attract, retain and motivate key employees may adversely affect our ability to compete and the loss of the services of key personnel
could have a material adverse effect on the business. 

We
depend on the services of a few key executive officers. We recently hired a new Chief Executive Officer and promoted a new Chief Financial
Officer, due to departures of our previous Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (who also held the position of Chief Operating
Officer and subsequently returned to this position), and the loss of any key persons could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. Our success is also highly dependent on our continuing ability to identify, hire, train,
motivate and retain highly qualified technical, marketing and management personnel. Competition for such personnel can be intense, and
we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified technical, marketing and management personnel
in the future Stock options may comprise a significant component of key employee compensation, and if the market price of our common
stock price declines, it may be difficult to retain such individuals. Similarly, changes in our share price may hinder our ability to
recruit key employees, as they may elect to seek employment with other companies that they believe have better long-term prospects. Our
inability to attract and retain the necessary technical, marketing and management personnel may adversely affect our future growth and
profitability. Our retention and recruiting may require significant increases in compensation expenses, which would adversely affect
our results of operation. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting does not currently meet the standards required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and
failure to achieve and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Although we are not required to provide
an attestation report on the internal controls over financial reporting by our independent registered public accounting firm, we are
required to comply with applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act as well as other rules and regulations that include, but are
not limited to, the listing standards of Nasdaq, including changes in corporate governance practices and the establishment and maintenance
of effective disclosure and financial controls. The rules governing the standards that must be met for our management to assess our internal
control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation. We might encounter
problems or delays in completing the implementation of any changes necessary to make a favorable assessment of our internal control over
financial reporting as it relates to our operations inclusive of recent business combinations. If we cannot favorably assess the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in our financial information and the price of our common
stock could decline. 

Failure
to remediate our material weaknesses or maintain adequate financial, information technology and management processes and controls could
lead to errors in our financial reporting and decision making, which could adversely affect our business. 

We
have identified material weaknesses in our internal control that includes the inability to: (i) complete an effective assessment of
our internal controls over financial reporting, (ii) maintain sufficient period-end financial reporting controls related to
segregation of duties, reviews of completed or non-recurring transactions, accounting for income taxes, and procedures for preparing
the financial statements and disclosures and (iii) maintain sufficient information technology controls and perform testing of
information technology controls for operating effectiveness. If we do not remediate our material weaknesses and complete our
implementation of internal controls, we may not detect errors timely, produce reliable financial reports, and prevent financial
fraud. A lack of internal control could also result in regulatory scrutiny and a loss of confidence by stakeholders, which in turn
could harm our business and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Failure to comply with Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act could also potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC, FINRA or other regulatory
authorities, as well as increase the risk of liability arising from litigation based on securities law. If we are unable to upgrade
our systems, implement additional financial and management controls, reporting systems, IT systems and procedures, and hire
additional accounting, finance, compliance and audit staff in a timely and effective fashion, our ability to comply with our
financial reporting requirements and other rules that apply to reporting companies under the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
could be impaired. 

35 

Our
business is vulnerable to changing economic conditions and to other factors that adversely affect the industries in which we operate. 

The
demand for entertainment and leisure activities tends to be highly sensitive to changes in consumers disposable income, and thus
can be affected by changes in the economy and consumer tastes, both of which are difficult to predict and beyond our control. Unfavorable
changes in general economic conditions, including recessions, economic slowdown, sustained high levels of unemployment, and increasing
fuel or transportation costs, may reduce customers disposable income or result in fewer individuals visiting casinos, whether
land-based or online, or otherwise engaging in entertainment and leisure activities, including gambling. As a result, we cannot ensure
that demand for our products or services will remain constant. Continued or renewed adverse developments affecting economies throughout
the world, including a general tightening of availability of credit, decreased liquidity in many financial markets, increasing interest
rates, increasing energy costs, acts of war or terrorism, transportation disruptions, natural disasters, declining consumer confidence,
sustained high levels of unemployment or significant declines in stock markets, could lead to a further reduction in discretionary spending
on leisure activities, such as gambling. Any significant or prolonged decrease in consumer spending on entertainment or leisure activities
could reduce our online games, reducing our cash flows and revenues. If we experience a significant unexpected decrease in demand for
our products, we could incur losses. 

Changes
in ownership of competitors or consolidations within the gaming industry may negatively impact pricing and lead to downward pricing pressures
which could reduce revenue. 

A
decline in demand for our products in the gaming industry could adversely affect our business. Demand for our products is driven primarily
by the replacement of existing services as well as the expansion of existing online gaming, and the expansion of new channels of distribution,
such as mobile gaming. Additionally, consolidation within the online gambling market could result in us facing competition from larger
combined entities, which may benefit from greater resources and economies of scale. Also, any fragmentation within the industry creating
a number of smaller, independent operators with fewer resources could also adversely affect our business as these operators might cause
a further slowdown in the replacement cycle for our products. 

Litigation
costs and the outcome of litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

From
time to time, we may be subject to litigation claims through the ordinary course of our business operations regarding, among other things,
employment matters, security of consumer and employee personal information, contractual relations with suppliers, marketing and infringement
of trademarks and other intellectual property rights. Litigation to defend us against claims by third parties, or to enforce any rights
that we may have against third parties, may be necessary, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources, causing
a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Aside from the lawsuit and other matters referenced
herein under the heading Legal Proceedings , we are not aware of any current material legal proceedings outstanding, threatened
or pending as of the date hereof by or against us. However, given the nature of our business, we are, and may from time to time in the
future be, party to various, and at times numerous, legal, administrative and regulatory inquiries, investigations, proceedings and claims
that arise in the ordinary course of business. Because the outcome of litigation is inherently uncertain, if one or more of such legal
matters were to be resolved against us for amounts in excess of management s expectations, our results of operations and financial
condition could be materially adversely affected. 

While
we work to integrate the iGaming businesses and operations together and leverage with the esports business and operations, management s
focus and resources may be diverted from operational matters and other strategic opportunities. 

Successful
integration of acquisitions operations, sports betting, gaming and esports technology and personnel places an additional burden on management
and other internal resources. The diversion of management s attention and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration
process could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, uncertainty about the effect
of the acquisitions on our systems, employees, customers, partners, and other third parties, including regulators, may have an adverse
effect on us. These uncertainties may impair our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel for some time after the acquisitions. 

36 

Furthermore,
the overall integration of the businesses may result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses,
and loss of customers and other relationships. The difficulties of combining the operations of the companies include, among others, difficulties
in integrating operations and systems; conforming standards, controls, procedures and accounting and other policies, business cultures
and compensation structures; assimilating employees, including possible culture conflicts and different opinions on technical decisions
and product roadmaps; managing the expanded operations of a larger and more complex company, including coordinating a geographically
dispersed organization; and keeping existing customers and obtaining new customers. Many of these factors will be outside our control
and any one of them could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management s
time and energy, which could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
business may be materially and adversely affected by the combined company s business following acquisitions. If we are required
to write down goodwill and other intangible assets, our financial condition and results would be negatively affected. 

When
we acquire a business, a substantial portion of the purchase price of the acquisition is allocated to goodwill and other identifiable
intangible assets. The amount of the purchase price which is allocated to goodwill and other intangible assets is determined by the excess
of the purchase price over the net identifiable assets acquired. According to the Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-02 ,
Intangibles Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Accounting for Goodwill , and Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-18, Business
Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Identifiable Intangible Assets in a Business Combination , which addresses the financial
accounting and reporting standards for the acquisition of intangible assets outside of a business combination and for goodwill and other
intangible assets subsequent to their acquisition. This accounting standard requires that goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have
indefinite lives no longer be amortized but instead be tested for impairment at three different points in time. We must also perform
annual tests for impairment. However, upon meeting certain criteria, we may not require a quantitative annual test. We may also be required
to perform an interim impairment test, which is required if certain triggering events occur, such as adverse changes in
the business climate or market which might negatively impact the value of a reporting unit. Finally, other intangible assets will continue
to be amortized over their useful lives. Under current accounting standards, if we determine goodwill or intangible assets are impaired,
we will be required to write down these assets. Any write-down would have a negative effect on the consolidated financial statements
and could impact our compliance with equity requirement under the Nasdaq listing rules. 

Risks
Related to International Operations 

The
risks related to international operations, in particular in countries outside of the United States and Canada, could negatively affect
our results. 

A
material portion of our operations are conducted in foreign jurisdictions including Malta. It is expected that we will derive a significant
majority of our revenue from transactions denominated in currencies other than the United States dollar, and we expect that receivables
with respect to foreign revenues will continue to account for a majority of our total accounts and receivables outstanding. As such,
our operations may be adversely affected by changes in applicable foreign government policies and legislation or social instability and
other factors which are not within our control, including, but not limited to, recessions in foreign economies, expropriation, nationalization
and limitation or restriction on repatriation of funds, assets or earnings, longer receivables collection periods and greater difficulty
in collecting accounts receivable, changes in consumer tastes and trends, renegotiation or nullification of existing contracts or licenses,
changes in gaming policies, regulatory requirements or the personnel administering them, currency fluctuations and devaluations, exchange
controls, economic sanctions and royalty and tax increases, risk of terrorist activities, revolution, border disputes, implementation
of tariffs and other trade barriers and protectionist practices, taxation policies, including royalty and tax increases and retroactive
tax claims, volatility of financial markets and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, difficulties in the protection of intellectual
property particularly in countries with fewer intellectual property protections, the effects that evolving regulations regarding data
privacy may have on our online operations, adverse changes in the creditworthiness of parties with whom we have significant receivables
or forward currency exchange contracts, labor disputes and other risks arising out of foreign governmental sovereignty over the areas
in which our operations are conducted. Our operations may also be adversely affected by social, political and economic instability and
by laws and policies of such foreign jurisdictions affecting foreign trade, taxation and investment. If our operations are disrupted
and/or the economic integrity of our contracts is threatened for unexpected reasons beyond our control, our business may be harmed. 

37 

Our
international activities may require protracted negotiations with host governments, national companies and third parties. Foreign government
regulations may favor or require the awarding of contracts to local contractors or require foreign contractors to employ citizens of,
or purchase supplies from, a particular jurisdiction. In the event of a dispute arising in connection with our operations in a foreign
jurisdiction where we conduct our business, we may be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of foreign courts or may not be successful
in subjecting foreign persons to the jurisdictions of the courts of United States or Canada or enforcing American and Canadian judgments
in such other jurisdictions. We may also be hindered or prevented from enforcing our rights with respect to a governmental instrumentality
because of the doctrine of sovereign immunity. Accordingly, our activities in foreign jurisdictions could be substantially affected by
factors beyond our control, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. We believe that management s experience to
date in commercializing our products and solutions in Europe and the Caribbean may be of assistance in helping to reduce these risks.
Some countries in which we may operate may be considered politically and economically unstable. 

Doing
business in the industries in which we operate often requires compliance with numerous and extensive procedures and formalities. These
procedures and formalities may result in unexpected or lengthy delays in commencing important business activities. In some cases, failure
to follow such formalities or obtain relevant evidence may call into question the validity of the entity or the actions taken. Our management
is unable to predict the effect of additional corporate and regulatory formalities which may be adopted in the future including whether
any such laws or regulations would materially increase our cost of doing business or affect its operations in any area. 

We
may in the future enter into agreements and conduct activities outside of the jurisdictions where we currently carry on business, which
may present challenges and risks that we have not faced in the past, any of which could adversely affect the results of operations and/or
financial condition. 

We
are subject to foreign exchange and currency risks that could adversely affect our operations, and our ability to mitigate our foreign
exchange risk through hedging transactions may be limited. 

We
expect that we will derive a significant majority of our revenues in currencies other than the United States dollar; however, a substantial
portion of our operating expenses are incurred in United States dollars. Fluctuations in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar, the
Euro and other currencies may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Our consolidated
financial results are affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. Foreign currency exchange rate exposures arise from current
transactions and anticipated transactions denominated in currencies other than United States dollars and from the translation of foreign-currency-denominated
balance sheet accounts into United States dollar-denominated balance sheet accounts. We are exposed to currency exchange rate fluctuations
because portions of its revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the United States dollar, particularly the Euro.
In particular, uncertainty regarding economic conditions in Europe and the debt crisis affecting certain countries in the European Union
pose risk to the stability of the Euro. Exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect our operating results and cash flows and the
value of its assets outside of United States. If a foreign currency is devalued in a jurisdiction in which we are paid in such currency,
then our customers may be required to pay higher amounts for our products, which they may be unable or unwilling to pay. 

38 

While
we may enter into forward currency swaps and other derivative instruments intended to mitigate the foreign currency exchange risk, there
can be no assurance we will do so or that any instruments that we enter into will successfully mitigate such risk. If we enter into foreign
currency forward or other hedging contracts, we would be subject to the risk that a counterparty to one or more of these contracts defaults
on its performance under the contracts. During an economic downturn, a counterparty s financial condition may deteriorate rapidly
and with little notice, and we may be unable to take action to protect its exposure. In the event of a counterparty default, we could
lose the benefit of its hedging contract, which may harm its business and financial condition. In the event that one or more of our counterparties
becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy, our ability to eventually recover any benefit lost as a result of that counterparty s
default may be limited by the liquidity of the counterparty. We expect that we will not be able to hedge all of our exposure to any particular
foreign currency, and we may not hedge our exposure at all with respect to certain foreign currencies. Changes in exchange rates and
our limited ability or inability to successfully hedge exchange rate risk could have an adverse impact on our liquidity and results of
operations. 

Global
privacy concerns could result in regulatory changes and impose additional costs and liabilities on us, limit our use of information,
and adversely affect our business. 

Personal
privacy has become a significant issue in Canada, the United States, Europe, and many other countries in which we currently operate and
may operate in the future. Many federal, state, and foreign legislatures and government agencies have imposed or are considering imposing
restrictions and requirements about the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information obtained from individuals. Changes to
laws or regulations affecting privacy could impose additional costs and liability on us and could limit its use of such information to
add value for customers. If we were required to change our business activities or revise or eliminate services, or to implement burdensome
compliance measures, our business and results of operations could be harmed. In addition, we may be subject to fines, penalties, and
potential litigation if we fail to comply with applicable privacy regulations, any of which could adversely affect our business, liquidity
and results of operation. 

Our
results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we operate or where our customers or suppliers operate. 

We,
our customers, and our suppliers have operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as severe weather and other geological
events, including hurricanes, earthquakes, or flood that could disrupt operations. Any serious disruption at any of our facilities or
the locations of our customers or suppliers due to a natural disaster could have a material adverse effect on revenues and increase our
costs and expenses. If there is a natural disaster or other serious disruption at any of our facilities, it could impair our ability
to adequately supply our customers, cause a significant disruption to our operations, cause us to incur significant costs to relocate
or re-establish these functions and negatively impact our operating results. While we intend to seek insurance against certain business
interruption risks, such insurance may not adequately compensate us for any losses incurred as a result of natural or other disasters.
In addition, any natural disaster that results in a prolonged disruption to the operations of our customers or suppliers may adversely
affect its business, results of operations or financial condition. 

Risks
Related to Regulation 

The
gaming industry is heavily regulated and failure by us to comply with applicable requirements could be disruptive to our business and
could adversely affect our operations. 

The
gaming industry is subject to extensive scrutiny and regulation at all levels of government, both domestic and foreign, including but
not limited to, federal, state, provincial, local, and in some instances, tribal authorities. While the regulatory requirements vary
by jurisdiction, most require: 

licenses
 and/or permits; 

findings
 of suitability; 

documentation
 of qualifications, including evidence of financial stability; and 

other
 required approvals for companies who operate in online gaming or manufacture or distribute gaming equipment and services, including
 but not limited to approvals for new products. 

39 

Compliance
with the various regulations applicable to internet gaming is costly and time-consuming. Regulatory authorities at the non-U.S., U.S.
federal, state and local levels have broad powers with respect to the regulation and licensing of internet gaming operations and our
license may be revoked, suspended or limited for non-compliance and regulators have the power to impose substantial fines on us and take
other actions, any one of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects. These laws and regulations are dynamic and subject to potentially differing interpretations, and various legislative and regulatory
bodies may expand current laws or regulations or enact new laws and regulations regarding these matters. We will strive to comply with
all applicable laws and regulations relating to our business. It is possible, however, that these requirements may be interpreted and
applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules. Non-compliance with any
such law or regulations could expose us to claims, proceedings, litigation and investigations by private parties and regulatory authorities,
as well as substantial fines and negative publicity, each of which may materially and adversely affect our business. 

Any
license, permit, approval or finding of suitability may be revoked, suspended or conditioned at any time. The loss of a license in one
jurisdiction could trigger the loss of a license or affect our eligibility for a license in another jurisdiction. We may be unable to
obtain or maintain all necessary registrations, licenses, permits or approvals, and could incur fines or experience delays related to
the licensing process which could adversely affect its operations. The finding of suitability process may be expensive and time-consuming.
Our delay or failure to obtain licenses and approvals in any jurisdiction may prevent us from distributing our solutions and generating
revenues. A gaming regulatory body may refuse to issue or renew a registration, license or other approval if we, or one of our directors,
officers, employees or associates: (i) is considered to be a detriment to the integrity or lawful conduct or management of gaming, (ii)
no longer meets a registration, license or other approval requirement, (iii) has breached or is in breach of a condition of registration,
licensure, other approval or an operational agreement with a regulatory authority, (iv) has made a material misrepresentation, omission
or misstatement in an application for registration, license or other approval or in reply to an enquiry by a person conducting an audit,
investigation or inspection for a gaming regulatory authority, (v) has been refused a similar registration, license or other approval
in another jurisdiction, (vi) has held a similar registration, or license or other approval in that province, state or another jurisdiction
which has been suspended, revoked or cancelled, or (vii) has been convicted of an offense, inside or outside of the United States that
calls into question our honesty or integrity or the honesty or integrity of one of our directors, officers, employees or associates. 

Generally,
any person who fails or refuses to apply for a finding of suitability or a license within the prescribed period after being advised that
it is required by gaming authorities may be denied a license or found unsuitable, as applicable. Furthermore, we may be subject to disciplinary
action or our license may be in peril if, after we receive notice that a person is unsuitable to be a stockholder or to have any other
relationship with us or any of our subsidiaries, we: (i) pay that person any dividend or interest upon our voting securities; (ii) allow
that person to exercise, directly or indirectly, any voting right conferred through securities held by that person; (iii) pay remuneration
in any form to that person for services rendered or otherwise; or (iv) fail to pursue all lawful efforts to require such unsuitable person
to relinquish his voting securities. 

Additionally,
our services must be approved in some jurisdictions in which they are offered, which approval cannot be assured or guaranteed. Obtaining
these approvals is a time-consuming process that can be extremely costly. Even where a jurisdiction regulates online gaming, it may not
be commercially desirable to secure a license in such a jurisdiction due to tax or other operational considerations. 

A
provider of gaming solutions may pursue corporate regulatory approval with regulators of a particular jurisdiction while it pursues technical
regulatory approval for its gaming solutions by that same jurisdiction. It is possible that after incurring significant expenses and
dedicating substantial time and effort towards such regulatory approvals, we may not obtain either of them. If we fail to obtain the
necessary certification, registration, license, approval or finding of suitability in a given jurisdiction, we would likely be prohibited
from distributing our services in that particular jurisdiction altogether. If we fail to seek, does not receive, or receive a revocation
of a license in a particular jurisdiction for our games, hardware or software, then we cannot sell, service or place on a participation
or leased basis or license our products in that jurisdiction and our issued licenses in other jurisdictions may be impacted. Furthermore,
some jurisdictions require license holders to obtain government approval before engaging in some transactions, such as business combinations,
reorganizations, stock offerings and repurchases. We may not be able to obtain all necessary registrations, licenses, permits, approvals
or findings of suitability in a timely manner, or at all. Delays in regulatory approvals or failure to obtain such approvals may also
serve as a barrier to entry to the market for our solutions. If we are unable to overcome the barriers to entry, it will materially affect
our results of operations and future prospects. To the extent new gaming jurisdictions are established or expanded, we cannot guarantee
we will be successful in penetrating such new jurisdictions or expanding our business in line with the growth of existing jurisdictions.
As we enter into new markets, we may encounter legal and regulatory challenges that are difficult or impossible to foresee and which
could result in an unforeseen adverse impact on planned revenues or costs associated with the new market opportunity. If we are unable
to effectively develop and operate within these new markets, then our business, operating results and financial condition could be impaired.
Our failure to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals in jurisdictions, whether individually or collectively, would have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

40 

To
expand into new jurisdictions, we may need to be licensed, obtain approvals of our products and/or seek licensure of our officers, directors,
major stockholders, key employees or business partners. Any delays in obtaining or difficulty in maintaining regulatory approvals needed
for expansion within existing markets or into new jurisdictions can negatively affect our opportunities for growth or delay our ability
to recognize revenue from the sale or installation of products in any such jurisdictions. 

Directly
related to the above risk, we have responded to periodic requests for information from the UKGC in relation to information required
to maintain its UK license following the change of corporate control. There have been no adverse judgments imposed by the UKGC
against us. In recent months, we reduced our spending on marketing and were focused on retaining existing customers and reactivating
past customers. On November 10, 2022, the Company determined that it would close down its licensed remote gambling operation in the
UK market. On November 15, 2022, as part of the winding down of the Argyll UK iGaming operations, players were informed that they
would no longer be able to place bets from November 30, 2022 and that they could withdraw their balances through December 7, 2022.
On December 8, 2022 Argyll UK surrendered its UK license and the surrender was confirmed by the UKGC on December 9, 2022. Between
December 7, 2022 and December 14, 2022 Argyll UK attempted to refund customer accounts that still had remaining balances. On March
3, 2023, the Company s Board determined that the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Argyll Entertainment, the
Company s Swiss entity that is part of Argyll UK, would be liquidated. The Swiss courts declared Argyll Entertainment bankrupt
on March 27, 2023, at which point the Company lost control of Argyll Entertainment and, as a result, deconsolidated the entity. The
Company further liquidated and deconsolidated wholly-owned subsidiary, Argyll Productions, on June 9, 2023. The Company had
previously fully impaired the goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets of Argyll UK in the fiscal year ended June 30,
2022. The Company recognized a gain on disposal of 2.2 million for Argyll Entertainment and 0.6 million for Argyll Productions. 

We
are subject to various laws relating to trade, export controls, and foreign corrupt practices, the violation of which could adversely
affect our operations, reputation, business, prospects, operating results and financial condition. 

We
are subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the United States, including exposure to complex foreign and U.S. regulations
such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws which generally prohibit U.S. companies
and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Violations
of the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal and civil sanctions and other penalties. It may be difficult
to oversee the conduct of any contractors, third-party partners, representatives or agents who are not our employees, potentially exposing
us to greater risk from their actions. If our employees or agents fail to comply with applicable laws or company policies governing our
international operations, we may face legal proceedings and actions which could result in civil penalties, administration actions and
criminal sanctions. Any determination that we have violated any anti-corruption laws could have a material adverse impact on our business.
Changes in trade sanctions laws may restrict our business practices, including cessation of business activities in sanctioned countries
or with sanctioned entities. 

Violations
of these laws and regulations could result in significant fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, requirements
to obtain export licenses, disgorgement of profits, cessation of business activities in sanctioned countries, prohibitions on the conduct
of our business and our inability to market and sell our products in one or more countries. Additionally, any such violations could materially
damage our reputation, brand, international expansion efforts, ability to attract and retain employees and our business, prospects, operating
results and financial condition. 

41 

We
also deal with significant amounts of cash in our operations and are subject to various reporting and anti-money laundering regulations.
Any violation of anti-money laundering laws or regulations by any of our properties could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

We
are subject to regulation affecting internet gaming which varies from one jurisdiction to another and future legislative and court proceedings
pertaining to internet gaming may have a material impact on our operations and financial results. 

Online
gambling is not unequivocally legal in all jurisdictions. We are licensed to supply gambling services from jurisdictions in which we
operate but not in every jurisdiction where the customer is located. Some countries have introduced regulations attempting to restrict
or prohibit internet gaming, while others have taken the position that internet gaming should be regulated and have adopted or are in
the process of considering legislation to enable that regulation. 

While
the UK and other European countries and territories such as Malta, Alderney and Gibraltar have currently adopted a regime which permits
its licensees to accept wagers from any jurisdiction, other countries, including the United States, have, or are in the process of implementing,
regimes which permit only the targeting of the domestic market provided a local license is obtained and local taxes accounted for. Other
European countries and territories continue to defend a licensing regime that protects monopoly providers and have combined this with
an attempt to outlaw all other suppliers. By contrast, a number of countries have not passed legislation in relation to online gambling
but may introduce it in the future. Some jurisdictions have not updated legislation focused on land-based gambling which may be interpreted
in an unfavorable way to online gambling. Different jurisdictions have different views to determining where gambling takes place and
which jurisdiction s law applies and these views may change from time to time. 

We
currently block, through IP address filtering, direct access to wagering on our international websites from the United States and other
jurisdictions that we are precluded from supplying our services to pursuant to our gaming license. Individuals are required to enter
their age upon gaining access to our platform and any misrepresentation of such users age will result in the forfeiting of his or her
deposit and any withdrawals from such users account requires proof of government issued identification. In addition, our payment service
providers use their own identity and ISP verification software. Despite all such measures, it is conceivable that a user, underage or
otherwise, could devise a way to evade our blocking measures and access our international websites from the United States or any other
foreign jurisdiction in which we do not currently permit users to use our services. 

Future
legislative and court decisions may have a material impact on our operations and financial results. Therefore, there is a risk that civil
and criminal proceedings, including class actions brought by or on behalf of prosecutors or public entities incumbent monopoly providers,
or private individuals, could be initiated against us, internet service providers, credit card processors, advertisers and others involved
in the internet gaming industry. Such potential proceedings could involve substantial litigation expense, penalties, fines, seizure of
assets, injunctions or other restrictions being imposed upon our or our licensees or other business partners, while diverting the attention
of key executives. Such proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, operating results and financial condition
as well as impact upon our reputation. 

There
can be no assurance that legally enforceable prohibiting legislation will not be proposed and passed in jurisdictions relevant or potentially
relevant to our business to legislate or regulate various aspects of the internet or the online gaming industry (or that existing laws
in those jurisdictions will not be interpreted negatively). Compliance with any such legislation may have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations, either as a result of our determining that a jurisdiction should be blocked,
or because a local license may be costly for us or our licensees to obtain and/or such licenses may contain other commercially undesirable
conditions. In any case, such regulations may negatively impact our business and financial results. 

42 

We
may not be able to capitalize on the expansion of online or other forms of interactive gaming or other trends and changes in the gaming
industry, due to laws and regulations governing these industries in different Jurisdictions. 

We
participate in the new and evolving interactive gaming industry through our online, social and mobile products. We intend to take advantage
of the liberalization of online and mobile gaming, within Canada, the U.S. and internationally; however, expansion of online and mobile
gaming involves significant risks and uncertainties, including legal, business and financial risks. The success of online and mobile
gaming and our interactive products and services may be affected by future developments in social networks, including Facebook, mobile
platforms, regulatory developments, data privacy laws and other factors that we are unable to predict and are beyond our control. Consequently,
our future operating results relating to our online gaming products and services are difficult to predict, and we cannot provide assurance
that our products and services will grow at expected rates or be successful in the long term. 

Additionally,
our ability to successfully pursue our interactive gaming strategy depends on the laws and regulations relating to wagering through interactive
channels. Internationally, laws relating to online gaming are evolving, particularly in Europe. To varying degrees, a number of European
governments have taken steps to change the regulation of online wagering through the implementation of new or revised licensing and taxation
regimes, including the possible imposition of sanctions on unlicensed providers. We cannot predict the timing, scope or terms of any
such state, federal or foreign laws and regulations, or the extent to which any such laws and regulations will facilitate or hinder its
interactive strategy. 

Our
ability to operate in our proposed online jurisdictions or expand in new online jurisdictions could be adversely affected by new or changing
laws or regulations, new interpretations of existing laws or regulations, and difficulties or delays in obtaining or maintaining required
licenses or product approvals. 

Changes
in existing gaming laws or regulations, new interpretations of existing gaming laws or regulations or changes in the manner in which
existing laws and regulations are enforced, all with respect to online gaming activities, may hinder or prevent us from continuing to
operate in those jurisdictions where we currently carry on business, which would harm our operating results and financial condition.
Furthermore, gaming regulatory bodies may from time to time amend the various disclosures and reporting requirements. If we fail to comply
with any existing or future disclosure or reporting requirements, the regulators may take action against us which could ultimately include
fines, the conditioning, suspension or revocation of approvals, registrations, permits or licenses and other disciplinary action. It
cannot be assured that we will be able to adequately adjust to such potential changes. Additionally, evolving laws and regulations regarding
data privacy, cyber security and anti-money laundering could adversely impact opportunities for growth in our online business, and could
result in additional compliance-related costs. 

Public
opinion can also exert a significant influence over the regulation of the gaming industry. A negative shift in the public s perception
of gaming could affect future legislation in different jurisdictions. Among other things, such a shift could cause jurisdictions to abandon
proposals to legalize gaming, thereby limiting the number of new jurisdictions into which we could expand. Negative public perception
could also lead to new restrictions on or to the prohibition of gaming in jurisdictions in which we currently operate. 

Recent
regulatory changes in the Netherlands and Finland have had a material impact on our financial results and may have additional negative
consequences on our business and operations in the future. 

In
addition, as a result of regulatory developments in Finland, we received communications requesting clarification on our marketing
and gaming practices related to its Finnish EEG iGaming operations, from the Finnish regulator. The net revenues for our Lucky Dino
business have declined from approximately 22.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2022 to approximately 10.2 million for the year
ended June 30, 2023. Net revenues for our Lucky Dino business represented approximately 44 of our consolidated net revenues for the
year ended June 30, 2023. 

There
can be no assurance that operations and revenues from our Finnish and other iGaming operations will recover and not be further negatively
impacted in the future. 

43 

Regulations
that may be adopted with respect to the internet and electronic commerce may decrease the growth in the use of the internet and lead
to the decrease in the demand for our products and services. 

In
addition to regulations pertaining to the gaming industry in general and specifically to online gaming, we may become subject to any
number of laws and regulations that may be adopted with respect to the internet and electronic commerce. New laws and regulations that
address issues such as user privacy, pricing, online content regulation, taxation, advertising, intellectual property, information security,
and the characteristics and quality of online products and services may be enacted. Additionally, current laws, which predate or are
incompatible with the internet and electronic commerce, may be applied and enforced in a manner that restricts the electronic commerce
market. The application of such pre-existing laws regulating communications or commerce in the context of the internet and electronic
commerce is uncertain. Moreover, it may take years to determine the extent to which existing laws relating to issues such as intellectual
property ownership and infringement, libel and personal privacy are applicable to the internet. The adoption of new laws or regulations
relating to the internet, or particular applications or interpretations of existing laws, could decrease the growth in the use of the
internet, decrease the demand for our products and services, increase our cost of doing business or could otherwise have a material adverse
effect on our business, revenues, operating results and financial condition. 

Our
stockholders and business partners are subject to extensive governmental regulation and if a stockholder is found unsuitable by a gaming
authority, that stockholder would not be able to beneficially own our Common Shares directly or indirectly. 

In
many jurisdictions, gaming laws can require any of our stockholders and business partners to file an application, be investigated, and
qualify or have his, her or its suitability determined by gaming authorities. Gaming authorities have very broad discretion in determining
whether an applicant should be deemed suitable. Subject to certain administrative proceeding requirements, the gaming regulators have
the authority to deny any application or limit, condition, restrict, revoke or suspend any license, registration, finding of suitability
or approval, or fine any person licensed, registered or found suitable or approved, for any cause deemed reasonable by the gaming authorities. 

Furthermore,
any person required by a gaming authority to be found suitable, who is found unsuitable by the gaming authority, may not hold directly
or indirectly ownership of any voting security or the beneficial or record ownership of any non-voting security or any debt security
of any public corporation which is registered with the relevant gaming authority beyond the time prescribed by the relevant gaming authority.
A violation of the foregoing may constitute a criminal offence. A finding of unsuitability by a particular gaming authority impacts that
person s ability to associate or affiliate with gaming licenses in that particular jurisdiction and could impact the person s
ability to associate or affiliate with gaming licenses in other jurisdictions. 

Many
jurisdictions also require any person who acquires beneficial ownership of more than a certain percentage of voting securities of a gaming
company and, in some jurisdictions, non-voting securities, typically 5 , to report the acquisition to gaming authorities, and gaming
authorities may require such holders to apply for qualification or a finding of suitability, subject to limited exceptions for institutional
investors that hold a company s voting securities for investment purposes only. 

Thus,
any purchaser of the common stock offered by the Company may find themselves subject to investigation and potentially required to disgorge
their shares due to regulatory action in one of the jurisdictions we operate. 

Current
environmental laws and regulations, or those enacted in the future, could result in additional liabilities and costs. Compliance with
these laws could increase our costs and impact the availability of components required to manufacture its products. Violation of these
laws may subject us to significant fines, penalties or disposal costs, which could negatively impact its results of operations, financial
position or cash flows. 

44 

Legislative
and regulatory changes could negatively affect our business and the business of our customers. 

Legislative
and regulatory changes may affect demand for or place limitations on the placement of our products. Such changes could affect us in a
variety of ways. Legislation or regulation may introduce limitations on our products or opportunities for the use of our products and
could foster competitive products or solutions at our or our customers expense. Our business will likely also suffer if our products
become obsolete due to changes in laws or the regulatory framework. 

Legislative
or regulatory changes negatively impacting the gaming industry as a whole or our customers in particular could also decrease the demand
for our products. Opposition to gaming could result in restrictions or even prohibitions of gaming operations in any jurisdiction or
could result in increased taxes on gaming revenues. Tax matters, including changes in state, federal or other tax legislation or assessments
by tax authorities could have a negative impact on our business. A reduction in growth of the gaming industry or in the number of gaming
jurisdictions or delays in the opening of new or expanded casinos could reduce demand for our products. Changes in current or future
laws or regulations or future judicial intervention in any particular jurisdiction may have a material adverse effect on our existing
and proposed foreign and domestic operations. Any such adverse change in the legislative or regulatory environment could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

In
the context of our European Union (the EU )-facing operations, we may be subject to specific compliance obligations under
the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (the GDPR and associated laws and regulations in different EU Member
States in which we operate as well as in portions of our business outside the EU which may negatively affect our operations and financial
results. 

Every
international business that has a presence in the EU as well as multiple data protection jurisdictions is subject to an impact on its
operations placed by its obligation to comply with the requirements of the GDPR and associated EU legislation with respect to the offering
of products or services to, or the monitoring of, individuals in the EU. We may also be subject to the local privacy and data protection
laws of the EU Member States in which we offer products or services. Failure to comply with these EU data protection and privacy laws,
can carry penalties and potential criminal sanctions, as well as the risk of litigation. In addition, Directive 2002/58/EC (as amended
by Directive 2009/136/EC) (together, the e-Privacy Directive governs, among other things, the use of cookies and the sending
of electronic direct marketing within the EU and, as such, will apply to our marketing activities within the EU. Following Brexit, the
UK has adopted its own data protection and direct marketing laws (the UK data protection laws which are currently based
on the corresponding EU legislation. Our UK-facing operations may therefore be subject to specific compliance obligations under the UK
data protection laws. 

In
our efforts to comply with these requirements, we rely on positions and interpretations of the law that have yet to be fully tested before
the relevant courts and regulators. While the UK data protection laws are currently similar to the corresponding EU laws, it is possible
that those laws will diverge in the future. To the extent that those laws do diverge, then that may increase the costs of maintaining
regulatory compliance. There is also a risk that it may become more difficult to make cross-border transfers of personal data, as a result
of diverging data protection regimes in the territories where our customers are located and the territories where our operations are
based. If a regulator or court of competent jurisdiction determined that one or more of our compliance efforts does not satisfy the applicable
requirements of the GDPR or the e-Privacy Directive, or the UK data protection laws, or if any party brought a claim in this regard,
there could be potential governmental or regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, regulatory fines, compliance orders, litigation
or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others, and that could cause customers to lose trust in us and damage
our reputation. Likewise, a change in guidance could be costly and have an adverse effect on our business. 

45 

Risks
Related to Intellectual Property and Technology 

Our
intellectual property may be insufficient to properly safeguard our technology and brands. 

We
may apply for patent protection in the United States, Canada, Europe and other countries relating to certain existing and proposed processes,
designs and methods and other product innovations. Patent applications can, however, take many years to issue and we can provide no assurance
that any of these patents will be issued at all. If we are denied any or all of these patents, we may not be able to successfully prevent
our competitors from imitating our solutions or using some or all of the processes that are the subject of such patent applications.
Such imitation may lead to increased competition within the finite market for our solutions. Even if pending patents are issued to us,
our intellectual property rights may not be sufficiently comprehensive to prevent our competitors from developing similar competitive
products and technologies. Our success may also depend on our ability to obtain trademark protection for the names or symbols under which
we market our products and to obtain copyright protection and patent protection of our proprietary technologies, intellectual property
and other game innovations and if the granted patents are challenged, protection may be lost. We may not be able to build and maintain
goodwill in our trademarks or obtain trademark or patent protection, and there can be no assurance that any trademark, copyright or issued
patent will provide competitive advantages for us or that our intellectual property will not be successfully challenged or circumvented
by competitors. 

Computer
source codes for technology licenses may also receive protection under international copyright laws. As such, we, or the party which
we license the source code from, may need to initiate legal proceedings following such use to obtain orders to prevent further use of
the source code. 

We
will also rely on trade secrets, ideas and proprietary know-how. Although we generally require our employees and independent contractors
to enter into confidentiality and intellectual property assignment agreements, it cannot be assured that the obligations therein will
be maintained and honored. If these agreements are breached, it is unlikely that the remedies available to us will be sufficient to compensate
it for the damages suffered. In spite of confidentiality agreements and other methods of protecting trade secrets, our proprietary information
could become known to or independently developed by competitors. 

If
we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property and confidential information, our business may be harmed, and our liquidity and
results of operations may be materially adversely impacted. 

If
we are subject to claims of intellectual property infringement or invalidity our business operations and/or financial results may be
negatively impacted either by the cost of litigation or any adverse result. 

Monitoring
infringement and misappropriation of intellectual property can be difficult and expensive, and we may not be able to detect infringement
or misappropriation of our proprietary rights. Although we intend to aggressively pursue anyone who is reasonably believed to be infringing
upon our intellectual property rights and who poses a significant commercial risk to the business, to protect and enforce our intellectual
property rights, initiating and maintaining suits against such third parties will require substantial financial resources. We may not
have the financial resources to bring such suits, and, if we do bring such suits, we may not prevail. Regardless of our success in any
such actions, the expenses and management distraction involved may have a material adverse effect on our financial position. 

A
significant portion of our revenues may be generated from products using certain intellectual property rights, and our operating results
would be negatively impacted if we were unsuccessful in licensing certain of those rights and/or protecting those rights from infringement,
including losses of proprietary information from breaches of our cyber security efforts. 

Further,
our competitors have been granted patents protecting various gaming products and solutions features, including systems, methods and designs.
If our products and solutions employ these processes, or other subject matter that is claimed under our competitors patents, or
if other companies obtain patents claiming subject matter that we use, those companies may bring infringement actions against us. The
question of whether a product infringes a patent involves complex legal and factual issues, the determination of which is often uncertain.
In addition, because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be applications now pending of which we are unaware,
which might later result in issued patents that our products and solutions may infringe. There can be no assurance that our products,
including those with currently pending patent applications, will not be determined to have infringed upon an existing third-party patent.
If any of our products and solutions infringes a valid patent, we may be required to discontinue offering certain products or systems,
pay damages, purchase a license to use the intellectual property in question from its owner, or redesign the product in question to avoid
infringement. A license may not be available or may require us to pay substantial royalties, which could in turn force us to attempt
to redesign the infringing product or to develop alternative technologies at a considerable expense. Additionally, we may not be successful
in any attempt to redesign the infringing product or to develop alternative technologies, which could force us to withdraw our product
or services from the market. 

46 

We
may also infringe other intellectual property rights belonging to third parties, such as trademarks, copyrights and confidential information.
As with patent litigation, the infringement of trademarks, copyrights and confidential information involve complex legal and factual
issues and our products, branding or associated marketing materials may be found to have infringed existing third-party rights. When
any third-party infringement occurs, we may be required to stop using the infringing intellectual property rights, pay damages and, if
we wish to keep using the third-party intellectual property, purchase a license or otherwise redesign the product, branding or associated
marketing materials to avoid further infringement. Such a license may not be available or may require us to pay substantial royalties. 

It
is also possible that the validity of any of our intellectual property rights might be challenged either in a standalone legal proceeding
or as part of infringement claims in the future. 

There
can be no assurance that our intellectual property rights will withstand an invalidity claim and, if declared invalid, the protection
afforded to the product, branding or marketing material will be lost. 

Moreover,
the future interpretation of intellectual property law regarding the validity of intellectual property by governmental agencies or courts
in the United States, Canada, Europe or other jurisdictions in which we have rights could negatively affect the validity or enforceability
of our current or future intellectual property. This could have multiple negative impacts including, without limitation, the marketability
of, or anticipated revenue from, certain of our products. Additionally, due to the differences in foreign patent, trademark, copyright
and other laws concerning proprietary rights, our intellectual property may not receive the same degree of protection in foreign countries
as it would in the United States, Canada, or Europe. Our failure to possess, obtain or maintain adequate protection of its intellectual
property rights for any reason in these jurisdictions could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

Furthermore,
infringement and other intellectual property claims, with or without merit, can be expensive and time-consuming to litigate, and we may
not have the financial and human resources to defend ourselves against any infringement suits that may be brought against us. Litigation
can also distract management from day-to-day operations of the business. 

In
addition, our business is dependent in part on the intellectual property of third-parties. For example, we license intellectual property
from third parties for use in our gaming products. Our future success may depend upon our ability to obtain licenses to use new and existing
intellectual property and our ability to retain or expand existing licenses for certain products. If we are unable to obtain new licenses
or renew or expand existing licenses, we may be required to discontinue or limit our use of such products that use the licensed marks
and our financial condition, operating results or prospects may be harmed. 

If
we fail to enforce and maintain our intellectual property rights, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. 

The
success of our business depends on our continued ability to use our existing tradenames in order to increase our brand awareness. Esports
Entertainment Malta owns EU registered trademarks for our Lucky Dino brands. The unauthorized use or other misappropriation of any of
the foregoing trademarks or tradenames could diminish the value of our business or financial results which would have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operation. 

47 

Compromises
of our technology systems or unauthorized access to confidential information or our customers personal information could materially
harm our reputation and business. 

We
collect and store confidential, personal information relating to our customers for various business purposes, including marketing and
financial purposes, and credit card information for processing payments. For example, we handle, collect and store personal information
in connection with our online gaming products. We may share this personal and confidential information with vendors or other third parties
in connection with processing of transactions, operating certain aspects of our business or for marketing purposes. Our collection and
use of personal data is governed by federal, state and provincial laws and regulations as well as the applicable laws and regulations
in other countries in which it operates. Privacy law is an area that changes often and varies significantly by jurisdiction. We may incur
significant costs in order to ensure compliance with the various privacy requirements. In addition, privacy laws and regulations may
limit our ability to market to our customers. 

We
intend to assess and monitor the security of collection, storage and transmission of customer information on an ongoing basis. We intend
to utilize commercially available software and technologies to monitor, assess and secure our network. However, the systems currently
intended for transmissions and approval of payment card transactions, and the technology utilized in payment cards themselves, all of
which can put payment card data at risk, are determined and controlled by the payment card industry, not us. Although we intend to take
steps designed to safeguard our customers confidential personal information, our network and other systems and those of third
parties, such as service providers, could be compromised by a third-party breach of our system s security or that of a third-party
provider or as a result of purposeful or accidental actions of third parties, our employees or those employees of a third party. Advances
in computer and software capabilities and encryption technology, new tools and other developments may increase the risk of such a breach.
As a result of any security breach, customer information or other proprietary data may be accessed or transmitted by or to a third party.
Despite these measures, there can be no assurance that we are adequately protecting our customers information. 

Any
loss, disclosure or misappropriation of, or access to, customers or other proprietary information or other breach of our information
security could result in legal claims or legal proceedings, including regulatory investigations and actions, or liability for failure
to comply with privacy and information security laws, including for failure to protect personal information or for misusing personal
information, which could disrupt our operations, damage our reputation and expose us to claims from our customers, financial institutions,
regulators, payment card associations, employees and other persons, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
revenues, financial conditions and operations. 

Service
interruptions of internet service providers could impair our ability to carry on our business. 

Most
of our customers will rely on internet service providers to allow our customers and servers to communicate with each other. If internet
service providers experience service interruptions, communications over the internet may be interrupted and impair our ability to carry
on business. In addition, our ability to process e-commerce transactions depends on bank processing and credit card systems. In order
to prepare for system problems, we intend to continuously seek to strengthen and enhance our planned facilities and the capability of
our system infrastructure and support. Nevertheless, any system failure as a result of reliance on third parties, including network,
software or hardware failure, which causes a delay or interruption in our online services and products and e-commerce services, could
have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, operating results and financial condition. 

Disruption
of our network systems or their inability to meet the growing demand can negatively affect our business and financial results. 

The
growth of internet usage has caused frequent interruptions and delays in processing and transmitting data over the internet. There can
be no assurance that the internet infrastructure or our own network systems will be able to meet the demand placed on it by the continued
growth of the internet, the overall online gaming and interactive entertainment industry and our customers. 

The
internet s viability as a medium for products and services offered by us could be affected if the necessary infrastructure is not
sufficient, or if other technologies and technological devices eclipse the internet as a viable channel. 

End-users
of our products and services will depend on internet service providers and our system infrastructure (or those of our licensed partners)
for access to our or our licensees products and services. Many of these services have experienced service outages in the past
and could experience service outages, delays and other difficulties due to system failures, stability or interruption. 

48 

Systems,
network or telecommunications failures or cyber-attacks may disrupt our business and have an adverse effect on our results of operations . 

Any
disruption in our network or telecommunications services could affect our ability to operate our games and online offerings, which would
result in reduced revenues and customer down time. Our network and databases of business or customer information, including intellectual
property, trade secrets, and other proprietary business information and those of third parties we utilize, will be susceptible to outages
due to fire, floods, power loss, break-ins, cyber-attacks, hackers, network penetration, data privacy or security breaches, denial of
service attacks and similar events, including inadvertent dissemination of information due to increased use of social media. Despite
implementation of network security measures and data protection safeguards by us, including a disaster recovery strategy for back office
systems, our servers and computer resources will be vulnerable to viruses, malicious software, hacking, break-ins or theft, third-party
security breaches, employee error or malfeasance, and other potential compromises. Disruptions from unauthorized access to or tampering
with our computer systems, or those of third parties we utilize, in any such event could result in a wide range of negative outcomes,
including devaluation of our intellectual property goodwill and/or brand appeal, increased expenditures on data security, and costly
litigation, and can have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, reputation, operating results and financial condition. 

Malfunctions
of third-party communications infrastructure, hardware and software expose us to a variety of risks that we cannot control. 

Our
business will depend upon the capacity, reliability and security of the infrastructure owned by third parties over which our offerings
would be deployed. We have no control over the operation, quality or maintenance of a significant portion of that infrastructure or whether
or not those third parties will upgrade or improve their equipment. We depend on these companies to maintain the operational integrity
of our connections. If one or more of these companies is unable or unwilling to supply or expand our levels of service in the future,
our operations could be adversely impacted. Also, to the extent the number of users of networks utilizing our future products and services
suddenly increases, the technology platform and secure hosting services which will be required to accommodate a higher volume of traffic
may result in slower response times or service interruptions. System interruptions or increases in response time could result in a loss
of potential or existing users and, if sustained or repeated, could reduce the appeal of the networks to users. In addition, users depend
on real-time communications; outages caused by increased traffic could result in delays and system failures. These types of occurrences
could cause users to perceive that our products and services do not function properly and could therefore adversely affect our ability
to attract and retain licensees, strategic partners and customers. 

Miscellaneous
Risks of This Investment 

Efforts
to remediate our material weaknesses and comply with the applicable provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act will involve
significant expenditures, and non-compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may adversely affect us and the market price
of our common stock. 

Under
current SEC rules, we have been required to report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, or Section 404, and related rules and regulations of the SEC. We will be required to review on an annual basis our internal control
over financial reporting, and on a quarterly and annual basis to evaluate and disclose changes in our internal control over financial
reporting. This process may result in a diversion of management s time and attention and may involve significant expenditures.
We have not maintained internal control over financial reporting in a manner that meets the standards of publicly traded companies required
by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The rules governing the standards that must be met for our evaluation management to assess
our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation. We
might encounter problems or delays in completing the implementation of any changes necessary to make a favorable assessment of our internal
control over financial reporting. If we cannot remediate our material weaknesses or favorably assess the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in our financial information and the price of our common stock could
decline. 

Anti-takeover
provisions in our charter documents and Nevada law could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company and may affect
the trading price of our common stock and common warrants. 

We
are a Nevada corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes may discourage, delay or prevent a change in
control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the
person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition,
our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in our management
or control over us that stockholders may consider favorable. Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and/or Amended and Restated
Bylaws: 

authorize
 the issuance of blank check preferred stock that could be issued by our Board of Directors to thwart a takeover attempt; 

provide
 that vacancies on our Board of Directors, including newly created directorships, may be filled by a majority vote of directors then
 in office; 

place
 restrictive requirements (including advance notification of stockholder nominations and proposals) on how special meetings of stockholders
 may be called by our stockholders; do not provide stockholders with the ability to cumulate their votes; and 

provide
 that our Board of Directors or a majority of our stockholders may amend our bylaws. 

49 

We
are a smaller reporting company and a non-accelerated filer and the reduced disclosure requirements available to us may make our common
stock less attractive to investors. 

The
SEC established the smaller reporting company, or SRC, category of companies in 2008, and expanded it in 2018, in an effort to provide
general regulatory relief for smaller companies. SRCs may choose to comply with scaled financial and non-financial disclosure requirements
in their annual and quarterly reports and registration statements relative to non-SRCs. In addition, companies that are not accelerated
filers can take advantage of additional regulatory relief. Whether a company is an accelerated filer or a SRC is determined on
an annual basis. For so long as we qualify as a non-accelerated filer and/or a SRC, we will be permitted to and we intend to rely on
some or all of the accommodations available to such companies. These accommodations include: 

not
 being required to provide an auditor s attestation of management s assessment of internal control over financial reporting
 required by Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

reduced
 financial disclosure obligations, including that SRCs need only provide two years of financial statements rather than three years;
 a maximum of two years of acquiree financial statements are required rather than three years; fewer circumstances under which pro
 forma financial statements are required; and less stringent age of financial statements requirements; 

reduced
 non-financial disclosure obligations, including regarding the description of their business, management s discussion and analysis
 of financial condition and results of operations, market risk, executive compensation, transactions with related persons, and corporate
 governance; and 

later
 deadlines for the filing of annual and quarterly reports compared to accelerated filers. 

We
will continue to qualify as a SRC and non-accelerated filer for so long as (a) our public float is less than 75 million as of the last
day of our most recently completed second fiscal quarter or (b) our public float is 75 million or more but less than 700 million and
we reported annual revenues of less than 100 million for our most recently completed fiscal year. 

We
may choose to take advantage of some, but not all, of the available accommodations. We cannot predict whether investors will find our
common stock less attractive if we rely on these accommodations. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the price of our common stock may be more volatile. 

50 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Effective
on August 19, 2021, we relocated our executive and business offices to Block 6, Triq Paceville, Saint Julians, Malta, STJ 3109. We
entered into a lease for our executive and business offices, consisting of approximately 284 square feet, for a term expiring in
2026. The annual rent for the first year under the lease agreement is 83,000, with such amount increasing by 4 in each of the
subsequent years of the five-year term. We also have agents and
locations in Carson City and Indiana, which serve as the headquarters for our gaming operations and ggC operations, respectively, in
the United States. The ggC lease is month to month with a monthly rent of 3,000. We believe that our
current structure, including our facilities are suitable and adequate to meet our needs for the immediate future, and that the productive capacity in such facilities is substantially being utilized. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

Legal
Proceedings 

O n
January 6, 2023, our former chairman and chief executive officer, Grant Johnson, filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court
for the Southern District of New York against the Company. The claim alleges breach by the Company of Mr. Johnson s employment
agreement when it terminated him for Cause as defined in the agreement on December 3, 2022. Mr. Johnson seeks in excess
of 1,000,000 as well as 2,000 shares of the Company s common stock, plus attorney s fees. On February 28, 2023, Mr.
Johnson filed an amended complaint to amend his original claim and to add an alleged defamation claim. On March 14, 2023, the Company
filed its Pre-Motion Letter requesting that the claim be dismissed and on March 15, 2023 Mr. Johnson filed a letter to the Court requesting
that the claim not be dismissed. On May 4, 2023, a pretrial conference took place and the Company decided not to move forward with the
motion to dismiss and is preparing documents for the discovery phase and a response to the Plaintiff s statement of claim as well
as a counterclaim. 

The
Company believes the claims are without merit and intends to defend against the claims vigorously. The case is captioned Grant Johnson
v. Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. 1:22-cv-10861 (SDNY). 

The
Company at times may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising from its operations in the normal course of business. The Company
is currently not involved in any litigation that it believes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results
of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding, inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency,
self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company or any of our subsidiaries,
threatened against or affecting our company, our common stock, any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our subsidiaries 
officers or directors in their capacities as such, in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
Common Stock, Unit A Warrants, 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and March 2022 Warrants are quoted for
trading on Nasdaq under the symbols GMBL , GMBLW , GMBLP and GMBLZ , respectively. 

51 

Approximate
Number of Equity Security Holders 

As
of October 12, 2023, one business day preceding this filing, there were approximately 128 holders of record of our Common Stock.
This number does not include shares held by brokerage clearing houses, depositories or others in unregistered form. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not currently anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
The agreements into which we may enter in the future, including indebtedness, may impose limitations on our ability to pay dividends
or make other distributions on our capital stock. Payment of future dividends on our common stock, if any, will be at the discretion
of our Board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, cash requirements and surplus, financial condition, contractual
restrictions and other factors that our Board may deem relevant. We intend to retain future earnings, if any, for reinvestment in the
development and expansion of our business. 

Recent
Purchases 

During
the three months ended June 30, 2023, there were no repurchases of the Company s Common Stock by the Company. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We
sold the following shares of unregistered common stock on the date and for the consideration shown to the identified individuals pursuant
to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or Section 3(a)(9), as applicable, which shares are restricted shares as defined in the Securities
Act. The purchasers or recipients of our securities in these transactions were accredited investor s,
as defined in Regulation D . 

Date 
 
 Purchaser/Recipient 
 
 Security
 Type 
 
 Number
 of 
 Securities 
 
 Consideration 
 
 May
 8, 2023 October 12, 2023 
 
 Holder
 of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 Common
 Stock 
 
 50,327,288 
 
 Conversions
 of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock for shares of common stock 

October 6, 2023 
 
 Holder of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 10,000 
 
 October 2023 Settlement Agreement 

August
 15, 2023 
 
 Holder
 of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 Common
 Stock 
 
 10,000 
 
 August
 15 
Settlement Agreement 

June
 30, 2023 
 
 Vendor 
 
 Common
 Stock 
 
 111,391 
 
 Services
 Provided 

May
 22, 2023 
 
 Holder
 of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 Series
 D Convertible Preferred Stock, Series D Convertible Preferred Stock Warrants, Common Stock Warrants 
 
 4,300
 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, Warrants to Purchase 4,300 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, Warrants
 to Purchase 1,433,333 shares of common stock 
 
 Series
 D Convertible Preferred Stock, Preferred Warrants and Warrants issued in private placement 

April
 28, 2023 
 
 Holder
 of Senior Convertible Note 
 
 Series
 C Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 15,230 
 
 Exchange
 of Senior Convertible Note for shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 

January
 31, 2023 February 21, 2023 
 
 Holder
 of Senior Convertible Note 
 
 Common
 Stock 
 
 2,242,143 
 
 Conversion
 of debt principal under Senior Convertible Note 

January
 3, 2023 
 
 Alex
 Igelman, Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Common
 Stock 
 
 25,000 
 
 New
 hire inducement grant for services 

December
 21, 2022 
 
 Member
 of management 
 
 Preferred
 Stock (Series B) 
 
 100 
 
 1,000 

April
 2, 2022 
 
 Damian
 Mathews, Former Chief Financial Officer (current Chief Operating Officer and Director) 
 
 Common
 Stock 
 
 2,000 
 
 New
 hire inducement grant for services 

February
 22, 2022 
 
 Holder
 of Senior Convertible Note 
 
 Senior
 Convertible Note 
 
 N/A 
 
 Exchange
 of Senior Convertible Note 

May
 28, 2021 
 
 Institutional
 Investor 
 
 Senior
 Convertible Note 
 
 N/A 
 
 35,000,000 

May
 28, 2021 
 
 Institutional
 Investor 
 
 Warrants
 to Purchase Shares of Common Stock 
 
 40,000 
 
 No
 additional consideration; included as part of the sale of the Senior Convertible Note 

52 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

Not
applicable. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with other sections of this Annual Report, including Item 1. Business 
and the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and related Notes included elsewhere in this Report. Unless otherwise indicated,
the terms we, us, or our refer to Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. (the Company 
or EEG ), a Nevada corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries. 

This
section of this report includes a number of forward-looking statements that reflect our current views with respect to future events and
financial performance. Forward looking statements are often identified by words such as, but not limited to, believe, expect, 
 anticipate, estimate, intend, plan, targets, likely, 
 aim, will, would, could, and similar expressions or phrases identify forward-looking
statements, but are not deemed to represent an all-inclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements as denoted in this discussion.
We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and future events and financial trends that we believe
may affect our financial condition, results of operation, business strategy and financial needs. You should not place undue certainty
on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this report. These forward-looking statements are subject to
certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or our predictions. 

Overview 

Esports
is a skill-based, competitive, and organized form of video gaming by professional players, playing individually or as teams. Esports
typically takes the form of organized, multiplayer video games that include genres such as real-time strategy, fighting, first-person
shooter and multiplayer online battle arena games. Most major professional esports events and a wide range of amateur esports events
are broadcast live via streaming services including twitch.tv and youtube.com. 

Esports
Entertainment Group, Inc. (the Company or EEG is an esports-focused iGaming and entertainment company with
a global footprint. EEG s strategy is to build and acquire betting and related platforms, and lever them into the rapidly growing
esports vertical. We operate the business in two verticals, EEG iGaming and EEG Games. 

We
have financed operations primarily through the sale of equity securities and debt. Until revenues are sufficient to meet our
needs, we will continue to attempt to secure financing through equity or debt securities. 

Basis
of Presentation 

We
operate two complementary business segments: Our EEG iGaming business and our EEG Games business. 

EEG
iGaming 

EEG
iGaming includes the esports betting platform with full casino and other functionality and services for iGaming customers. iDefix, proprietary
technology acquired in connection with the acquisition of Lucky Dino, is an MGA licensed iGaming platform with payments, payment automation
manager, bonusing, loyalty, compliance and casino integrations that services all Lucky Dino. 

EEG s
goal is to be a leader in the large and rapidly growing sector of esports real-money wagering, offering fans the ability to wager on
approved esports events in a licensed and secure environment. From February 2021, under the terms of our MGA license, we are now able
to accept wagers from residents of over 180 jurisdictions including countries within the EU, Canada, New Zealand and South Africa, on
our platform. 

53 

Alongside
 the esports focused platform, EEG owns and operates five online casino brands of Lucky Dino
 Gaming Limited and Hiidenkivi Estonia OU, its wholly-owned subsidiary (collectively referred
 to as Lucky Dino ), licensed by the MGA on its in-house built iDefix casino-platform.
 We currently hold one Tier-1 gambling licenses in Malta. Our Lucky Dino business provides
 a foothold in mature markets in Europe into which we believe we can cross-sell our esports
 offerings. 

EEG
Games 

EEG
Games focus is on providing esports entertainment experiences to gamers through a combination of: (1) our proprietary infrastructure
software, GGC, which underpins our focus on esports and is a leading provider of local area network LAN center management
software and services, enabling us to seamlessly manage mission critical functions such as game licensing and payments, and (2) the creation
of esports content for distribution to the betting industry. Currently, we operate our esports EEG Games business in the United States
and Europe. 

Key
Performance Indicators 

In
the esports and gaming industry, revenue is driven by discretionary consumer spending. We have no way of determining why customers spend
more or less money; therefore, we are unable to quantify a dollar amount for each factor that impacts our customers spending behaviors.
However, some insight into the factors that we believe are likely to account for such changes and which factors may have a greater impact
than others, include decreases in discretionary consumer spending have historically been brought about by weakened general economic conditions,
such as lackluster recoveries from recessions, high unemployment levels, higher income taxes, low levels of consumer confidence, weakness
in the housing market and high fuel or other transportation costs. Such insights are based solely on our judgment and professional experience,
and no assurance can be given as to the accuracy of our judgments. The vast majority of our revenues is EEG iGaming revenue, which is
highly dependent upon the number and volume and spending levels of customers. 

Reportable
Segments 

At
June 30, 2023, the Company has two reportable segments: EEG iGaming and EEG Games, consistent with June 30, 2022. 

Financial
Highlights 

The
following tables set forth a summary of our financial results for the periods indicated and are derived from our consolidated financial
statements for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively: 

Year
 Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

Net revenue 
 22,965,804 
 58,351,650 
 
 Total operating costs and expenses (excluding
 Loss on disposal of businesses, net and Asset impairment charges) 
 (43,635,968 
 (101,214,859 
 
 Loss on disposal of businesses, net 
 3,497,221 
 - 
 
 Asset impairment charges 
 (16,135,000 
 (46,498,689 
 
 Total other income (expense), net 
 8,017,282 
 (18,544,634 
 
 Income tax (expense) benefit 
 (376 
 5,674,442 
 
 Net loss 
 (32,285,479 
 (102,232,090 
 
 Net loss attributable to common stockholders 
 (33,632,161 
 (102,915,706 

54 

Non-GAAP
Information 

This
report includes Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-U.S. GAAP U.S. GAAP is defined as accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America) financial performance measure that we use to supplement our results presented in accordance with U.S.
GAAP. The presentation of this financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior
to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The Company uses this non-U.S. GAAP financial measure
for financial and operational decision making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. The Company believes that it provides
useful information about operating results, enhances the overall understanding of past financial performance and future prospects, and
allows for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in its financial and operational decision making. Adjusted
EBITDA, as calculated, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of performance of other companies in other industries
or within the same industry. We define Adjusted EBITDA as earnings (loss) before, as applicable to the particular period, interest expense,
net; income taxes; depreciation and amortization; stock-based compensation; cost of acquisition; asset impairment charges; loss on extinguishment
of senior convertible note; loss on conversion of senior convertible note; change in fair value of derivative liability; change in fair
value of warrant liability; change in fair value of contingent consideration; and other non-operating income (loss), net, and certain
other non-recurring, non-cash or non-core items, as described in the reconciliation below, if not covered above. 

Adjusted
EBITDA excludes certain expenses that are required in accordance with U.S. GAAP because they are non-recurring items (for example, in
the case of transaction-related costs), non-cash expenditures (for example, in the case of depreciation and amortization, stock-based
compensation, asset impairment charges, change in fair value of derivative liability and change in fair value of warrant liability),
or are not related to our underlying business performance (for example, in the case of interest income and expense and litigation settlement
and related costs). 

Segment
Revenues and Adjusted EBITDA 

The
table below presents our Segment Revenues and Adjusted EBITDA reconciled to our net loss, for the periods indicated: 

For
 the year ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net Revenue: 

EEG iGaming segment 
 19,690,722 
 53,104,795 
 
 EEG Games segment 
 3,275,082 
 5,246,855 

Total 
 22,965,804 
 58,351,650 

Net loss: 
 (32,285,479 
 (102,232,090 

Adjusted
 for: 

Interest expense 
 2,485,758 
 6,423,039 
 
 Loss on disposal of businesses, net 
 3,497,221 
 - 
 
 Gain on termination of lease 
 (799,901 
 - 
 
 Loss on conversion of senior convertible note 
 - 
 5,999,662 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of senior convertible
 note 
 1,821,013 
 28,478,804 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 
 (7,435,687 
 10,882,241 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 (7,113,292 
 (31,468,270 
 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 2,864,551 
 (2,355,308 
 
 Other non-operating (income) loss, net 
 160,276 
 584,466 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 6,475,794 
 12,026,581 
 
 Right of use asset amortization 
 46,244 
 506,742 
 
 Asset impairment charges 
 16,135,000 
 46,498,689 
 
 Stock-based compensation 
 1,148,147 
 5,165,653 
 
 Cost of acquisition 
 35,931 
 269,012 
 
 Income tax expense
 (benefit) 
 376 
 (5,674,442 
 
 Total
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (12,964,048 
 (24,895,221 

Adjusted EBITDA 

EEG iGaming segment 
 (2,542,357 
 (7,019,463 
 
 EEG Games segment 
 (3,064,747 
 (4,915,549 
 
 Other (1) 
 (7,356,944 
 (12,960,209 
 
 Total
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (12,964,048 
 (24,895,221 

(1)
Other comprises corporate and overhead costs. 

 (2)
We have no intersegment revenues or costs and thus no eliminations were required. 

 (3)
We define Adjusted EBITDA as earnings (loss) before, as applicable to the particular period, interest expense; income taxes; depreciation
and amortization including right of use asset amortization; stock-based compensation; cost of acquisition; asset impairment charges;
loss on extinguishment of senior convertible note; loss on conversion of senior convertible note; change in fair value of derivative
liability; change in fair value of warrant liability; change in fair value of contingent consideration; and other non-operating income
(loss), net and certain other non-recurring, non-cash or non-core items (included in table above). 

55 

Results
of Operations 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. The financial data is at the consolidated
and reporting segment levels and reported in U.S. Dollars ). 

Comparison
of Year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial
statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. The financial data is at the consolidated level and reported in U.S.
Dollar ). 

Net
Revenue 

Net
revenue totaled 23.0 million in the year ended June 30, 2023, a decrease of 35.4 million, or 61 , from the 58.4 million recorded in
the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease is primarily attributable to the sale of the Bethard Business on February 24, 2023 and the
decrease in the iGaming operations of Lucky Dino, Bethard and Argyll that were impacted by regulatory changes in the Netherlands, Finland
and the UK, and the worsening investment and market conditions. Argyll Entertainment was declared bankrupt by the Swiss court on March
27, 2023 and Argyll Productions was liquidated on June 9, 2023. On these dates the Company lost control of the Argyll entities and as
a result, they were deconsolidated. The decrease in the iGaming segment revenue was 33.4 million falling from 53.1 million to 19.7
million. Revenue in the EEG Games segment also decreased 1.9 million from 5.2 million to 3.3 million due to the disposal of the Helix
Holdings, LLC game center assets in Foxboro, MA and North Bergen, NJ that occurred in June 2022 and lower other revenues. The Company s
continuing revenue generating business are Lucky Dino and ggC going into new fiscal year. 

Cost
of Revenue 

Cost
of revenue totaled 8.8 million in the year ended June 30, 2023, a decrease of 15.4 million, or 64 , from the 24.2 million recorded
in the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease is primarily attributable to the sale of the Bethard Business on February 24, 2023 and
the liquidation of the Argyll operating entities on March 27, 2023 and June 9, 2023 and the decrease in the iGaming operations of Lucky
Dino, Bethard and Argyll in the EEG iGaming segment and includes corresponding EEG iGaming decreases in line with revenue. This includes
decreases of 9.2 million for payment processing fees, platform costs, gaming duties and costs related to revenue sharing arrangements,
 2.6 million for the game provider expenses and 1.8 million for lower other direct expenses related to the delivery of services. EEG
Games also had a reduction in costs with 1.7 million lower hosting, hardware and equipment costs and other direct expenses. 

Sales
and Marketing 

Sales
and marketing expense totaled 5.9 million in the year ended June 30, 2023, a decrease of 19.8 million, or 77 , compared to the 25.7
million recorded for the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease was primarily attributable to a 2.1 million reduction in marketing,
 13.3 million lower affiliate costs and 0.2 million lower sponsorship costs related to the EEG iGaming segment and a 4.0 million reduction
in corporate expense driven by 3.8 million less incurred for sponsorship agreements with professional sports clubs and our service partners,
and 0.2 million less other sales and marketing costs. 

General
and Administrative 

General
and administrative expense totaled 28.9 million for the year ended June 30, 2023, a decrease of 22.4 million, or 44 , compared to
the 51.3 million recorded for the year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease was primarily attributable to decreases of 5.4 million in
payroll costs, 3.3 million depreciation and amortization, 2.5 million in information technology related costs, and 0.8 million
decrease related to other general and administrative cost from the EEG iGaming segment, and further decreases of 0.8 million in
payroll costs, 2.3 million depreciation and amortization, and 1.1 million related to other general and administrative costs from
the EEG Games segment. Corporate general and administrative costs decreased 6.1 million with 1.3 million lower payroll costs, 3.5
million lower share based compensation expense and 1.3 million less other general and administrative cost primarily including lower
professional fees. 

56 

Loss
on disposal of businesses, net 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company recorded a loss on disposal of businesses, net of 3.5 million. 

On
January 18, 2023, the Company sold its Spanish iGaming operations, including its Spanish iGaming license and received approximately 1.2
million in proceeds and 1.1 million in cash from the return of a deposit held with the Spanish regulator. The Company recognized a gain
on disposal of the Spanish iGaming operations of 1.1 million. 

On
February 24, 2023, the Company sold its Bethard Business for purchase consideration determined by the Company to be 8.1 million comprised
of cash received on the Bethard Closing Date of 1.65 million 1.7 million using exchange rates in effect on the Bethard Closing
Date), holdback consideration of 0.15 million 0.16 million using exchange rates in effect on the Bethard Closing Date) and the
Company s settlement of its contingent consideration liability of 5.9 million 6.2 million using exchange rates in effect
on the Bethard Closing Date) that had originated from its acquisition of the Bethard Business on July 13, 2021 and other liabilities.
The Company recognized a loss on disposal of the Bethard Business of 7.7 million in Loss on disposal of businesses, net. 

On
November 10, 2022, the Company determined that it would close down its licensed remote gambling operation in the UK market. On
December 8, 2022, Argyll UK surrendered its UK license and the surrender was confirmed by the UKGC on December 9, 2022. The Swiss
courts declared Argyll Entertainment bankrupt on March 27, 2023, at which point the Company lost control of Argyll Entertainment
and, as a result, deconsolidated the entity. The Company further liquidated and deconsolidated Argyll Productions on June 9, 2023.
The Company had previously fully impaired the goodwill, intangible assets and other long-lived assets of Argyll UK in the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2022. The Company recognized a gain on disposal of 2.1 million for Argyll Entertainment and 0.6 million for
Argyll Productions, in loss on disposal of businesses, net. 

As
part of the sale and EGL on June 30, 2023, the Company recognized an additional gain on disposal of 0.4 million in loss on disposal
of businesses, net. 

The Company recognized a gain on sale of business of 1.1 million, which is included in other
income (expense) in the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Asset
Impairment Charges 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company initiated a process to evaluate the strategic options for the EEG iGaming business,
including exploring a sale of EEG iGaming assets due to increasing regulatory burdens and competition. In December 2022, the Company
closed down its licensed remote gambling operation in the UK market and on December 9, 2022, surrendered its UK license, as part of
the winding down of the Argyll UK iGaming operations. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company appointed a new Chief
Executive Officer and a new interim Chief Financial Officer and on January 18, 2023, sold its EEG iGaming Spanish license. As part
of these changes, the Company has been focused on reducing costs in its businesses as it has seen the EEG iGaming revenues decline
significantly from levels seen in the previous year and previous quarters. This and uncertainties caused by inflation and world
stability were determined to be a triggering event and the long-lived assets of the Company were quantitatively tested for
impairment at December 31, 2022. For year ended June 30, 2023, the Company recognized total goodwill asset impairment charges of
 16.1 million, with asset impairment charges to the goodwill of the iGaming reporting unit of 14.5 million, which is part of the
EEG iGaming segment, and to the goodwill of the GGC reporting unit of 1.6 million, which is part of the EEG Games segment. Further
downturns in economic, regulatory and operating conditions could result in additional goodwill impairment in future
periods. 

As
of June 30, 2022, the Company determined that in-person attendance at its Helix and customer game centers is not expected to attain
levels previously forecasted and that under the current liquidity and investment constraints it is less likely to reach the
previously forecasted revenue and profits in EGL and GGC. For the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company recognized 38.6 million of
asset impairment charges of long-lived assets, including 23.1 million of goodwill and 15.5 million of long-lived assets in the
EGL, GGC and Helix reporting units from the EEG Games segment. Also, during the year ended June 30, 2022, due to continuing
liquidity and investment restraints and the additional regulation and expected costs of continuing in the UK market that the iGaming
Argyll (UK) goodwill and asset group intangible assets and equipment were impaired resulting in asset impairment charges of 7.9
million, including 3.9 million of goodwill and 4.0 million of other long-lived assets in the iGaming Argyll reporting unit from
the EEG iGaming segment. This was a total for the year ended June 30, 2022 of 46.5 million. 

57 

Other
Income (expense) 

Other
income (expense), net changed 26.5 million from an expense of 18.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2022 to income of 8.0 million for
the year ended June 30, 2023. The other income for the year ended June 30, 2023 resulted primarily from 2.5 million of interest expense
related to the Senior Convertible Note, 1.8 million for the loss on extinguishment of the Senior Convertible Note related to the conversion
of 19.3 million of the Senior Convertible note into 2,242,143 shares of our common stock and an increase of 2.9 million for the change
in the fair value of the contingent consideration for Bethard, offset by other income primarily made up of 7.4 million for the change
in the fair value of the derivative liability on Senior Convertible Note and 7.1 million from the reduction in fair value of the warrant
liability. The driver of the change in fair value of the warrants was a decrease of 5.0 million for the September 2022 Warrants issued
as part of the September 2022 Offering that decreased from the 5.3 million valued on issuance at September 19, 2022 to 0.3 million
at June 30, 2023 and a decrease of 2.0 million for the March 2022 Warrants from 2.1 million at June 30, 2022 to 0.1 million at June
30, 2023. Other warrants also decreased 0.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

The
other expense for the year ended June 30, 2022 results primarily from the 10.9 million expense for derivative liabilities on senior
convertible note, 28.5 million of loss on extinguishment primarily attributable to amortization of the debt discount, 6.0 million loss
on the conversion of the Senior Convertible Note, driven by the conversion of a principal provided to the Senior Convertible Note holder
as part of the October 13, 2021 waiver provided on the covenants related to the Senior Convertible Note and 6.4 million in interest
expense. These expenses were offset by other income primarily made up of 2.4 million for the change in the fair value of the contingent
consideration due as part of the Bethard transaction and 31.5 million from the reduction in fair value of the warrant liability. The
Series A and Series B Warrants fair value decreased from 23.5 million as of June 30, 2021 to 0.1 million and the March 2022 Warrants
decreased from initial fair value of 10.2 million to 2.1 million as of June 30, 2022, resulting in a total gain of 31.5 million. 

Income
Tax (expense) benefit 

Income
tax expense for June 30, 2023 was not material. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company recorded no material current taxes,
remained in a cumulative loss position in all jurisdictions, and maintained a full valuation allowance position against any deferred
tax assets in the jurisdictions it operated in, thus recording no deferred tax benefits or expenses. The income tax benefit for the year ended June 30, 2022 was 5.7 million,
which resulted primarily from the release of valuation allowance of 5.7 million that followed an assessment of the realizability of
our deferred tax assets subsequent to the completion of the Bethard acquisition. 

Capital
Resources and Liquidity 

Liquidity
and Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Company have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern.
The going concern basis of presentation assumes that the Company will continue in operation one year after the date these consolidated
financial statements are issued and will be able to realize its assets and discharge its liabilities and commitments in the normal course
of business. 

The
Company has determined that certain factors raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern for a least one
year from the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements. 

The
Company considered that it had an accumulated deficit of 181.4 million as of June 30, 2023 and that it has had a history of recurring
losses from operations and recurring negative cash flows from operations as it has prepared to grow its esports business through acquisition
and new venture opportunities. At June 30, 2023, the Company had total current assets of 4.0 million and total current liabilities of
 8.9 million. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended June 30, 2023 was 15.7 million, which includes a net loss of
 32.3 million. 

58 

The
Company also considered its current liquidity as well as future market and economic conditions that may be deemed outside the control
of the Company as it relates to obtaining financing and generating future profits. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had 1.7 million
of available cash on-hand and net current liabilities of 4.8 million. 

In determining whether the Company can overcome
the presumption of substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern, the Company may consider the effects of any
mitigating plans for additional sources of financing. The Company identified additional financing sources it believes, depending on
market conditions, may be available to fund its operations and drive future growth, which include (i) up to 7.2 million in gross
proceeds from the Equity Distribution Agreement, through an at the market ATM equity offering program
whereby the Company will retain 50 of the net proceeds from ATM Sales (after deducting the agent s commissions pursuant to
the at the market offering and other customary offering expenses) and the remaining 50 of the net proceeds from ATM
Sales be used by the Company to redeem first, the outstanding shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock and second, the
outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock, unless the Holder elects to change such allocations (discussed further below per the
waiver dated October 6, 2023); (ii) the potential expected proceeds from future offerings, where the amount of the offering has not
yet been determined; and (iii) the ability to raise additional financing from other sources. The Company has been able to raise
additional funds through the capital markets and direct offerings and has recently completed the following transactions that have
added to cash flow and include additional potential sources of funding, including, (1) on May 22, 2023 the Company closed the
issuance of the Series D Preferred Stock, that includes the issuance of (i) 4,300 shares of Series D Preferred Stock for a price of
 1,000 per share, (ii) Common Warrants to purchase 1,433,333 shares of our common stock at a price of 1.96 per share, and (iii)
preferred warrants to purchase 4,300 shares of our Series D Preferred Stock at a price of 1,000 per share, for a total gross
proceeds to the Company of 4.3 million before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 0.3 million, for net proceeds of
 4.0 million, with the preferred warrants to purchase the Series D Preferred Stock as a potential source of additional funds; (2) on
August 15, 2023, the Company closed a securities purchase agreement with the holder of the Company s outstanding Series C
Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock (the Holder (the August RD SPA ). The August RD SPA relates
to the offering of (i) 1,000,000 shares of our common stock (the Common Stock ), 0.001 par value per share, for a
price of 0.1935 per share, directly to the Holder and (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase 4,167,959 shares of our Common Stock at
a price of 0.1935 per warrant, directly to such Holder (the August RD Pre-funded Warrants ), with all but 0.001 per
warrant prepaid to the Company at the closing of the offering. The August RD Pre-funded Warrants were exercisable immediately upon
issuance and were entirely exercised at an exercise price of 0.001 per share of Common Stock on August 17, 2023. The gross proceeds
from the issuance and sale of the shares of Common Stock and August RD Pre-funded Warrants, was approximately 1.0 million, before
deducting the estimated offering expenses payable of 130,000, for net proceeds of 870,000; 

These
above plans are likely to require the Company to place reliance on several factors, including favorable market conditions, to access
additional capital in the future. These plans were therefore determined not to be sufficient to overcome the presumption of substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not reflect any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The
amount of available cash on hand on October 12, 2023, one business day preceding this filing, was 0.3 million. 

The
Company believes that its current level of cash is not sufficient to fund its operations and obligations without
additional financing. Although the Company has financing available, as described above, the ability to raise financing using
these sources is subject to several factors, including market and economic conditions, performance, and investor sentiment as it relates
to the Company and the esports and iGaming industry. The combination of these conditions was determined to raise substantial doubt regarding
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of at least one year from the date of issuance of these consolidated
financial statements. 

Our material cash requirements
include sponsorships with professional teams and an online wagering and services agreement. The Company is expected to incur 0.5 million
in sponsorship obligations with various sports teams, with 0.3 being incurred within the next 12 months. The Company is also required
to pay 1,250,000 and issue 100 shares of common stock annually under the Bally s Corporation wagering and services agreement that
extends for 10 years from July 1, 2021 and has minimum annual commitments from September 28, 2023 of approximately 385,000 under the online wagering and
services agreement with Delasport Limited that has an initial term of 18 months with subsequent annual renewals. 

59 

The
Company s sources and (uses) of cash for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 are shown below: 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash (used in) operating activities 
 (15,746,481 
 (21,006,437 
 
 Cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 2,936,561 
 (20,080,376 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities 
 8,679,888 
 23,488,285 

Net cash used in operating
activities for the year ended June 30, 2023 was 15.7 million, which includes a net loss of 32.3 million, offset by net non-cash adjustments
of 16.6 million. 

Net
cash provided by investing activities for the year ended June 30, 2023 totaled 2.9 million principally related to the sale of the Bethard
business and Spanish operations. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended June 30, 2023 totaled 8.7 million, which related to 4.0 million net
proceeds from the sale of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock issuance, 9.0 million net proceeds from the December 2022
Registered Direct Offering, including exercise of pre-funded warrants, and the September 2022 Offering, offset by the repayments of
part of the Senior Convertible Note principal of 3.5 million, repayments of notes payable and a finance lease for less than 0.1
million and the payments of the dividends on the 10 Series A cumulative redeemable convertible preferred stock of 0.8
million. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

For
a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial
statements. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 

Management s
discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires our management to
make assumptions and estimates about future events and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues
and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. These estimates are based on management s historical
and industry experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. On a regular basis,
we evaluate these accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our financial statements are presented fairly
and in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty, actual results
may differ from our estimates, and such differences could be material. 

A
full discussion of our significant accounting policies is contained in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, which is included
in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. 

We
believe that the following accounting estimates are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our financial results.
These estimates require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments because they relate to matters that are inherently uncertain. 

Revenue
recognition 

Revenue
and Cost Recognition 

The
revenue of the Company is currently generated from online casino and sports betting (referred to herein as EEG iGaming
revenue ), and esports revenue (referred to herein as EEG Games Revenue ), consisting of the sales of
subscriptions to access cloud-based software used by independent operators of game centers, and from hardware and equipment sales,
consulting and data analytic services provided to game operators EEG Games Esports and Other Revenue ), and from the
provision of esports event and team management services EEG Games Esports Event Management and Team Service Revenue ).
The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606 Revenue
from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 when control of a product or service is transferred to a customer. The
amount of revenue is measured at the transaction price, or the amount of consideration that the Company expects to receive in
exchange for transferring a promised good or service. The transaction price includes estimates of variable consideration to the
extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of revenue recognized will not occur. 

60 

Revenue
generating activities of the Company may be subject to value added tax VAT in certain jurisdictions in which the Company
operates. Revenue is presented net of VAT in the consolidated statements of operations. VAT receivables and VAT payables are included
in other receivables and accounts payable and accrued expenses, respectively on the consolidated balance sheets. Sales to customers do
not have significant financing components or payment terms greater than 12 months. 

EEG
iGaming Revenue 

EEG
iGaming revenue is derived from the placement of bets by end-users, also referred to as customers, through online gaming sites. The transaction
price in an iGaming contract, or Net Gaming Revenue NGR ), is the difference between gaming wins and losses, as further
reduced by any nondiscretionary incentives awarded to the customer. Gaming transactions involve four performance obligations, namely
the settlement of each individual bet, the honoring of discretionary incentives available to the customer through loyalty reward programs,
the award of free spin and deposit match bonuses, and the winning of a casino jackpot. The total amount wagered by a customer is commonly
referred to as the win or Gross Gaming Revenue GGR ). The GGR is allocated to each performance obligation using the relative
standalone selling price determined for iGaming contracts. 

Revenue
recognition for individual wagers is recognized when the gaming occurs, as such gaming activities are settled immediately. The revenue
allocated to incentives, such as loyalty points offered through a rewards program, is deferred and recognized as revenue when the loyalty
points are redeemed. Revenue allocated to free spins and deposit matches, referred to as bonuses, are recognized at the time that they
are wagered. Jackpots, other than the incremental progressive jackpots, are recognized at the time they are won by customers. The Company
applies a practical expedient by accounting for its performance obligations on a portfolio basis as iGaming contracts have similar characteristics.
The Company expects the application of the revenue recognition guidance to a portfolio of iGaming contracts will not materially differ
from the application of the revenue recognition guidance on an individual contract basis. 

The
Company evaluates bets that its users place on websites owned by third party brands in order to determine whether it may recognize revenue
on a gross basis, when acting as the principal provider of the wagering service, or on a net basis, when acting as an intermediary or
agent. The principal in a wagering service involving a third party is generally the entity that controls the wagering service such that
it has a right to the services being performed by the third party and can direct the third party in delivery of the service to its users.
The Company records revenue on a gross basis as it has determined it is the principal in transactions involving third parties, such as
revenue sharing arrangements, as it controls the wagering service being offered to the users such that it has a right to the service
performed by third parties and can further direct third parties in providing services to users. The Company further records expenses
related to its revenue sharing arrangements and other third-party iGaming expenses within costs of revenue in the consolidated statements
of operations. 

EEG
Games Revenue 

EEG
Games Esports and Other Revenue 

The
Company derives revenue from sales of subscriptions to access cloud-based software used by independent operators of game centers, as
well as from consulting services provided to game operators. The revenue derived from the sale of subscription services to cloud-based
software used by game centers is recognized over the term of the contract, using the input method of time lapsed to measure the progress
toward satisfying the performance obligation, which generally can range from one month to three years in duration, beginning on the date
the customer is provided access to the Company s hosted software platform. Maintenance services are recognized over time, using
the input method as services are performed. 

The
Company previously derived revenue from its operation of game centers and revenue was recognized when a customer purchased time to use
the esports gaming equipment at each center. The revenue from time purchased by a customer and from the sale of concessions was recognized
at the point of sale. The Company disposed of this revenue stream through the sale of Helix on June 10, 2022. 

61 

The Company further provides hardware and equipment
sales and consultation services related to the use of hardware and equipment for gaming operations together with implementation services
that include sourcing, training, planning, and installation of technology. The Company considers services related to hardware and equipment
and implementation, as separate performance obligations. Revenue for hardware and equipment sales and implementation are recognized at
a point in time upon satisfaction of the performance obligation when the customer obtains control. 

Contracts
that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each distinct performance obligation
based on a relative standalone selling price basis unless the transaction price is variable and meets the criteria to be allocated entirely
to a performance obligation or to a distinct good or service that forms part of a single performance obligation. The Company determines
standalone selling price based on the price at which the performance obligation is sold separately. If the standalone selling price is
not observable through past transactions, the Company estimates the standalone selling price taking into account the Company s
overall pricing objectives, considering market conditions and other factors, including the value of the deliverables in the contracts,
customer demographics, geographic locations, and the number and types of users within the contracts. The Company does not have any significant
financing components or significant payment terms in its contracts. 

EEG
Games Esports Event Management and Team Service Revenue 

The
Company derived revenue from esports event management and team services prior to the sale of EGL on June 30, 2023. Esports event management
services supported the creation, production and delivery of an esports event by providing event staffing, gaming consoles, and other
technical goods and services for a customer event that is either hosted live in person or online. The revenue generated from esports
event management services was generally earned on a fixed fee basis per event. 

The
esports team services offerings of the Company included recruitment and management services offered to sports clubs to facilitate their
entrance into esports tournament competition. Team services provided to a customer may include player recruitment, administration of
player contracts, processing of tournament admission, providing logistical arrangements, as well as providing ongoing support to the
team during the event. Team services are earned on a fixed fee basis per tournament. 

Esports
event management and team services revenues were recognized over the term of the event or the relevant contractual term for services
as this method best depicts the transfer of control to the customer. The Company recognized revenue for event management services based
on the number of days completed for the event relative to the total days of the event. Revenue from team management services was recognized
from inception of the contract through the end of the tournament using the number of days completed relative to the total number of days
in the contract term. Revenue collected in advance of the event management or team services was recorded as deferred revenue on the consolidated
balance sheets. The Company also could enter into profit sharing arrangements which were determined based on the net revenue earned by
the customer for an event in addition to a fixed fee. Revenue recognition for profit sharing arrangements was recognized at the time
the revenue from the event is determined, which is generally at the conclusion of the event. An event or team services contact may further
have required the Company to distribute payments to event or tournament attendees resulting in the recognition of a processing fee by
the Company. The Company did not recognize revenue from the processing of payments until the conclusion of the event or tournament. 

62 

The
Company evaluated the service being provided under an esports event and team services contract to determine whether it should recognize
revenue on a gross basis as the principal provider of the service, or on a net basis in a manner similar to that of an agent. The Company
has determined that for esports event and team services contracts that allow for the assignment of individual tasks to a third-party
contractor, the Company acted as the principal provider of the service being offered to the customer as it remains primarily responsible
for fulfilling the contractual promise to the customer. In profit sharing arrangements, such as events that allow for the Company to
share in the revenue earned by a customer for an event, the Company had determined it acts in the role of an agent to the customer as
the event creator. The Company also determined it acted as an agent when it collected a processing fee for performing the service of
distributing prize money on behalf of its customers to event or tournament winners. 

Impairment
of Goodwill and long-lived assets 

Goodwill
represents the excess of fair value of consideration paid for an acquired entity over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed in a business combination. Goodwill is not amortized but rather it is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level on an
annual basis at the beginning of the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, or more often if events or changes in circumstances indicate
that more likely than not the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. A reporting unit represents an operating segment or
a component of an operating segment. In accordance with ASC Topic 350 Intangibles Goodwill and Other , after the disposals
in the year ended June 30, 2023, our business is classified into the following reporting units: iGaming Malta and GGC. 

In
testing goodwill for impairment, we have the option to begin with a qualitative assessment, commonly referred to as Step 0, 
to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit containing goodwill is less than its carrying
value. This qualitative assessment may include, but is not limited to, reviewing factors such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and
market considerations, cost factors, entity-specific financial performance and other events, including changes in our management, strategy
and primary user base. If we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying
value, we then perform a quantitative goodwill impairment analysis by comparing the carrying amount to the fair value of the reporting
unit. If it is determined that the fair value is less than its carrying amount, the excess of the goodwill carrying amount over the implied
fair value is recognized as an impairment loss in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2017-04, Goodwill
and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Accounting for Goodwill Impairment . The Company utilizes a discounted cash flow analysis,
referred to as an income approach, and uses internal and market multiples, to assess reasonableness of assumptions, to determine the
estimated fair value of our reporting units. For the income approach, significant judgments and assumptions including anticipated revenue
growth rates, discount rates, gross margins, operating expenses, working capital needs and capital expenditures are inherent in the fair
value estimates, which are based on our operating and capital forecasts. As a result, actual results may differ from the estimates utilized
in our income approach. The use of alternate judgments and/or assumptions could result in a fair value that differs from our estimate
and could result in the recognition of additional impairment charges in the financial statements. As a test for reasonableness, the Company
also considers the combined fair values of our reporting units to a reasonable market capitalization of the Company. The Company may
elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a quantitative impairment test. 

63 

Equipment
and other long-lived assets, including finite lived intangibles, are evaluated for impairment periodically or when events and circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If an evaluation is required, an estimate of future undiscounted
cash flows are determined through estimated disposition date of the asset. To the extent that estimated future undiscounted net cash
flows attributable to the asset are less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the difference between the
carrying value of such asset and its fair value, considering external market participant assumptions. An estimation of future cash flows
requires significant judgment as the Company makes assumptions about future results and market conditions. Since the determination of
future cash flows is an estimate of future performance, there may be impairments recognized in future periods in the event future cash
flows do not meet expectations. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide information required by this Item. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

See
financial statements included in Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules of this annual report. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

As
previously reported on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 28, 2022, based on information provided by
the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Friedman LLP, effective September 1, 2022, Friedman LLP combined with
Marcum LLP and continued to operate as an independent registered public accounting firm. On October 25, 2022, the Audit Committee of
the Board of Directors of the Company approved the dismissal of Friedman LLP and the engagement of Marcum LLP to serve as the independent
registered public accounting firm of the Company. The services previously provided by Friedman LLP are now provided by Marcum LLP.
There are no disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Conclusion
Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain a set of disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports
filed under the Securities Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that this information is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. As further discussed below, we have identified material weaknesses in the effectiveness, design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures. 

64 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as a process designed
by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer and effected by our
Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States U.S. GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: 

1. 
 Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
 of the Company; 
 
 2. 
 Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 U.S. GAAP and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
 directors of the Company; and 
 
 3. 
 Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect
to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material
misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent
limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to
reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

The
Company s management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, do not expect that its disclosure controls
or internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. In addition, the design of a control system must
reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because
of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments
in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. 

As
of June 30, 2023, management has not completed an effective assessment of the Company s internal controls over financial reporting
based on the 2013 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) Internal Control Integrated Framework. Management has concluded
that, during the period covered by this report, our internal controls and procedures were not effective to detect the inappropriate application
of U.S. GAAP. Management identified the following material weaknesses set forth below in our internal control over financial reporting. 

1. 
 We
 did not perform an ongoing and/or separate formal evaluation to determine whether the components of internal control are present
 and functioning within the period under audit; 
 
 2. 
 We
 did not have sufficient period-end financial reporting controls in place as it relates to segregation of duties, reviews of certain
 completed or non-recurring transactions, accounting for income taxes, and certain procedures for preparing the financial statements
 and disclosures. 
 
 3. 
 We
 did not have sufficient controls in place as it relates to information technology IT controls and IT controls were not formally evaluated to determine operating effectiveness, including the evaluation of system
 organization controls and related complementary user entity controls. 

The
material weaknesses described above could result in misstatements of the accounts and disclosures that would result in a material misstatement
of the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered independent public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered independent
public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only the management s report in this annual
report. 

65 

Remediation
Plans and Actions 

Management
has taken, and will continue to take, several actions to remediate the identified material weaknesses. By fiscal year end 2024: 

during
 the period ending June 30, 2023, the Company has undergone significant changes in its business composition and operations and is
 performing a risk assessment to reevaluate the control environment and to implement, enhance, monitor, and assess the internal controls;
 and 

continue
 with the development of procedures for executing the design, documentation, implementation, and assessment of internal controls. 

Although
management believes the Company has made improvements, additional efforts are necessary to remediate the material weaknesses. To further
address the material weaknesses, the Company will, among other things, continue to: 

conduct
 training for process and control owners about the system of internal control and Sarbanes-Oxley requirements and control design and
 execution best practices; 

engaging
 an experienced income tax consultant to assist management 

reinforce
 accountability and retaining required supporting control documentation through the implementation of a control repository for retaining
 evidence; 

implement
 reporting tools and procedures for the monitoring of SOX compliance throughout the organization; 

perform
 detailed analysis of segregation of duties to minimize duty conflicts where possible as well as properly mitigate risks of any unavoidable
 conflicts; and 

perform
 detailed assessment and evaluation of information technology controls to ensure the proper controls are designed and implemented
 including the evaluation of third-party system and organization control reports. 

In
addition, under the direction of the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors, management will continue to develop and
implement policies and procedures to improve the overall effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Management believes
the foregoing efforts will effectively remediate the material weaknesses. As the Company continues to evaluate and work to improve its
internal control over financial reporting, management may determine additional measures are necessary to address control deficiencies
or determine that it is necessary to modify the remediation plan described above. Management cannot provide assurance as to when the
Company will remediate such weaknesses, nor can management be certain of whether additional actions will be required or the costs of
any such actions. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other
than changes described under Remediation Plans and Actions, there were no changes in our internal control over
financial reporting during the three months ended June 30, 2023, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

66 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
names of our executive officers and directors and their age, title, and biography as of June 30, 2023 are set forth below. Our officers
and directors serve until their respective successors are elected and qualified. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position(s) 
 
 Non-Executive
 Directors: 

Alan
 Alden 
 
 62 
 
 Director 
 
 Jan
 Jones Blackhurst 
 
 74 
 
 Director
 and Chair of the Board of Directors 
 
 Chul
 Woong Lim 
 
 41 
 
 Director 
 
 Robert
 Soper 
 
 51 
 
 Director 
 
 Executive Officers: 

Alex
 Igelman 
 
 57 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Damian
 Mathews 
 
 51 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer and Director, 
 Former
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) (resigned December 31, 2022) and 
 Former
 Chief Operating Officer (resigned December 31, 2022, reappointed May 29, 2023) 
 
 Jennifer
 Pace 
 
 59 
 
 Chief
 People Officer 
 
 Lydia
 Roy 
 
 50 
 
 Group
 General Counsel and Compliance, Corporate Secretary 
 
 Michael
 Villani 
 
 47 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

The
following noteworthy experience, qualifications, attributes and skills for each Board member, together with the biographical information
for each person described below, led to our conclusion that the person should serve as a director in light of our business and structure: 

Alan
Alden 

Mr.
Alden has served as a director of the Company since October 2020. Mr. Alden has been a specialist in advising remote gaming companies
located in Malta since 2000, when he advised the first remote gaming companies as the Senior Manager of Enterprise Risk Services at Deloitte
 Touche (Malta). In 2006, Mr. Alden established Kyte Consultants Ltd, a company that specialized in the remote gaming and payment
card sectors, to assist companies located in Malta. In 2009, Mr. Alden became a founding director in Contact Advisory Services Ltd, a
licensed Company Service Provider that offers a complete service to its customers, from company incorporation, to licensing for gaming
and financial institutions. Since 2010, Mr. Alden has served as the General Secretary of the Malta Remote Gaming Council. Mr. Alden is
a Certified Information Systems Security Professional and a Certified Information Systems Auditor. Mr. Alden was also the founding President
of the ISACA Malta Chapter between 2005 and 2008. In 2015, Mr. Alden became a Part Time Lecturer on IT Auditing at the University of
Malta. Mr. Alden was selected to serve as a director because of his extensive experience in the gaming industry. 

Jan
Jones Blackhurst 

Ms.
Jones Blackhurst has served as a director of the Company since May 2022 and as Chair of the Board of Directors on . Ms. Jones Blackhurst
has served as a director of Caesars Entertainment, Inc. (Nasdaq: CZR) since October 2019. Ms. Jones Blackhurst served as Executive Vice
President, Public Policy and Corporate Responsibility of Caesars from May 2017 through September 2019. Ms. Jones Blackhurst also served
as Executive Vice President of Communications and Government Relations of Caesars from November 2011 until May 2017 and as Senior Vice
President of Communications and Government Relations of Caesars from November 1999 to November 2011. Ms. Jones Blackhurst has over 20
years of experience in the gaming industry and has played a key role in innovating responsible gaming programs that are now used throughout
the industry. Ms. Jones Blackhurst serves as the Chairwoman of the Public Education Foundation and as Chief Executive-In-Residence of
the UNLV International Gaming Institute. Ms. Jones Blackhurst became Executive Director, UNLV Black Fire Leadership Initiative in January
2022. Since February 2022, Ms. Jones Blackhurst has served as a director of Gaming Hospitality Acquisition Corp. Prior to joining
Caesars, Ms. Jones Blackhurst served two terms as Mayor of Las Vegas, from 1991 until 1999. Ms. Blackhurst was selected to serve as a
director because of her extensive experience in the gaming industry and proven leadership abilities. 

67 

Chul
Woong Lim 

Mr.
Lim has served as a director of the Company since October 2020. Since June 2018, Mr. Lim has served as Director of Global Business
for Loud Communications based in Seoul, South Korea. Between 2014 and 2018 Mr. Lim was the Secretary General of the International
e-Sports Federation (IeSF) based in Seoul, South Korea where he was responsible for relations with 47 national federations,
international sports authorities, and global partners, in addition to organizing and operating the eSports World Championship and
other international esports tournaments. During 2010, Mr. Lim was Deputy Manager of Sports Marketing with FIRSONS Inc., a Seoul,
South Korea based sports events marketing firm. Mr. Lim served as a director of the Company from January 30, 2015 and October
26, 2016. Mr. Lim received a B.S. in Physical Education from Seoul National University. Mr. Lim was selected to serve as a director
because of his extensive experience in the gaming industry. 

Robert
Soper 

Mr.
Soper has served as a director since June 2023. Mr. Soper has served as Chief Executive Officer and Founder of Sun Gaming Hospitality
LLC since April 2017. Mr. Soper also served as International President for Mohegan Gaming Entertainment from March 2021 to June
2022. Prior to this, Mr. Soper spent over 20 years serving in various executive roles, including as President and Chief Executive Officer
of various Mohegan Sun entities. Mr. Soper previously served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Mohegan Sun Pocono in Wilkes-Barre,
PA, and President and Chief Executive Officer of Mohegan Sun in Uncasville, Connecticut. As President and Chief Executive Officer of
these properties, Mr. Soper was responsible for overseeing the successful launch of the first casino in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
as well as the launch of online gaming for the organization. In addition, Mr. Soper served as President and Chief Executive Officer of
the Mohegan parent company, Mohegan Tribal Gaming Authority (MTGA) where he oversaw all business development efforts and day-to-day operations
of MTGA. Mr. Soper graduated magna cum laude with a Bachelor of Business Administration in Economics from the University of Georgia,
and graduated with a Juris Doctor from the University of Georgia Law with honors, also serving on the Editorial Board of the Georgia
Law Review. Mr. Soper currently serves on the board of directors of Playgon Games, a Toronto-based public company. Mr. Soper was selected
to serve as a director due to his extensive experience in the gaming industry. 

Alex
Igelman 

Mr.
Igelman has served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer since January 2023. He has more than 30 years of experience in the
gaming industry. He is a gaming lawyer and the co-founder of FairP2P and Esports Capital Corp., entities which have been leaders in their
respective sectors. During his career, Mr. Igelman worked across the gambling and gaming industry in a variety of senior leadership positions.
From 2016 to 2019, Mr. Igelman served as Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of Millennial Esports Corporation, an esports
platform provider and from 2019, was Founder and Managing Director of Esports Capital Corp. advisory and investment company. Mr. Igelman
provides extensive knowledge of esports and related businesses to the Company and is well connected within esports and gaming. 

Damian
Mathews 

Mr.
Mathews is the Company s Chief Operating Offer, reappointed effective May 29, 2023. Mr. Mathews joined as a Director in June 2020
and was the chair of the Audit Committee until he took on other roles at the Company in 2022. Mr. Mathews previously served as our Chief
Financial Officer of the Company since April 2022 and added the role of Chief Operating Officer in June 2022 until his resignation from
those positions on December 31, 2022. Mr. Mathews combines over 25 years of experience in senior finance positions within investment
management, banking and accounting. Previously, Mr. Mathews served as Group Chief Operating Officer at Auckland Real Estate Co. from
2021 to 2022 and as Chief Financial Officer at the Qatar and Abu Dhabi Investment Company (a sovereign wealth fund owned investment company)
from 2014 to 2020. From 2012 to 2014 he was a Director of his own consultancy business, NZ Pacific Investments, in New Zealand. From
2009 to 2012 he held senior management positions including General Manager Finance (New Zealand); Head of Finance and Operations Americas
(United States); and Head of Change Management (Australia) at Commonwealth Bank of Australia Group. From 2007 to 2008, Mr. Mathews was
a Director in Product Control at ABN Amro Bank in London. From 2002 to 2006 he held various senior financial controller positions at
Royal Bank of Scotland Group in London. From 1998 to 2002 he was an Assistant Vice President at Credit Suisse First Boston investment
bank in London and the Bahamas. From 1994 to 1998, he was an Assistant Manager at KPMG in London. He has a joint honors undergraduate
degree in Economics and Politics from the University of Bristol in the United Kingdom and is a fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants
in England and Wales. Mr. Matthews was selected to serve as a director due to his extensive financial experience and valuable operational
and strategic insights to the Board s decision-making process from his term as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. 

68 

Jennifer
Pace 

Ms.
Pace has been the Chief People Officer of the Company since September 2022. Previously, Ms. Pace was the Senior Vice President of Human
Resources and Administration since September 2022. Ms. Pace combines over two and a half years of experience in iGaming/gaming senior
management following a 22-year career in the financial services sector. Ms. Pace was the Vice President of Payments and People Operations
of the Company from April 2020 to September 2022 and the Head of Payments of the Company from January to April 2020. She was also the
company secretary for Western Union Business Solutions from February to December 2018 and for Western Union Malta Holdings Limited and
Western Union Malta Ltd from December 2017 to December 2018. From November 2014 to December 2018, she was a director of Western Union
Business Solutions, Western Union Malta Holdings Limited and Western Union Malta Ltd. From 2011 through 2018, Ms. Pace was the country
manager for Western Union Business Solutions, a financial services and B2B payments company. From 2009 to 2011, she was country manager
Malta/Cyprus Lebanon for Travelex Financial Services Ltd, a company involved in financial services and B2B Payments. From 1992
to 2000, she was a business development manager and FX Trader of Thomas Cook Financial Services Ltd, a financial services Business to
Business and Business to Customer company that focused on foreign exchange. Ms. Pace is also currently a director of Esports Entertainment
(Malta) Ltd, Prozone Ltd, BHGES PLC., all iGaming licensed companies. Ms. Pace holds a level 3 CISI Finance and Financial Management
Services qualification, Level 3 and an MQF Level 7 (MA equivalent) in Advanced Employment Law. 

Lydia
Roy 

Ms.
Roy has been Group General Counsel and Compliance, Corporate Secretary for the Company since February 2022. Ms. Roy joined the Company
in 2022 as Head of Legal, Esports. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Roy served as senior counsel for Flutter Entertainment- The Stars
Group Brand from 2017 to 2022, and several multinational corporations ranging from gaming, logistics and security. Ms. Roy received a
bachelor s degree in Political Science and Sociology from the University of Ottawa. She received a J.D. and L.L.L from the University
of Ottawa Law School. Ms. Roy is a member of the Law Society of Ontario in Canada and a member of the Massachusetts Bar. She is licensed
to practice in Ontario Canada, Massachusetts and Florida as Authorized House Counsel Florida Bar. 

Michael
Villani 

Mr.
Villani has served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer since August 2023, and interim Chief Financial Officer since
January 2023. Mr. Villani joined the Company in February 2022 as its Financial Controller. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Villani
worked as a Director in the Deal Advisory practice of KPMG supporting clients with technical accounting, buy-side and sell-side
transactions, initial public offerings (IPOs) and SEC reporting. Mr. Villani worked a total of 18 years at KPMG LLP, with 9 years in
the Deal Advisory practice and 9 years in the audit practice. Mr. Villani was also previously employed as the Chief Financial
Officer of a Geneva-based hedge fund and has held other senior accounting level roles at public companies. Mr. Villani is a CPA and
is a graduate of Pace University, magna cum laude. 

Ms.
Jones Blackhurst and Messrs. Alden, Lim and Soper, are independent directors as that term is defined in Section 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq
rules. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. 

69 

Board
Composition and Director Independence 

Our
Common Stock and warrants are listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market. Under the rules of Nasdaq, independent directors must
make up a majority of a listed company s Board of Directors. In addition, applicable Nasdaq rules require that, subject to specified
exceptions, each member of a listed company s audit and compensation committees be independent within the meaning of the applicable
Nasdaq rules. Audit Committee members must also satisfy the independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange Act. 

Our
Board of Directors consists of five members. The directors will serve until our next annual meeting and until their successors are duly
elected and qualified. The Company defines independent as that term is defined in Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq rules. 

In
making the determination of whether a member of the Board of Directors is independent, our Board of Directors considers, among other
things, transactions and relationships between each director and his immediate family and the Company, including those reported under
the caption Related Party Transactions. The purpose of this review is to determine whether any such relationships or transactions
are material and, therefore, inconsistent with a determination that the directors are independent. On the basis of such review and its
understanding of such relationships and transactions, our Board of Directors affirmatively determined that Ms. Jones Blackhurst and Messrs.
Alden, Lim and Soper are qualified as independent and do not have any material relationships with us that might interfere with exercising
independent judgment. 

Board
Committees 

Our
Board of Directors has established an Audit Committee and a Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Each committee
has its own charter, which is available on our website at https://esportsentertainmentgroup.com/governance-documents/ . Each of
the board committees has the composition and responsibilities described below. 

Members
will serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our Board of Directors. 

Our
independent directors noted above are independent within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules. 

The
members of each committee are, as follows: 

Audit
Committee: Mr. Alden, Ms. Jones Blackhurst and Mr. Lim. Mr. Alden serves as Chair. 

Compensation,
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee: Ms. Jones Blackhurst, Mr. Alden and Mr. Lim. Ms. Jones Blackhurst serves as Chair. 

Audit
Committee 

The
Audit Committee oversees the Company s accounting and financial reporting processes and oversees the audit of the Company s consolidated
financial statements and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The specific functions of this
Committee include, but are not limited to: 

selecting
 and recommending to our Board of Directors the appointment of an independent registered public accounting firm and overseeing the
 engagement of such firm; 

approving
 the fees to be paid to the independent registered public accounting firm; 

helping
 to ensure the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

overseeing
 the integrity of our financial statements; 

preparing
 an audit committee report as required by the SEC to be included in our annual proxy statement; 

resolving
 any disagreements between management and the auditors regarding financial reporting; 

reviewing
 with management and the independent auditors any correspondence with regulators and any published reports that raise material issues
 regarding the Company s accounting policies; 

reviewing
 and approving all related-party transactions; and 

overseeing
 compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. 

70 

Compensation,
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, the Board merged the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee into
the Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (the CNCG Committee to streamline the operations of
the Board. 

The
CNCG Committee is responsible for setting compensation levels for the Chief Executive Officer CEO ), Chief Financial Officer CFO ), and all other Named Executive Officers NEOs of the Company and members of the Company s Board
of Directors, establishes compensation, incentive and benefit plans for such individuals and approves payments under such incentive plans.
In addition, the Committee is responsible for developing and implementing policies and procedures that relate to the Board s responsibilities
for general corporate governance including Board organization, membership and evaluation to meet its fiduciary obligations to Esports
Entertainment Group, Inc. and its shareholders. 

The
Committee will have the following duties and responsibilities: 

Compensation
Levels for Named Executive Officers and Directors 

Establish
 compensation packages for the Company s CEO, CFO, and other NEOs and directors with
 consideration of pay ranges for comparable positions in similar size companies. Data for
 such comparisons is obtained from nationwide surveys conducted by independent compensation
 consulting firms and from reviewing other companies compensation information included
 in their proxy statements. 

Set
 compensation for the Company s CEO, CFO, and other NEOs within competitive ranges considering
 performance related factors including the Company s overall results during the past
 year and its performance relative to a budgeted plan or stated goals and objectives. Consideration
 also is given to an individual s contribution to the Company and the accomplishments
 of departments for which that individual has management responsibility as well as potential
 for future contributions to the Company. 

The
 Committee will review and approve goals and objectives of the CEO, CFO and other NEOs in
 consultation with the full Board, evaluate CEO, CFO, and other NEOs and directors 
 performance in light of those objectives, and set CEO, CFO and other NEOs compensation levels
 consistent with those objectives. 

The
 Committee will review and approve the consideration paid to non-employee directors for any
 annual retainers and/or meeting fees. No member of the Committee will act to fix his or her
 own compensation except for uniform compensation paid to all directors for their services
 as such. 

The
 Committee will review and approve compensation packages for new NEOs and directors and termination
 or severance packages for the same and may also approve compensation for other company employees
 as requested by management. 

The
 Committee will review and approve the awards made under any executive officer bonus plan
 and provide an appropriate report to the Board. 

Compensation
Plans 

Review
 the competitiveness of the Company s executive compensation programs and director compensation
 to: (a) attract and retain qualified individuals, (b) provide motivation to achieve the Company s
 business objectives, and (c) align the interest of key leadership with the long-term interests
 of the Company s shareholders. 

Review
 trends in management and director compensation, oversee the development of new compensation
 plans and, when necessary, approve the revision of existing plans. 

71 

Review
 and make recommendations concerning long-term incentive compensation plans, including the
 use of stock options and other equity-based plans. Except as otherwise delegated by the Board,
 the Committee will act on behalf of the Board as the Committee established
 to administer equity-based and employee benefit plans, and as such will discharge any responsibilities
 imposed on the Committee under those plans, including making and authorizing grants, in accordance
 with the terms of those plans. 

Evaluation
 and selection of recipients of stock awards and options, establishing the timing of grants,
 and setting the option exercise price within the terms of the Option Plan, if any. 

Resource
Planning 

Ensures
 compensation policies are designed to attract and retain highly skilled individuals, reward
 outstanding individual performance, encourage cooperative team efforts and provide an incentive
 to enhance long term stockholder value. 

Review
 and discuss with the Board and senior officers plans for officer development and corporate
 succession plans for the CEO, CFO and other NEOs. 

Review
 periodic reports from management on matters relating to the Company s personnel appointments
 and practices. 

Produce
 an annual Report of the Committee on Executive and Director Compensation for the Company s
 annual proxy statement. 

Nominating 

Sole
 authority to retain and terminate any search firm, at the company s expense, to be
 used to identify director candidates and has the sole authority to approve any such firm s
 fees and other retention and termination terms. 

Determine
 the skills and qualifications in accordance with search criteria required of potential directors,
 identify, screen potential candidates and make recommendations to the Board of Directors
 to fill vacancies on the Board. Full Board approval is required for nominees to stand for
 election at the annual meeting of the shareholders. 

Annually,
 evaluate candidates to be nominated to serve on the Board and recommend the slate of nominees
 to stand for election at the annual meeting of the shareholders. In evaluating candidates,
 the committee shall take into account the following: whether a candidate is independent,
 relevant experience, leadership qualities, diversity, and ability to represent shareholders. 

Annually
 review and recommend to the Board for approval the appointment of directors to Board committees
 and the selection of the Chair for each committee. 

Corporate
Governance 

Develop
 and recommend to the Board for approval a set of corporate governance principles and practices
 applicable to the company and review such principles annually and recommend amendments as
 necessary. 

Oversee
 the evaluation of the Board and its committees, which may include developing and recommending
 an annual review process. 

Annually
 review the Committee s Charter to assess adequacy and update and/or amend as appropriate. 

72 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our principal executive, financial and accounting officers and all persons performing similar
functions. A copy of that code is available on our corporate website at www. http://esportsentertainmentgroup.com/governance-documents .
We expect that any amendments to such code, or any waivers of its requirements, will be disclosed on our website. 

Board
Diversity 

We
seek diversity in experience, viewpoint, education, skill, and other individual qualities and attributes to be represented on our Board
of Directors. We believe directors should have various qualifications, including individual character and integrity; business experience;
leadership ability; strategic planning skills, ability, and experience; requisite knowledge of our industry and finance, accounting,
and legal matters; communications and interpersonal skills; and the ability and willingness to devote time to our company. We also believe
the skill sets, backgrounds, and qualifications of our directors, taken as a whole, should provide a significant mix of diversity in
personal and professional experience, background, viewpoints, perspectives, knowledge, and abilities. Nominees are not to be discriminated
against on the basis of race, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, disability, or any other basis proscribed by law. The
assessment of prospective directors is made in the context of the perceived needs of our Board of Directors from time to time. 

All
of our directors have held high-level positions in business or professional service firms and have experience in dealing with complex
issues. We believe that all our directors are individuals of high character and integrity, are able to work well with others, and have
committed to devote sufficient time to the business and affairs of our company. In addition to these attributes, the description of each
director s background set forth above indicates the specific qualifications, skills, perspectives, and experience necessary to
conclude that each individual should continue to serve as a director of our company. 

Board
and Committee Meetings 

Our
Board of Directors held twenty formal board meetings, six formal Audit Committee meetings, one formal Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
meeting and three formal Compensation Committee meetings
during year ended June 30, 2023. Our Board of Directors held eleven formal board meetings and four formal Audit Committee meetings during
year ended June 30, 2022. 

Annual
Meeting Attendance 

We
encourage each of our directors to attend annual meetings of stockholders. To that end, and to the extent reasonably practicable, we
will schedule a meeting of our Board of Directors on the same day as our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023, our named executive officers Named Executive Officers or NEOs were: 

Alex
 Igelman, Chief Executive Officer 

Damian
 Mathews, Chief Operating Officer and Director 

Jennifer
 Pace, Chief Human Resources Officer 

Lydia
 Roy, Group General Counsel, Compliance and Corporate Secretary 

Michael
 Villani, Chief Financial Officer 

John
 Brackens, Chief Information Officer and Chief Technology Officer, through May 2023 

Grant
 Johnson, Chief Executive Officer, through December 2022 

73 

The
following table summarizes information concerning the compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to, our Chief Executive Officer (Principal
Executive Officer or PEO) and our two most highly compensated executive officers other than the Principal Executive Officer during fiscal
years 2023 and 2022 (collectively, the Named Executive Officers who served in such capacities. We have included the former
Chief Executive Officer and the former Chief Information Officer and Chief Technology Officer, who resigned from their positions during
the year. We also included Damian Mathews, who resigned from his position as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer on December
31, 2022 and later rejoined the Company as the Chief Operating Officer on May 29, 2023. 

Name and
 Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards ) (1) 
 Option Awards 

 ) (1) 
 Other Annual Compensation ) 
 All
 Other Compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Alex Igelman, 
 2023 
 150,000 
 
 184,000 
 84,312 

418,312 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (2) 
 2022 

Damian Mathews, 
 2023 
 173,334 

173,334 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and
 Chief Operating Officer (3) 
 2022 
 68,811 
 
 142,400 
 160,054 
 
 11,500 
 382,765 

Lydia Roy, 
 2023 
 250,000 

250,000 
 
 Group General Counsel, Compliance
 and Corporate Secretary (4) 
 2022 
 205,000 

107,769 

312,769 

Michael Villani, 
 2023 
 227,500 

227,500 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and
 Financial Controller (5) 
 2022 
 205,000 

106,702 

311,702 

John Brackens, 
 2023 
 175,000 

66,667 
 241,667 
 
 Former Chief Information Officer
 and Chief Technology Officer (6) 
 2022 
 200,000 

164,321 

364,321 

Grant Johnson, 
 2023 
 125,000 

125,000 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer
 and President (7) 
 2022 
 300,000 

164,321 
 
 14,800 
 479,121 

(1) 
 For awards of stock and options, the aggregate grant date
 fair value was computed in accordance with ASC 718 on the date of grant. 

74 

(2) 
 Mr.
 Igelman has an annual salary of 300,000. Mr. Igelman was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Company on January 3, 2023. In
 connection with his appointment, he received inducement equity awards outside the
 Company s Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4). Mr.
 Igelman was granted an award of 25,000 shares of common stock at 7.36 grant price and an award of 25,000 time-based stock options
 at 3.37 on January 3, 2023. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Mathews has an annual salary of 280,000 following his appointment as Chief Operating Officer on May 29, 2023.
 Previously, Mr. Mathews earned a salary of 300,000 in his role as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer until his
 resignation from those positions on December 31, 2022. During the year ended June 30, 2022, and in connection with his appointment
 as Chief Financial Officer on April 4, 2022, Mr. Mathews was issued 2,000 shares of Common Stock at 71.00 grant price. As part of
 his role as non-executive director Mr. Mathews received director fees of 11,500 and was issued 300 stock options at 533.51 fair
 value grant price during the year ended June 30, 2022. 

(4) 
 Ms.
 Roy has an annual salary of 250,000. Ms. Roy was appointed Group General Counsel, Compliance and Corporate Secretary for the
 Company from February 2022. Ms. Roy joined the Company in 2021 as Head of Legal, Esports. During the year ended June 30, 2022, Ms.
 Roy was issued 202 stock options at a 533.51 fair value grant price. 

(5) 
 Mr.
 Villani has an annual salary of 227,500 during the year ended June 2023 and 205,000 during the year ended June 30, 2022. Mr.
 Villani was appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer and Financial Controller on January 6, 2023 and subsequently as permanent
 Chief Financial Officer on August 29, 2023. During the year ended June 30, 2022, Mr. Villani was issued 200 stock options at 533.51
 fair value grant price. 

(6) 
 Mr.
 Brackens has an annual salary of approximately 200,000. Mr. John Brackens has served as the Company s Chief Information
 Officer (CIO) and Chief Technology Officer (CTO) from September 20, 2019 to May 15, 2023. During the year ended June 30, 2022, Mr. Brackens was
 issued 308 stock options at 533.51 fair value grant price. 

(7) 
 Mr.
 Johnson had an annual salary of 300,000. During the year ended June 30, 2022, Mr. Johnson was issued
 308 stock options at 534.00 fair value grant price. All other compensation includes 4,800 for office rent reimbursement and
 10,000 for car allowance. 

Employment
Agreements 

Alex
Igelman 

On
December 23, 2022, Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. (the Company announced the appointment of Alex Igelman as Chief Executive
Officer, effective January 3, 2023. Mr. Igelman joins the Company with more than 30 years of experience in the gaming industry. He is
a gaming lawyer and the co-founder of FairP2P and Esports Capital Corp., entities which have been leaders in their respective sectors.
During his career, Mr. Igelman worked across the gambling and gaming industry in a variety of senior leadership positions. 

In
connection with Mr. Igelman s appointment as Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Igelman and the Company entered into an employment agreement
(the Agreement on December 22, 2022, which provides for a base salary of 300,000 and the grant of common stock and stock
options. These stock awards are being granted as inducement equity awards outside the Company s Esports Entertainment Group, Inc.
2020 Equity Incentive Plan in accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635(c)(4). Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, subject to the
commencement of his employment, the Company will grant Mr. Igelman an award of 25,000 shares of common stock and an award of 25,000 time-based
stock options. Mr. Igelman s shares of common stock may not be sold or transferred until the six-month anniversary of the date
of grant. Mr. Igelman s stock options will vest in equal quarterly installments over a one-year period subject to his continued
employment with the Company on the applicable vesting dates. The stock awards are subject to the terms of an award agreement outlining
the specific terms of the stock awards. Mr. Igelman may also participate in the executive stock option plan consistent with other C-level
officers. Mr. Igelman is eligible to earn an annual bonus of 50 of his base salary, subject to satisfaction of goals and objectives
to be set each year by the Board of Directors (the Board ). 

75 

The
Agreement is at-will and either the Company or Mr. Igelman may terminate the employment at any time for any reason or no reason with
90 days advanced written notice. Upon termination of Mr. Igelman s employment because of disability, the Company shall pay or provide
Mr. Igelman, subject to continued compliance with applicable restrictive covenants, (i) any unpaid base fee and any accrued vacation
through the date of termination; (ii) any unpaid annual bonus accrued with respect to the fiscal year ending on or preceding the date
of termination; (iii) reimbursement for any unreimbursed expenses properly incurred through the date of termination; and (iv) any accrued
benefits. Upon the termination of Mr. Igelman s employment because of death, Mr. Igelman s estate shall be entitled to any
accrued benefits. Upon the termination of Mr. Igelman s employment by the Company for cause or by either party in connection with
a failure to renew the employment agreement, subject to continued compliance with applicable restrictive covenants, the Company shall
pay Mr. Igelman any accrued benefits. 

Damian
Mathews 

On
May 29, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with agreement with Mr. Mathews to serve as the Company s Chief Operating Officer.
Mr. Mathews salary is approximately 280,000 per annum paid in monthly payments in NZD. The employment agreement with Mr. Mathews is
for one year and is automatically extended for an additional one year term unless the Company or Mr. Mathews provides written notice
within 60 days notice prior to the end of the current employment term. Mr. Mathews is eligible to earn an annual employee stock option
bonus in such amount, if any, as determined in the sole discretion of the Board. Mr. Mathews participates in the executive stock option
plan consistent with other C-level officers. The employment agreement with Mr. Mathews may be terminated with or without cause. Upon
termination Mr. Mathews employment because of disability, the Company shall pay or provide Mr. Mathews (i) any unpaid base fee
and any accrued vacation through the date of termination; (ii) any unpaid annual bonus accrued with respect to the fiscal year ending
on or preceding the date of termination; (iii) reimbursement for any unreimbursed expenses properly incurred through the date of termination;
and (iv) any Accrued Benefits. Upon the termination of Mr. Mathews employment because of death, Mr. Mathews estate shall
be entitled to any Accrued Benefits. Upon the termination of Mr. Mathews employment by the Company for cause or by either
party in connection with a failure to renew the employment agreement, the Company shall pay Mr. Mathews any Accrued Benefits. 

Lydia
Roy 

On
February 7, 2022, the Company appointed Ms. Roy Group General Counsel, Compliance and Corporate Secretary. In connection with the
appointment, Ms. Roy received a base salary of 250,000. The employment agreement with Ms. Roy is for one year and is automatically
extended for an additional one-year term unless the Company or Ms. Roy provides written notice within 60 days notice prior to the
end of the current employment term. Ms. Roy is eligible to earn an annual employee stock option bonus in such amount, if any, as
determined in the sole discretion of the Board. Ms. Roy is also eligible to participate in the executive stock option
plan consistent with other executive officers. The employment agreement with Ms. Roy may be terminated with or without cause. Upon
termination Ms. Roy s employment because of disability, the Company shall pay or provide Ms. Roy (i) any unpaid base fee and
any accrued vacation through the date of termination; (ii) any unpaid annual bonus accrued with respect to the fiscal year ending on
or preceding the date of termination; (iii) reimbursement for any unreimbursed expenses properly incurred through the date of
termination; and (iv) any Accrued Benefits. Upon the termination of Ms. Roy s employment because of death, Ms. Roy s
estate shall be entitled to any Accrued Benefits. Upon the termination of Ms. Roy s employment by the Company for cause or by
either party in connection with a failure to renew the employment agreement, the Company shall pay Ms. Roy any Accrued
Benefits. 

Michael
Villani 

Effective
August 29, 2023, Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. (the Company announced the appointment of Michael Villani, 47, as the
permanent Chief Financial Officer, from his previous role as Interim Chief Financial Officer and Financial Controller. Mr. Villani serves
as the Company s Principal Financial Officer. In connection with Mr. Villani s appointment as the Chief Financial Officer,
Mr. Villani and the Company entered into an employment agreement (the Agreement on August 29, 2023, which provides for
a base salary of 250,000. Mr. Villani may also participate in the executive stock option plan consistent with other C-level officers.
Mr. Villani is eligible to earn an annual discretionary bonus, subject to satisfaction of goals and objectives to be set each year by
the Board. 

The
Agreement is at-will and either the Company or Mr. Villani may terminate the employment at any time, with or without Cause (as defined
in the Agreement), or for any or no Cause, with 90 days advance written notice required to be provided by Mr. Villani to the Company.
Upon termination of Mr. Villani s employment, other than for Cause, the Company shall pay or provide Mr. Villani, subject to continued
compliance with applicable restrictive covenants, three months salary continuation to be paid in accordance with the Company s
payroll practices. 

76 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at June 30, 2023 

The
following table summarizes the outstanding equity award holdings held by our named executive officers and directors as of June 30, 2023.
The shares issuable upon exercise of options as well as the option exercise price have been adjusted for the one-hundred-to-one reverse
split completed by the Company on February 22, 2023. 

Name 
 Grant
 date 
 Shares 
 issuable upon exercise of options 
 Option 
 exercise 
 price ) 
 Option 
 expiration 
 date 
 
 Non-Executive Directors: 

Alan Alden, 
 October 8, 2020 
 200 
 482.00 
 January 7, 2026 
 
 Director (1) 
 October 1, 2021 
 300 
 671.00 
 October 1, 2026 
 
 Jan Jones Blackhurst 
 N/A 

N/A 
 
 Director and Chair of the Board (2) 

Chul Wong Lim, 
 October 8, 2020 
 200 
 482.00 
 January 7, 2026 
 
 Director (3) 
 October 1, 2021 
 300 
 671.00 
 October 1, 2026 
 
 Robert Soper, 
 N/A 

N/A 
 
 Director (4) 

Named-Executive Officers: 

Alex Igelman, 
 January 3, 2023 
 25,000 
 7.36 
 January 3, 2033 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (5) 

Damian Mathews, 
 October 8, 2020 
 200 
 482.00 
 January 7, 2026 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Director (6) 
 October 1, 2021 
 300 
 671.00 
 October 1, 2026 
 
 Jennifer Pace, 
 October 8, 2020 
 200 
 482.00 
 January 7, 2026 
 
 Chief People Officer (7) 
 October 1, 2021 
 300 
 671.00 
 October 1, 2026 
 
 Lydia Roy, 
 October 1, 2021 
 202 
 671.00 
 October 1, 2026 
 
 Group General Counsel, Compliance and Corporate
 Secretary (8) 

Michael Villani, 
 October 1, 2021 
 200 
 671.00 
 October 1, 2026 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (9) 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Alden was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and Chair of the Compensation Committee from
 October 1, 2020. 

(2) 
 Ms.
 Jones Blackhurst was appointed as Non-Executive Director of Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. from May 3, 2022 and as Chair of the
 Board of Director from December 3, 2022. Ms. Jones Blackhurst has not been issued stock or options in connection with her appointments
 at the Company. 

(3) 
 Mr.
 Lim was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and a member of the Compensation Committee from
 October 1, 2020. 

(4) 
 Mr.
 Soper was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. from June 6, 2023. Mr. Soper has not been issued
 stock or options in connection with his appointment at the Company. 

(5) 
 Mr.
 Igelman was appointed Chief Executive Officer of the Company from January 3, 2023. Mr. Igelman received the options in connection
 with his appointment. 

(6) 
 Mr.
 Mathews was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and Chair of the Audit Committee from October
 1, 2020. Mr. Mathews resigned from his role as Non-Executive Director on appointment as Chief Financial Officer on April 2, 2022
 and as an Executive Directory. Mr. Mathews also took on the role of Chief Operating Officer on June 1, 2022. Mr. Mathews resigned
 from his role as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer on December 31, 2022 and rejoined the Company as Chief Operating
 Officer from May 29, 2023. Mr. Mathews remained on the Board of Directors throughout the year and continues to serve as director
 in addition to his Chief Operating Officer role. 

(7) 
 Ms.
 Pace was appointed Chief People Officer of the Company from September 1, 2022. 

(8) 
 Ms.
 Roy was appointed Group General Counsel, Compliance and Corporate Secretary of the Company from February 7, 2022. 

(9) 
 Mr.
 Villani was appointed Interim Chief Financial Officer and Financial Controller on January 6, 2023 and subsequently as permanent Chief
 Financial Officer on August 29, 2023. 

77 

Stock
Incentive Plans 

On
September 10, 2020, the Board adopted the 2020 Equity and Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan that provides for the
issuance of incentive and non-qualified stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and stock appreciation rights to
officers, employees, directors, consultants, and other key persons. Under the 2020 Plan, the maximum number of shares of Common
Stock authorized for issuance was 15,000 shares. Each year on January 1, for a period of up to nine years, the maximum number of
shares authorized for issuance under the 2020 Plan is automatically increased by 2,340 shares. At June 30, 2023, there was a maximum
of 22,019 shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance under the 2020 Plan. There were no additional equity awards eligible for
issuance from the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan that had been adopted by the Company on August 1, 2017. The outstanding stock options
granted under the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan were transferred to the 2020 Plan. As of June 30, 2023, there were 16,398 shares of
Common Stock available for future issuance under the 2020 Plan. On January 3, 2023, the Company issued an award of 25,000 time-based
stock options to the Chief Executive Officer with an exercise price of 7.36 per option outside of the 2020 Plan. The Chief Executive Officer s stock
options will vest in equal quarterly installments over a one-year period subject to his continued employment with the Company on the
applicable vesting dates. 

Incentive
Stock Options 

All
of our employees are eligible to be granted Incentive Stock Options pursuant to the 2020 Plan as may be determined by our Board which administers the Plan. 

Options
granted pursuant to the 2020 Plan terminate at such time as may be specified when the option is granted. 

The
total fair market value of the shares of Common Stock (determined at the time of the grant of the option) for which any employee may
be granted options which are first exercisable in any calendar year may not exceed 100,000. 

In
the discretion of the Board, options granted pursuant to the 2020 Plan may include installment exercise terms for any option
such that the option becomes fully exercisable in a series of cumulating portions. The Board may also accelerate the date
upon which any option (or any part of any option) is first exercisable. However, no option, or any portion thereof may be exercisable
until one year following the date of grant. In no event shall an option granted to an employee then owning more than l0 of our Common
Stock be exercisable by its terms after the expiration of five years from the date of grant, nor shall any other option granted pursuant
to 2020 Plan be exercisable by its terms after the expiration of ten years from the date of grant. 

Non-Qualified
Stock Options 

Our
employees, directors and officers, and consultants or advisors are eligible to be granted Non-Qualified Stock Options pursuant to 2020
Plan as may be determined by our Board which administers the Plan, provided however that bona fide services must be rendered
by such consultants or advisors and such services must not be in connection with a capital-raising transaction or promoting our Common
Stock. 

Options
granted pursuant to 2020 Plan terminate at such time as may be specified when the option is granted. 

In
the discretion of the Board options granted pursuant to the Plan may include instalment exercise terms for any option such
that the option becomes fully exercisable in a series of cumulating portions. The Board may also accelerate the date upon
which any option (or any part of any option) is first exercisable. In no event shall an option be exercisable by its terms after the
expiration of ten years from the date of grant. 

78 

Stock
Bonuses 

Our
employees, directors and officers, and consultants or advisors are eligible to receive a grant of our shares, provided however that bona
fide services must be rendered by such consultants or advisors and such services must not be in connection with a capital-raising transaction
or promoting our Common Stock. The grant of the shares rests entirely with our Board which administers the Plan. It is also
left to the Board to decide the type of vesting and transfer restrictions which will be placed on the shares. 

Employee
Pension, Profit Sharing or other Retirement Plan 

We
do not have a defined benefit, pension plan, profit sharing or other retirement plan, although we may adopt one or more of such plans
in the future. 

Director
Compensation 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Non-Executive Directors deferred certain cash payments to repurpose resources to
operational matters of the Company. The table below shows the compensation paid to our non-executive directors during the year ended
June 30, 2023. 

Name 
 Year 
 Fees
 Earned or Paid in Cash 
 Stock 
 Awards (1) 
 Option 
 Awards (2) 
 Total 
 
 Chul Woong Lim (3) 
 2023 
 10,000 

10,000 
 
 Alan Alden (4) 
 2023 
 5,000 

5,000 
 
 Damian Mathews (5) 
 2023 
 2,500 

2,500 
 
 Jan Jones Blackhurst (6) 
 2023 

Kaitesi Munroe (7) 
 2023 
 10,000 

10,000 
 
 Robert Soper (8) 
 2023 

(1) 
 The
 fair value of stock issued for services computed in accordance with ASC 718 on the date of grant. 
 
 (2) 
 The
 fair value of options granted computed in accordance with ASC 718 on the date of grant. 
 
 (3) 
 Mr.
 Lim was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and a member of the Compensation Committee (now
 CNCG Committee) as from October 1, 2020. Mr. Lim was appointed to the Audit Committee effective May 3, 2022. 
 
 (4) 
 Mr.
 Alden was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. as from October 1, 2020. Mr. Alden was appointed
 to the Nominating and Governance Committee (now CNCG Committee) and as Chair of the Audit Committee on June 1, 2022. 
 
 (5) 
 Mr.
 Mathews was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and Chair of the Audit Committee as from October
 1, 2020. Mr. Mathews resigned from his role as Non-Executive Director on appointment as Chief Financial Officer on April 2, 2022
 and as an Executive Director. Mr. Mathews also took on the role of Chief Operating Officer on June 1, 2022. Mr. Mathews resigned
 from his role as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer on December 31, 2022 and rejoined the Company as Chief Operating
 Officer from May 29, 2023. Mr. Mathews remained on the Board of Directors throughout the year and continues to serve as director
 in addition to his Chief Operating Officer role. 
 
 (6) 
 Ms.
 Jones Blackhurst was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. from May 3, 2022. Ms. Jones Blackhurst
 was appointed to the Audit committee effective May 3, 2022, as Chair of the Compensation Committee and as Chair of the Nominating
 and Governance committee (both now the CNCG Committee) effective May 25, 2022. 
 
 (7) 
 Ms.
 Munroe was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of Esports Entertainment Group, Inc from May 17, 2022. Ms. Munroe was appointed
 to the Compensation Committee, Nominating and Governance Committee effective June 1, 2022. Ms. Munroe resigned from her position
 on October 17, 2022. 
 
 (8) 
 Mr.
 Soper was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. from June 6, 2023. Mr. Soper did not receive
 any payments during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

79 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding our voting shares beneficially owned as of October 12, 2023 and is based on
67,329,316 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, for (i) each stockholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of our outstanding
shares of common stock, (ii) each named executive officer and director, and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. A
person is considered to beneficially own any shares: (i) over which such person, directly or indirectly, exercises sole or shared voting
or investment power, or (ii) of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days through an
exercise of stock options or warrants. Unless otherwise indicated, voting and investment power relating to the shares shown in the table
for our directors and executive officers is exercised solely by the beneficial owner or shared by the owner and the owner s spouse
or children. 

For
purposes of this table, a person or group of persons is deemed to have beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock
that such person has the right to acquire within 60 days of October 12, 2023. For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares
of our common stock held by each person or group of persons, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60
days of October 12, 2023, is deemed to be outstanding, but is not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of any other person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership.
Unless otherwise indicated, each of the stockholders named in the table below, or his or her family members, has sole voting and investment
power with respect to such shares of our common stock. Except as otherwise indicated, the address of each of the stockholders listed
below is: Block 6, Triq Paceville, St. Julians, Malta, STJ 3109. 

The
following shows the stock ownership of our named executive officers, directors, and any persons known to us who owns more than 5 of
our common stock as of October 12, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount and nature of beneficial ownership 
 Percent of class 
 
 Alex Igelman 16 Calvin Chambers Road, Thornhill, Ontario, Canada, L4J 1E7 
 (1) 
 43,750 

Michael Villani 84 Festival Court, White Plains, New York 10603 
 (2) 
 250 

Damian Mathews 69 De Luen Avenue Tindalls Beach, Whangaparaoa Auckland 0930 
 (3) 
 2,581 

John Brackens The Terraces, Triq is-Simar, Apt.7A, Xemxija St Paul s Bay, Malta SPB9026 
 (4) 
 916 

Alan Alden 202, Yucca, Swieqi Road Swieqi, SWQ 3454, Malta 
 (5) 
 548 

Jan Jones Blackhurst 100 West Liberty Street, 12 th Floor Reno, NV, 89501 
 
 - 

Chul Woong Lim 204-804 Susaek Rd. 100 Seodaemun-gu Seoul, Korea 
 (6) 
 709 

Robert Soper 3061 NW 125 th Ave., Sunrise FL 33323 
 
 - 

Former Named Executive Officers 
 (7) 
 35,546 

All Executive Officers and Directors as a group 
 
 84,300 

less
 than 1 

(1) 
 Includes
 18,750 options to purchase shares of common stock currently exercisable. 

(2) 
 Includes
 200 options to purchase shares of common stock currently exercisable. 

(3) 
 Includes
 500 options to purchase shares of common stock currently exercisable. 

(4) 
 Includes
 708 options to purchase shares of common stock currently exercisable. 

(5) 
 Includes
 500 options to purchase shares of common stock currently exercisable. 

(6) 
 Includes
 500 options to purchase shares of common stock currently exercisable. 

(7) 
 Includes
 34,034 shares of common stock for the former Chief Executive Officer. Also, includes 756 shares of common stock for the former Chief Financial Officer and 756 shares
 of common stock for the former Chief Operating Officer, based on the most recently available information to the Company. 

80 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

Related
Party Transactions 

Under
our written Related Party Transactions Policy, our Group General Counsel, Compliance and Corporate Secretary will review any potential
Related Party Transaction to determine if it is subject to the policy. If the Group General Counsel, Compliance and Corporate Secretary
determines that it is subject to the policy, the transaction will be referred to our Audit Committee for approval or ratification. Our
Company s policy with regard to related party transactions is for the Audit Committee of the Board to approve any
material transactions involving our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our outstanding capital stock. 

Fiscal
Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

The
Company s Chief Executive Officer owns less than 5 of Oddin.gg, a vendor of the Company, that was owed 47,895 and 3,359 by the
Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company incurred cost of revenue to Oddin.gg of 72,107 and 52,791 for years
ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. On October 3, 2023, the Company signed an agreement to integrate the Oddin.gg esports iFrame solution that will allow
the Company to offer esports wagering to its iGaming customers. The integration of the Oddin.gg s esports iFrame solution is expected
to be completed by the Company in the first half of fiscal 2024. The agreement requires the Company to pay Oddin.gg a revenue share
based on the net gaming revenues generated from esports wagering. 

The
Company reimbursed the former Chief Executive Officer for office rent and related expenses. The Company incurred charges owed to the
former Chief Executive Officer for office expense reimbursement of 2,400 and 4,800 for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022,
respectively. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, there were no amounts payable to the former Chief Executive Officer. The former Chief
Executive Officer was terminated for cause by the Board from his position as Chief Executive Officer on December 3, 2022. The former
Chief Executive Officer resigned from the Board on December 23, 2022. 

On
May 4, 2017, the Company entered into a services agreement and a referral agreement with Contact Advisory Services Ltd., an entity
that is partly owned by a member of the Board. The Company incurred general and administrative expenses of 18,521 and 26,148 for
years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, in accordance with these agreements. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, there was
approximately 12,700 and 0 amounts payable to Contact Advisory Services Ltd, respectively. 

The
Company had retained services from a former member of its Board who remained as an advisor to the Company with an annual fee of 60,000.
The member was previously retained through a consultancy agreement dated August 1, 2020 and an employment agreement dated June 15, 2020.
The consultancy agreement required payments of 18,000 21,920 translated using the exchange rate in effect at June 30, 2022) per
month to the firm that is controlled by this member of the Board. The individual also received payroll of 500 per month through the
employment agreement as Chief Operating Officer. The member resigned from the Board and from his role as Chief Operating Officer on May
31, 2022 and the consultancy agreement and the employment agreement were terminated. 

The
Company retained the services of its former Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer through a consultancy agreement dated
April 2, 2022 and an employment agreement dated April 2, 2022. The Company remitted monthly payments to its former Chief Financial Officer
of NZD 36,995 23,524 translated using the exchange rate in effect at June 30, 2022) under the consultancy agreement and 500 per month
under the employment agreement. In connection with this appointment the Company provided a one-time issuance of 2,000 shares of Common
Stock to the former Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer. The former Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer
resigned from his roles on December 31, 2022, and the consultancy agreement and employment agreement were terminated. He later rejoined
the Company as the Chief Operating Officer on May 29, 2023 under a new employment agreement. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company engaged in transactions with Tilt, LLC a game center operator controlled by the head of
GGC. This included net sales to Tilt, LLC in the amount of 222,559 for game center equipment, and amounts paid to Tilt, LLC of
 33,600 for equipment leased, 16,589 for services, 20,128 for cryptocurrency mining and 140,000 for purchases of computer
inventory. The individual was no longer employed by the Company during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

The
remainder of the information required by this item is incorporated by reference to Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance Board Composition and Director Independence and Board Committees. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Audit
Fees . The aggregate fees billed by our independent registered public accounting firms, for professional services rendered for
the audit of our annual financial statements for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, including review of our interim financial
statements were 946,050 and 968,883, respectively. This includes 399,000 and 547,050 billed from Marcum LLP and Friedman LLP for the year ended June 30, 2023,
respectively. All amounts were billed from Friedman LLP for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Audit
Related Fees . We incurred fees to our independent registered public accounting firms of 351,800 and 245,000 for audit related
fees during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which related to filings with the SEC by the Company during
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. This includes 331,800 and 20,000 billed from Marcum LLP and Friedman LLP for the year ended June 30, 2023,
respectively. All amounts were billed from Friedman LLP for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Tax
Fees . We did not incur fees to our independent registered public accounting firms for tax during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023
and 2022. 

All
Other Fees . We did not incur fees to our independent registered public accounting firms for products and services provided by the
principal accountant, other than the services reported above, during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

The
Audit Committee pre-approves all auditing services and all permitted non-auditing services (including the fees and terms thereof) to
be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

81 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

1. 
 Financial
 Statements: 

Our
financial statements and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included herein on page F-1. 

2. 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules: 

The
financial statement schedules are omitted as they are either not applicable or the information required is presented in the financial
statements and notes thereto on page F-1. 

3. 
 Exhibits: 

INDEX
TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 
 
 Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 Filed
 or Furnished 
 
 Form 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing
 Date 
 
 Herewith 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 
 S-1 
 
 3.1 
 
 05/02/2019 

3.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws 
 
 S-1 
 
 3.2 
 
 05/02/2019 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation with respect to the 10.0 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.001 per share, dated November 10, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 11/16/2021 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 05/01/2023 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 05/26/2023 

4.1 
 
 Form of Indenture relating to the issuance from time to time in one or more series of debentures, notes, bonds, or other evidences of indebtedness 
 
 S-3/A 
 
 4.1 
 
 02/03/2021 

4.2 
 
 Form
 of Representative Warrant 
 
 S-1 
 
 4.1 
 
 02/13/2020 

4.3 
 
 Form of Senior Convertible Note 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 06/01/2021 

4.4 
 
 Description of Securities 

X 
 
 4.5 
 
 Warrant
 Agency Agreement by and between Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and VStock Transfer, LLC including Form of Warrant, dated March
 2, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 03/02/2022 

4.6 
 
 Warrant Agency Agreement by and between Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and VStock Transfer, LLC including Form of Warrant, dated September 19, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 09/19/2022 

4.7 
 
 Warrant Agency Agreement by and between Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and VStock Transfer, LLC including Form of Warrant, dated December 21, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 12/27/2022 

4.8 
 
 Common Warrants Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 05/26/2023 

4.9 
 
 Preferred Warrants Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.2 
 
 05/26/2023 

4.10 
 
 Pre-Funded Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 08/16/2023 

10.1 
 
 Share
 Exchange Agreement dated May 20, 2013 by and among Company, Shawn Erickson, H H Arizona Inc., Next Generation Holdings Trust,
 and the Shareholder of H H Arizona Inc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 08/07/2014 

10.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Employment Agreement with Grant Johnson 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.9 
 
 10/01/2020 

10.3 
 
 Employment
 Agreement with John Brackens 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 05/23/2019 

10.4 
 
 Form
 of Director Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 09/03/2020 

10.5 
 
 Form
 of Engagement Agreement with Daniel Marks 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.27 
 
 10/01/2020 

10.6 
 
 Stock
 purchase agreement, by and among Esports Entertainment Group, Inc., LHE Enterprises Limited, and AHG Entertainment, LLC 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.28 
 
 10/01/2020 

10.7 
 
 Form
 of Warrant issued to AHG Entertainment, LLC 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.29 
 
 10/01/2020 

10.8 
 
 Assignment
 of Intellectual Property Rights Agreement, by and among Esports Entertainment Group, Inc., AHG Entertainment Associates, LLC and
 Flip Sports Limited 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.30 
 
 10/01/2020 

10.9 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement, by and among Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and Rivington Law 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.31 
 
 10/01/2020 

10.10 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement, by and between Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and Rivington Law 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/08/2020 

10.11 
 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement, dated December 14, 2020, by and among Esports Entertainment (Malta) Limited, Lucky Dino Gaming Limited, and Hiidenkivi
 Esonia OU 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/17/2020 

82 

10.12 
 
 Share
 Purchase Agreement dated December 17, 2020, by and among Esports Entertainment Group, Inc., Phoenix Games Network Limited, and the
 shareholders of Phoenix Games Network Limited 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/21/2020 

10.13 
 
 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated January 22, 2021, by and between Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and Helix Holdings, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 01/27/2021 

10.14 
 
 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated January 22, 2021, by and between Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and ggCIRCUIT LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 01/27/2021 

10.15 
 
 Form of Share Purchase Agreement dated February 11, 2021 between Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and certain purchasers 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 02/12/2021 

10.16 
 
 Placement Agent Agreement dated February 11, 2021 by and between Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. , Maxim Group, LLC and Joseph Gunnar Co. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 02/12/2021 

10.17 
 
 Form
 of Exchange Agreement 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.24 
 
 02/24/2020 

10.18 
 
 Form
 of Lock-Up Agreement 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.25 
 
 02/24/2020 

10.19 
 
 Form
 of Warrant Agency Agreement including Form of Unit A Warrant 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.28 
 
 03/30/2020 

10.20 
 
 Form
 of B Warrant 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.29 
 
 03/30/2020 

10.21 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Equity Purchase Agreement, dated May 21, 2021, by and among Esports Entertainment Group, Inc., Helix Holdings, LLC and the equity holders of Helix Holdings, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 05/26/2021 

10.22 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Equity Purchase Agreement, dated May 21, 2021, by and among Esports Entertainment Group, Inc., ggCIRCUIT LLC and the equity holders of ggCIRCUIT LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 05/26/2021 

10.23 
 
 Share Sale and Purchase Agreement, dated May 25, 2021, between the Company and Gameday Group Plc 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 05/28/2021 

10.24 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 06/01/2021 

10.25 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 06/01/2021 

10.26 
 
 Form of Warrant 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 06/01/2021 

10.27 
 
 Form of Subsidiary Guarantee 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 06/01/2021 

10.28 
 
 Indemnification Escrow Agreement, dated June 1, 2021, by and among Esports Entertainment Group, Inc., Helix Holdings, LLC, the equity holders of Helix Holdings, LLC and Lucosky Brookman LLP 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 06/07/2021 

10.29 
 
 Assignment of Membership Interest, dated June 1, 2021, by and between Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and the equity holders of Helix Holdings, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 06/07/2021 

10.30 
 
 Form of Helix Employment Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 06/07/2021 

10.31 
 
 Form of Helix and GGC Non-Compete, Non-Solicitation and Non-Disclosure Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 06/07/2021 

10.32 
 
 Indemnification Escrow Agreement, dated June 1, 2021, by and among Esports Entertainment Group, Inc., ggCIRCUIT LLC, the equity holders of ggCIRCUIT, LLC and Lucosky Brookman LLP 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.5 
 
 06/07/2021 

10.33 
 
 Assignment of Membership Interest, dated June 1, 2021, by and between Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and the equity holders of ggCIRCUIT LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.6 
 
 06/07/2021 

10.34 
 
 October
 2022 Waiver 
 
 10-K 
 
 10.34 
 
 10/13/2022 

10.35 
 
 Form of Amendment Agreement, dated July 13, 2021, between the Company and Gameday Group Plc. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 07/15/2021 

10.36 
 
 Form of Pledge of Shares Agreement, dated July 13, 2021, between Esports Entertainment Group, Inc., Gameday Group Plc., and Prozone Limited. 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 07/15/2021 

10.37 
 
 Form of Side Letter dated July 13, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 07/15/2021 

10.38 
 
 Director Agreement by and between the Company and Mr. Nielsen dated October 21, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 10/22/2021 

10.39 
 
 Form
 Director Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 05/04/2022 

10.40 
 
 Form
 Director Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 05/19/2022 

10.41 
 
 Asset
 Purchase Agreement, dated June 10, 2022, by and between Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and SCV CAPITAL, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 06/16/2022 

10.42 
 
 Assignment
 and Assumption Agreement, dated June 10, 2022, by and between Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and SCV CAPITAL, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 06/16/2022 

10.43 
 
 Trademark
 License Agreement, dated June 10, 2022, by and between Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and SCV CAPITAL, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 06/16/2022 

10.44 
 
 Employment Agreement, and addendums thereto, dated December 17, 2018, by and between Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and Jennifer Pace 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 08/31/2022 

10.45 
 
 Director Agreement, dated August 25, 2022, by and between Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and John Brackens 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 08/31/2022 

10.46 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 21, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 12/27/2022 

10.47 
 
 Subscription and Investment Representation Agreement, dated December 20, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 12/27/2022 

10.48 
 
 Employment Agreement with Alex Igelman 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.44 
 
 01/13/2023 

10.49 
 
 Form of Letter of Consent between the Company and the Holder of the Senior Convertible Note 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 01/27/2023 

10.50 
 
 Share Purchase Agreement dated February 14, 2023 by and among Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and Gameday Group PLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 02/17/2023 

10.51 
 
 Amendment and Waiver Agreement dated February 16, 2023 by and among Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and Alto Opportunity Master Fund, SPC-Segregated Master Portfolio B 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 02/17/2023 

10.52 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 30, 2023, Series D Preferred Stock 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.4 
 
 05/22/2023 

10.53 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 22, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 05/26/2023 

10.54 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated May 28, 2023, by and between the Company and Damian Mathews 

X 
 
 10.55 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 29, 2023, by and between the Company and Michael Villani 

X 
 
 10.56 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2023, between Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and Maxim Group LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 1.1 
 
 09/18/2023 

10.57 
 
 Waiver dated September 15, 2023 by and among Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. and Alto Opportunity Master Fund, SPC-Segregated Master Portfolio B 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 09/18/2023 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. 

X 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent
 of Marcum LLP 

X 

83 

31.1 
 
 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)) 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)) 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audited consolidated financial statements of Helix as of and for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, together with the related notes to the financial statements. 
 
 8-K/A1 
 
 99.1 
 
 08/12/2021 

99.2 
 
 Audited consolidated financial statements of GGC as of and for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, together with the related notes to the financial statements. 
 
 8-K/A1 
 
 99.2 
 
 08/12/2021 

99.3 
 
 Unaudited consolidated financial statements of Helix as of and for the years ended March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2020 and for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2020 together with the related unaudited notes to the condensed financial statements. 
 
 8-K/A1 
 
 99.3 
 
 08/12/2021 

99.4 
 
 Unaudited consolidated financial statements of GGC as of and for the years ended March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2020 and for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2020 together with the related unaudited notes to the condensed financial statements. 
 
 8-K/A1 
 
 99.4 
 
 08/12/2021 

99.5 
 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements of Esports Entertainment group, Inc. as of March 31, 2022 and for the year ended June 30, 2020 and the nine months ended March 31, 2022. 
 
 8-K/A1 
 
 99.5 
 
 08/12/2021 

99.6 
 
 Audited financial statements of Bethard Group Limited as of and for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, together with the related notes to the financial statements. 
 
 8-K/A2 
 
 99.1 
 
 08/12/2021 

99.7 
 
 Unaudited condensed financial statements of Bethard Group Limited as of March 31, 2022 and December 31, 2020 and for the three months ended March 31, 2022 and 2020 together with the related unaudited notes to the condensed financial statements. 
 
 8-K/A2 
 
 99.2 
 
 08/12/2021 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

X 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

X 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Management
 contracts or compensation plans or arrangements in which directors or executive officers are/were eligible to participate. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

84 

ESPORTS
ENTERTAINMENT GROUP, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F-1
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-9 

85 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 Esports
Entertainment Group, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. (the Company as of June
30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in mezzanine equity and stockholders 
equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Explanatory
Paragraph Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more
fully described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s significant accumulated deficit as of June 30,
2023, and recurring losses from operations and negative cash flows from operating activities raise substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 1 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a
matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Impairment
assessments of goodwill and long-lived assets 

Description
of the Matter 

As
described in Notes 2 and 7 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company reviews goodwill on an annual basis for impairment,
or when events and circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. Additionally, the Company reviews long-lived assets, such
as property and equipment, intangible assets subject to amortization, and right-of-use assets on operating leases for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. The Company s
evaluation of goodwill for impairment involves the comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, and impairment
is recognized in the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value. Recoverability of long-lived assets to be held and used
is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to the future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the
assets. If these assets are determined to be impaired, the amount of impairment recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount
of the assets exceeds their fair value. Fair value amounts are estimated by management using discounted cash flow models. Management s
cash flow models included significant judgements and assumptions relating to future cash flows, growth rates and discount rates. The
Company s consolidated goodwill and long-lived assets balances were approximately 4.5 million and 13.3 million respectively at
June 30, 2023. Based on the results of the impairment assessment, management recorded impairment of the Company s goodwill of approximately 16.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

The
principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the impairment assessments of goodwill and long-lived
assets is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgement required by management when developing the fair values of the reporting
units; and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgement, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures to evaluate management s
significant assumptions, including future cash flows, growth rates and discount rates. 

How
We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence, in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated
financial statements. These procedures included evaluating the design effectiveness of controls relating to management s goodwill
and long-lived asset impairment assessments, including controls over the determination of the fair values of the reporting units or assets,
and future undiscounted cash flows used to determine if long-lived assets are recoverable. These procedures also included, among others,
(i) testing management s process for developing the fair value estimates of the reporting units or assets; (ii) evaluating the
appropriateness of the underlying discounted and undiscounted cash flow models; (iii) testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying
data used in the models; and (iv) evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management, including the future
cash flows, growth rates and discount rates. Evaluating management s significant assumptions
related to future cash flows, growth rates and the discount rates involved, with the assistance of valuation specialists employed by
us, evaluating whether the assumptions used by management were reasonable considering (i) the historical performance of the reporting
units; (ii) the consistency with external market data and industry forecasts; and (iii) sensitivities over significant inputs and assumptions. 

/s/

Marcum
LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 (such date takes into account the acquisition of certain assets of Friedman LLP
by Marcum LLP effective September 1, 2022.) 

October 13, 2023 

F- 2 

Esports
Entertainment Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

June
 30, 2023 
 June
 30, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current
 assets 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Receivables reserved for users 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses and
 other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

Equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other non-current assets 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current
 liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Liabilities to customers 

Deferred revenue 

Senior convertible note 
 - 

Derivative liability 
 - 

Current portion of notes payable and other
 long-term debt 
 - 

Operating lease liability current 

Contingent consideration 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liability 

Deferred income taxes 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liability
 non-current 
 - 

Total
 liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies
 (Note 13) 
 - 
 - 

Mezzanine
 equity: 

10 Series A cumulative redeemable convertible
 preferred stock, 
 par value, 
 authorized, 
 shares issued and outstanding, aggregate liquidation preference 
 at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 

Series B redeemable preferred stock, par value, authorized,
 shares issued and outstanding, June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 - 
 - 
 
 Redeemable preferred stock 
 - 
 - 

Total Mezzanine equity 

Stockholders 
 equity (deficit) 

Preferred stock par value; shares authorized 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, 
 par value; 
 shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, 
 par value, shares authorized, 
 shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2022 
 
 - 
 
 Preferred stock value 

Common stock par value, shares authorized, 
 and shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive
 loss 

Total
 stockholders equity (deficit) 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE EQUITY AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Esports
Entertainment Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

2023 

2022 

Year
 Ended June 30, 

2023 

2022 

Net revenue 

Operating costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenue 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Loss on disposal of businesses, net 

- 

Asset impairment charges 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

() 

() 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

() 

() 
 
 Gain on termination of lease 

- 

Loss on conversion of senior convertible note 

- 

() 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of senior convertible
 note 

() 

() 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability
 on senior convertible note 

() 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

() 

Other non-operating
 income (loss), net 

() 

() 
 
 Total other income (expense), net 

() 

Loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

Income tax (expense) benefit 

() 

Net
 loss 

() 

() 

Dividend on 10 Series A cumulative redeemable
 convertible preferred stock 

() 

() 
 
 Accretion of 10 Series A cumulative redeemable convertible preferred stock to redemption value 

() 

() 
 
 Dividend on Series C convertible preferred stock 

() 

- 

Dividend on Series D convertible preferred stock 

() 

- 

Net
 loss attributable to common stockholders 

() 

() 

Net loss per common share 

() 

() 
 
 Weighted average number
 of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Esports
Entertainment Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

2023 

2022 

Year
 Ended June 30, 

2023 

2022 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Other comprehensive
 (income) loss: 

Reclassification of accumulated foreign currency
 translation net losses to net loss as a result of the disposal of businesses 

() 

- 

Foreign currency translation
 (gain) loss 

() 

Total other comprehensive (income) loss 

() 

Total comprehensive
 loss 

() 

() 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Esports
Entertainment Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares- 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

capital 

Deficit 

loss 

(Deficit) 

10 
 Series A Cumulative Redeemable 

Series
 B 

Series
 D 

Accumulated 

Total 

Convertible 
 Preferred
 Stock 

Redeemable 
 Preferred
 Stock 

Series
 C 
 Preferred
 Stock 

Preferred
 Stock 
 Amount 

Common
 Stock 

Additional
 paid-in 

Accumulated 

other
 comprehensive 

Stockholders 
 Equity 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares- 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

capital 

Deficit 

loss 

(Deficit) 

Balance
 as at July 1, 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Proceeds
 from issuance of 10 Series A cumulative redeemable convertible preferred stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Accretion
 of redemption value and issuance costs 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 
 
 10 
 Series A cumulative redeemable convertible preferred stock cash dividend 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Common
 stock and warrants issued in equity financing, net of issuance costs 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Conversion
 of senior convertible note 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance
 of common stock under the ATM, net of issuance costs 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common
 stock issued upon the exercise of stock options 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common
 stock issued for services 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock
 based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Foreign
 exchange translation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 
 
 Net
 loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 
 
 Balance
 as at June 30, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Balance 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

Accretion
 of redemption value and issuance costs 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 
 
 10 
 Series A cumulative redeemable convertible preferred stock cash dividend 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

() 
 
 Proceeds
 from issuance of Series B redeemable preferred stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Redemption
 of the Series B redeemable preferred stock 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common
 stock and warrants issued in equity financing, net of issuance costs 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common
 stock issued on exercise of Pre-funded warrants 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Conversion
 of senior convertible note 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Conversion
 of the senior convertible note to Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Proceeds
 from issuance of Convertible preferred stock and warrants 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Preferred
 Stock Dividend 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Conversions
 of the Convertible preferred stock 

- 

() 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Common stocker issued to settle payables 
 
 - 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Foreign
 exchange translation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Net
 loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 
 
 Balance
 as at June 30, 2023 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Balance 

- 

- 

() 

() 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Esports
Entertainment Group, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2023 

2022 

For
 the Years Ended June 30, 

2023 

2022 

Cash flows
 from operating activities: 

Net
 loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Amortization
 and depreciation 

Asset
 impairment charges 

Right-of-use
 asset amortization 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Deferred
 income taxes 

- 

() 
 
 Loss on
 conversion of senior convertible note 

- 

Loss on
 extinguishment of senior convertible note 

Amortization
 of debt discount and premium 

- 

Change
 in fair value of warrant liability 

() 

() 
 
 Change
 in fair value of contingent consideration 

() 
 
 Change
 in the fair value of derivative liability 

() 

Loss on sale of business, net 

- 

Gain on sales of business 

- 

() 
 
 Gain on
 termination of lease 

() 

- 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts
 receivable 

() 
 
 Receivables
 reserved for users 

() 
 
 Other
 receivables 

() 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Other
 non-current assets 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Liabilities
 to customers 

() 

Deferred
 revenue 

Operating
 lease liability 

() 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows
 from investing activities: 

Cash consideration
 paid for Bethard acquisition, net of cash acquired 

- 

() 
 
 Proceeds
 from the sale of Bethard Business 

- 

Proceeds
 from the sale of Spanish Operations 

- 

Proceeds
 from sale of assets 

- 

Purchase
 of intangible assets 

- 

() 
 
 Purchases
 of equipment 

() 

() 
 
 Net
 cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 
 
 Cash flows
 from financing activities: 

Proceeds
 from equity and common warrant financing, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds
 from exercise of pre-funded warrants 

Proceeds
 from issuance of Series D convertible preferred stock, preferred warrants and common warrants, net of issuance costs 

- 

Proceeds
 from issuance of Series B redeemable preferred stock 

- 

Redemption
 of Series B redeemable preferred stock 

() 

- 

Proceeds
 from issuance of 10 Series A cumulative redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of issuance costs 

- 

Payment
 of dividends on 10 Series A cumulative redeemable convertible preferred stock 

() 

() 
 
 Repayment
 of senior convertible note 

() 

- 

Issuance
 of common stock under the ATM, net of issuance costs 

- 

Payment
 of Bethard contingent consideration 

- 

() 
 
 Proceeds
 from exercise of stock options and warrants, net of issuance costs 

- 

Repayment
 of notes payable and finance leases 

() 

() 
 
 Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Effect
 of exchange rate on changes in cash and restricted cash 

() 
 
 Net decrease in
 cash and restricted cash 

() 

() 
 
 Cash
 and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash
 and restricted cash, end of year 

F- 7 

A
reconciliation of cash and restricted cash to the consolidated balance sheets follows: 

June
 30, 2023 

June
 30, 2022 

Cash 

Restricted
 cash 

Cash
 and restricted cash 

June
 30, 2021 

Cash 

Restricted
 cash 

Cash
 and restricted cash 

2023 

2022 

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

CASH PAID FOR: 

June
 30, 2023 

June
 30, 2022 

Interest 

Income taxes 

- 

() 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF
 NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Fair value of contingent consideration
 payable in cash and common stock for Bethard acquisition 

- 

Increase in Senior Convertible
 Note from conversion of accounts payable and accrued interest 

- 

Conversion of senior convertible
 notes to common stock 

Conversion of principal on
 senior convertible note to Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 

- 

Conversion of Series C Convertible
 Preferred Stock to common stock 

- 

Common stock issued to settle payables 

- 

Accretion of 10 Series A
 cumulative redeemable convertible preferred stock 

Right-of-use asset obtained
 in exchange for operating lease obligation 

- 

Finance lease asset obtained
 in exchange for financing lease obligation 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

Esports
Entertainment Group, Inc. 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

of the Company s issued and outstanding
common stock (the Reverse Stock Split ). All references to shares of the Company s common stock in the consolidated
financial statements and related notes refer to the number of shares of common stock after giving effect to the Reverse Stock Split and
are presented as if the Reverse Stock Split had occurred at the beginning of the earliest period presented. 

as of June 30, 2023 and that it has had a history of recurring
losses from operations and recurring negative cash flows from operations as it has prepared to grow its esports business through acquisition
and new venture opportunities. At June 30, 2023, the Company had total current assets of and total current liabilities of
 . Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended June 30, 2023 was , which includes a net loss of . 

The
Company also considered its current liquidity as well as future market and economic conditions that may be deemed outside the control
of the Company as it relates to obtaining financing and generating future profits. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had of
available cash on-hand and net current liabilities of . 

In
determining whether the Company can overcome the presumption of substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern,
the Company may consider the effects of any mitigating plans for additional sources of financing. The Company identified additional
financing sources it believes, depending on market conditions, may be available to fund its operations and drive future growth,
which include (i) up to 
of gross proceeds from the Equity Distribution Agreement, through an at the market ATM equity offering
program whereby, per the October 2023 Settlement Agreement, the Company will 
of the net proceeds from ATM Sales (after deducting the agent s commissions pursuant to the at the market 
offering and other customary offering expenses) and the remaining 
of the net proceeds from ATM Sales be used by the Company to redeem first, the outstanding shares of Series D Convertible Preferred
Stock and second, the outstanding shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, unless the Holder elects to change such
allocations (discussed further below); (ii) the potential expected proceeds from future offerings, where the amount of the offering
has not yet been determined; and (iii) the ability to raise additional financing from other sources. The Company has been able to
raise additional funds through the markets and direct offerings and has recently completed the following transactions that have
added to cash flow and include additional potential sources of funding, including, (1) on May 22, 2023 the Company closed the
issuance of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, that includes the issuance of (i) 
shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock for a price of 
per share, (ii) Common Warrants to purchase 
shares of our common stock at a price of 
per share, and (iii) preferred warrants to purchase 
shares of our Series D Preferred Stock at a price of 
per share, for a total gross proceeds to the Company of 
before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of ,
for net proceeds of ,
with the preferred warrants to purchase the Series D Preferred Stock as a potential source of additional funds; (2) on August 15,
2023, the Company closed a securities purchase agreement with the holder of the Company s outstanding Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the Holder (the August RD SPA ). The August
RD SPA relates to the offering of (i) 
shares of our common stock (the Common Stock ), 
par value per share, for a price of 
per share, directly to the Holder and (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase 
shares of our Common Stock at a price of 
per warrant, directly to such Holder (the August RD Pre-funded Warrants ), with all but 
per warrant prepaid to the Company at the closing of the offering. The August RD Pre-funded Warrants were exercisable immediately
upon issuance and were entirely exercised at an exercise price of 
per share of Common Stock on August 17, 2023. The gross proceeds from the issuance and sale of the shares of Common Stock and August
RD Pre-funded Warrants, was approximately ,
before deducting the estimated offering expenses payable of ,
for net proceeds of ;
and (3) on September 15, 2023, the Company entered into the Equity Distribution Agreement under which the Company may offer and
sell, from time to time at its sole discretion, shares of the Company s common stock, par value 
per share, with aggregate gross sales proceeds of up to through
an ATM as discussed above. 

These
above plans are likely to require the Company to place reliance on several factors, including favorable market conditions, to access
additional capital in the future. These plans were therefore determined not to be sufficient to overcome the presumption of substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not reflect any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

The
amount of available cash on hand on October 12, 2023, one business day preceding this filing, was approximately . 

per share for the previous thirty consecutive business days (the Bid Price Rule ). 

On
June 7, 2022, the Company received a further letter from Nasdaq notifying the Company that for the last 30 consecutive business days,
the Company s minimum Market Value of Listed Securities MVLS was below the minimum of required for
continued listing on Nasdaq pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(2) (the MVLS Rule ). 

On
October 11, 2022, the Company received a third letter from Nasdaq notifying the Company that the Company s common stock will be
delisted, and the Company s Common Stock warrants traded under the symbols GMBLW and GMBLZ and the Company s 
Series A cumulative redeemable convertible preferred stock traded under symbol GMBLP will no longer qualify for listing, and in that
regard trading of the Company s common stock, Common Stock warrants and 
Series A cumulative redeemable convertible preferred stock will be suspended. The Company requested an appeal with the Panel (the Panel and the hearing was held on November 17, 2022. 

On
November 30, 2022, the Company received a determination from the Panel granting the Company s request for the continued listing
of its common stock on the Capital Market tier of Nasdaq, subject to the Company evidencing compliance with the Bid Price Rule, and the
minimum of stockholders equity requirement (the Equity Rule ), as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rules 5550(a)(2)
and 5550(b)(1), respectively, on or before February 7, 2023 (which, as described below, was subsequently extended on February 8, 2023)
and March 31, 2023, respectively, and adhering to certain other conditions and requirements described below. 

On
December 6, 2022, the Company received a fourth letter from Nasdaq notifying the Company that it has not regained compliance with the
MVLS Rule. This was addressed in the November 17, 2022, hearing before the Panel where the Company presented on its plan to comply with
the MVLS Rule or alternative criteria and was granted continued listing subject to the criteria noted above. 

On
February 8, 2023 the Company received notice from the Panel updating its remaining conditions as follows: 

1. 
 On
 February 20, 2023, the Company shall provide a written update to the Panel regarding the progress of its debt-to-equity conversion
 plan and its impact on the Company s equity; 

2. 
 On
 March 7, 2023, the Company shall have demonstrated compliance with the Bid Price Rule, by evidencing a closing bid price of 
 or more per share for a minimum of ten consecutive trading sessions; and 

3. 
 On
 March 31, 2023, the Company shall demonstrate compliance with the Equity Rule. 

The
Company provided an update on its progress to the Panel on February 20, 2023. 

On
March 9, 2023, the Company received a letter from the Panel indicating that the Company has regained compliance with the Bid Price Rule. 

On
March 30, 2023, the Company submitted a written submission requesting an extension on the requirement to demonstrate compliance with
the Equity Rule and on April 6, 2023, the Panel granted an extension through April 30, 2023. 

On
May 1, 2023, the Company announced it met the minimum Equity Rule. 

On
June 13, 2023, the Company received a notice from the Panel providing that the Company demonstrated compliance with the requirements
for continued listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, including the Equity Rule, as outlined in Listing Rule 5550(b)(1). 

On
September 6, 2023, the Company received a deficiency notification letter from the Staff indicating that the Company was not in compliance
with Bid Price Rule. 

The
Company has 180 calendar days from the date of such notice, or until March 4, 2024, to regain compliance with the Bid Price Rule. To
regain compliance, the bid price for the Company s common stock must close at 1.00 per share or more for a minimum of 10 consecutive
business days. 

The
Company remains subject to a Panel Monitor, as defined by Nasdaq Listing Rule 5815(d)(4)(A), through June 13, 2024. In
the event the Company fails to satisfy a continued listing requirement during the Panel Monitor, the Company will not be provided with
the opportunity to present a compliance plan to the Staff and the Staff will not be permitted to grant additional time for the Company
to regain compliance with respect to that deficiency, nor will the Company be afforded an applicable cure or compliance period pursuant
to Rule 5810(c)(3), which process might otherwise be available under the Nasdaq Listing Rules, but would instead have an opportunity
to request a new hearing with the Panel. The Company s securities may be at that time delisted from Nasdaq. 

Any
failure to maintain compliance with the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq could result in delisting of our common stock from Nasdaq
and negatively impact our company and holders of our common stock, including by reducing the willingness of investors to hold our common
stock because of the resulting decreased price, liquidity and trading of our common stock, limited availability of price quotations and
reduced news and analyst coverage. Delisting may adversely impact the perception of our financial condition, cause reputational harm
with investors, our employees and parties conducting business with us and limit our access to debt and equity financing. 

per financial institution. There have been no losses recognized on cash balances held
at these financial institutions. 

Furniture
 and fixtures 
 Up
 to 
 
 Leasehold
 improvements 
 Shorter
 of the remaining lease term or estimated life of the improvement 

The
estimated useful life and residual value of equipment are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, at the end of each reporting period.
The costs and accumulated depreciation of assets that are sold, retired, or otherwise disposed of are removed from the accounts and the
resulting gain or loss is recognized as a gain or loss on sale or disposition of assets in the consolidated statements of operations. 

In
testing goodwill for impairment, the Company has the option to begin with a qualitative assessment, commonly referred to as
 Step 0, to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit containing goodwill is
less than its carrying value. This qualitative assessment may include, but is not limited to, reviewing factors such as
macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, entity-specific financial performance and other events,
including changes in the Company s management, strategy and primary user base. If the Company determines that it is more
likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, the Company then performs a quantitative
goodwill impairment analysis by comparing the carrying amount to the fair value of the reporting unit. If it is determined that the
fair value is less than its carrying amount, the excess of the goodwill carrying amount over the implied fair value is recognized as
an impairment loss in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2017-04, Goodwill and Other (Topic
350): Simplifying the Accounting for Goodwill Impairment . The Company utilizes a discounted cash flow analysis, referred to as
an income approach, and uses internal and market multiples, to assess reasonableness of assumptions, to determine the estimated fair
value of the reporting units. For the income approach, significant judgments and assumptions including anticipated revenue growth
rates, discount rates, gross margins, operating expenses, working capital needs and capital expenditures are inherent in the fair
value estimates, which are based on the Company s operating and capital forecasts. As a result, actual results may differ from
the estimates utilized in the income approach. The use of alternate judgments and/or assumptions could result in a fair value that
differs from the Company s estimate and could result in the recognition of additional impairment charges in the consolidated
financial statements. As a test for reasonableness, the Company also considers the combined fair values of the Company s
reporting units to a reasonable market capitalization of the Company. The Company may elect not to perform the qualitative
assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a quantitative impairment test. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company s share price continued to decline and the Company performed an assessment of its operations.
As part of this the Company recognized goodwill asset impairment charges of to the goodwill of the GGC reporting unit, which
is in the EEG Games segment and asset impairment charges of to the goodwill of the iGaming Malta reporting unit, which was
part of the EEG iGaming segment, for a total of for the year ended June 30, 2023 (see Note 7 for additional information regarding
the goodwill impairment, and the effects on the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations). 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company s share price had a significant decline and the Company s ability to invest in
its businesses was impacted and the Company recognized goodwill asset impairment charges of to the goodwill of the GGC, EGL
and Helix reporting units, which were all part of the EEG Games segment and asset impairment charges of to the goodwill of
the iGaming Argyll (UK) reporting unit, which was part of the EEG iGaming segment, for a total of for the year ended June
30, 2022 (Note 7). 

Further
downturns in economic, regulatory and operating conditions could result in additional goodwill impairment in future periods. 

for player relationships
and developed technology and software, for tradenames and for gaming licenses. The Company also capitalizes internal-use
software costs such as external consulting fees, payroll and payroll-related costs and stock-based compensation for employees in the
Company s development and information technology groups who are directly associated with, and who devote time to, the Company s
internal-use software projects. Capitalization begins when the planning stage is complete and the Company commits resources to the software
project and continues during the application development stage. Capitalization ceases when the software has been tested and is ready
for its intended use. Costs incurred during the planning, training and post-implementation stages of the software development life cycle
are expensed as incurred. There were amounts capitalized during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

on its long-lived assets. This included
 for the impairment of the Argyll tradename, developed technology, gaming license and customer relationships from the EEG iGaming
segment, and for the impairment of the EGL tradename, developed technology and software, GGC and Helix tradenames and developed
technology from the EEG Games segment (see Note 7), for the total equipment, net impairment, including for the Argyll
computer equipment and furniture and equipment from the EEG iGaming segment, and for EGL computer equipment, Helix Game Centers
computer equipment, leasehold improvements and furniture and equipment from the EEG Games segment (see Note 6), and for the
impairment of operating lease right-of-use assets for the Helix building rentals from the EEG Games segment (see Note 11). This was recognized
in asset impairment charges in the consolidated statements of operations. 

The
classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is reassessed
at the end of each reporting period. Equity instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject to reclassification
are reclassified to a liability at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification date. Derivative instrument liabilities are
classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current to correspond with its host instrument. The Company records the fair value
of the remaining embedded derivative at each balance sheet date and records the change in the fair value of the remaining embedded derivative
as other income or expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Common stock warrants 

Common stock issuable upon
 conversion of senior convertible note 

- 

10 Series A cumulative redeemable
 convertible preferred stock 

Common stock issuable on conversion
 of Series C convertible preferred stock 

- 

Common stock issuable on conversion
 of Series D convertible preferred stock 

- 

Common stock issuable on conversion of Series D convertible preferred stock
issuable from exercise of preferred warrants issued in the Series D convertible preferred stock offering 

- 

Total 

Anti-dilutive
 securities 

The
table includes the number of shares of common stock potentially issuable upon a conversion of the Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock and Series D Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of common stock. The table also includes any shares of common stock that
would be issuable upon exercise and conversion of the preferred warrants issued in the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock
offering. 

and ,
respectively. Transaction gains and losses are reported within other non-operating income (loss), net, on the consolidated statements
of operations. 

and
 , respectively. 

EEG
iGaming Revenue 

EEG
iGaming revenue is derived from the placement of bets by end-users, also referred to as customers, through online gaming sites. The transaction
price in an iGaming contract, or Net Gaming Revenue NGR ), is the difference between gaming wins and losses, as further
reduced by any nondiscretionary incentives awarded to the customer. Gaming transactions involve four performance obligations, namely
the settlement of each individual bet, the honoring of discretionary incentives available to the customer through loyalty reward programs,
the award of free spin and deposit match bonuses, and the winning of a casino jackpot. The total amount wagered by a customer is commonly
referred to as the win or Gross Gaming Revenue GGR ). The GGR is allocated to each performance obligation using the relative
standalone selling price determined for iGaming contracts. 

Revenue
recognition for individual wagers is recognized when the gaming occurs, as such gaming activities are settled immediately. The revenue
allocated to incentives, such as loyalty points offered through a rewards program, is deferred and recognized as revenue when the loyalty
points are redeemed. Revenue allocated to free spins and deposit matches, referred to as bonuses, are recognized at the time that they
are wagered. Jackpots, other than the incremental progressive jackpots, are recognized at the time they are won by customers. The Company
applies a practical expedient by accounting for its performance obligations on a portfolio basis as iGaming contracts have similar characteristics.
The Company expects the application of the revenue recognition guidance to a portfolio of iGaming contracts will not materially differ
from the application of the revenue recognition guidance on an individual contract basis. 

The
Company evaluates bets that its users place on websites owned by third party brands in order to determine whether it may recognize revenue
on a gross basis, when acting as the principal provider of the wagering service, or on a net basis, when acting as an intermediary or
agent. The principal in a wagering service involving a third party is generally the entity that controls the wagering service such that
it has a right to the services being performed by the third party and can direct the third party in delivery of the service to its users.
The Company records revenue on a gross basis as it has determined it is the principal in transactions involving third parties, such as
revenue sharing arrangements, as it controls the wagering service being offered to the users such that it has a right to the service
performed by third parties and can further direct third parties in providing services to users. The Company further records expenses
related to its revenue sharing arrangements and other third-party iGaming expenses within costs of revenue in the consolidated statements
of operations. 

EEG
Games Revenue 

EEG
Games Esports and Other Revenue 

The
Company derives revenue from sales of subscriptions to access cloud-based software used by independent operators of game centers, as
well as from consulting services provided to game operators. The revenue derived from the sale of subscription services to cloud-based
software used by game centers is recognized over the term of the contract, using the input method of time lapsed to measure the progress
toward satisfying the performance obligation, which generally can range from one month to three years in duration, beginning on the date
the customer is provided access to the Company s hosted software platform. Maintenance services are
recognized over time, using the input method as services are performed. 

The
Company previously derived revenue from its operation of game centers and revenue was recognized when a customer purchased time to
use the esports gaming equipment at each center. The revenue from time purchased by a customer and from the sale of concessions was
recognized at the point of sale. The Company disposed of this revenue stream through the sale of Helix on June 10, 2022. 

The
Company further provides hardware and equipment sales and consultation services related to the use of hardware and equipment for
gaming operations together with implementation services that include sourcing, training, planning, and installation of technology.
The Company considers services related to hardware and equipment and implementation, as separate performance obligations. Revenue
for hardware and equipment sales and implementation are recognized at a point in time upon satisfaction of the performance
obligation when the customer obtains control. 

Contracts
that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation of the transaction price to each distinct performance obligation
based on a relative standalone selling price basis unless the transaction price is variable and meets the criteria to be allocated
entirely to a performance obligation or to a distinct good or service that forms part of a single performance obligation. The
Company determines standalone selling price based on the price at which the performance obligation is sold separately. If the
standalone selling price is not observable through past transactions, the Company estimates the standalone selling price taking into
account the Company s overall pricing objectives, considering market conditions and other factors, including the value of the
deliverables in the contracts, customer demographics, geographic locations, and the number and types of users within the contracts. The
Company does not have any significant financing components or significant payment terms in its contracts. 

EEG
Games Esports Event Management and Team Service Revenue 

The
Company derived revenue from esports event management and team services prior to the sale of EGL on June 30, 2023. Esports event management
services supported the creation, production and delivery of an esports event by providing event staffing, gaming consoles, and other
technical goods and services for a customer event that is either hosted live in person or online. The revenue generated from esports
event management services was generally earned on a fixed fee basis per event. 

The
esports team services offerings of the Company included recruitment and management services offered to sports clubs to facilitate their
entrance into esports tournament competition. Team services provided to a customer may include player recruitment, administration of
player contracts, processing of tournament admission, providing logistical arrangements, as well as providing ongoing support to the
team during the event. Team services are earned on a fixed fee basis per tournament. 

Esports
event management and team services revenues were recognized over the term of the event or the relevant contractual term for services
as this method best depicts the transfer of control to the customer. The Company recognized revenue for event management services based
on the number of days completed for the event relative to the total days of the event. Revenue from team management services was recognized
from inception of the contract through the end of the tournament using the number of days completed relative to the total number of days
in the contract term. Revenue collected in advance of the event management or team services was recorded as deferred revenue on the consolidated
balance sheets. The Company also could enter into profit sharing arrangements which were determined based on the net revenue earned by
the customer for an event in addition to a fixed fee. Revenue recognition for profit sharing arrangements was recognized at the time
the revenue from the event is determined, which is generally at the conclusion of the event. An event or team services contact may further
have required the Company to distribute payments to event or tournament attendees resulting in the recognition of a processing fee by
the Company. The Company did not recognize revenue from the processing of payments until the conclusion of the event or tournament. 

The
Company evaluated the service being provided under an esports event and team services contract to determine whether it should recognize
revenue on a gross basis as the principal provider of the service, or on a net basis in a manner similar to that of an agent. The Company
has determined that for esports event and team services contracts that allow for the assignment of individual tasks to a third-party
contractor, the Company acted as the principal provider of the service being offered to the customer as it remains primarily responsible
for fulfilling the contractual promise to the customer. In profit sharing arrangements, such as events that allow for the Company to
share in the revenue earned by a customer for an event, the Company had determined it acts in the role of an agent to the customer as
the event creator. The Company also determined it acted as an agent when it collected a processing fee for performing the service of
distributing prize money on behalf of its customers to event or tournament winners. 

Liabilities to customers 

The Company
records liabilities to customers, also referred to as player liabilities, for the amounts that may be withdrawn by a player at a given
time. The player liabilities include player deposits, bonuses or incentive awards and user winnings less withdrawals, tax withholdings
and player losses. The Company maintains a restricted cash balance and player deposits held by third parties, recorded as receivables
reserved for users on the consolidated balance sheets, at levels equal to or exceeding its liabilities to customers. 

Contract
Liabilities 

 Certain
player liabilities include amounts consisting of a free spin bonus and a deposit match bonus, and the player reward liabilities. The free spin
bonus provides the user the opportunity to a free play, or otherwise spin, on an iGaming casino slot machine without withdrawing a
bet amount from the player s account. The deposit match bonus matches a player s deposit up to a certain specified
percentage or amount. These bonuses represent consideration payable to a customer and therefore are treated as a reduction of the
transaction price in determining NGR. The Company also offers non-discretionary loyalty rewards points to customers that can be
redeemed for free play or cash. The Company allocates revenue from wagers to loyalty points rewards earned by users, thereby
deferring a portion of revenue from users that participate in a loyalty reward program. The amount of revenue deferred related to
loyalty points available to users is based on the estimated fair value of the loyalty point incentive available to the
user. 

The
Company records deferred revenue for payments received in advance of performance obligations being completed related to its sale of subscription services to cloud-based software used by customers, including maintenance and for hardware and equipment. 

In
October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities
from Contracts with Customers , which requires an acquirer in a business combination to recognize and measure contract assets and
contract liabilities in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2022 and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of this guidance
will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

In
June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to
Contractual Sale Restrictions ASU 2022-03 ), which clarifies the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification Topic
820, Fair Value Measurement Topic 820 ), when measuring the fair value of an equity security subject to contractual restrictions
that prohibit the sale of an equity security and introduces new disclosure requirements for equity securities subject to contractual
sale restrictions that are measured at fair value in accordance with Topic 820. ASU 2022-03 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating
the impact that the adoption of this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

From
time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the FASB or other standard setting bodies that the Company adopts as of the
specified effective date. The Company does not believe that the impact of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will have
a material impact on the Company s financial position or results of operations upon adoption. 

comprised
of cash received on the Closing date of using exchange rates in effect on the Closing Date), holdback consideration,
of using exchange rates in effect on the Closing Date) and the Company s settlement of its contingent consideration
liability of using exchange rates in effect on the Closing Date) that had originated from its acquisition
of the Bethard Business on July 13, 2021. The Purchaser further assumed net working capital of the Bethard Business consisting primarily
of accounts payable and accrued liabilities estimated to be using exchange rates at the Closing Date). The
Company recognized a loss on disposal of the Bethard Business of . 

On
February 16, 2023, the Company entered into an Amendment and Waiver Agreement Amendment with the holder of the Senior
Convertible Note (the Holder as a condition to the closing of the sale of the Bethard Business. The Amendment required
the Company to deposit of the proceeds from the Sale of the Bethard Business in a bank account in favor of the Holder. The Amendment
required the Company to deposit of the proceeds of any permitted future sale of assets or any subsequent debt or equity offer or
sale (a Securities Transaction and 100 of the proceeds of any additional indebtedness incurred in the future, into such
bank account in favor of the Holder, or, at the option of the Holder, redeem amounts under the Senior Convertible Note using such proceeds.
 of the proceeds received from the Sale of the Bethard Business, were deposited into a bank account in favor of the Holder. 

The
Amendment also modified the Senior Convertible Note to increase the principal balance by , for fees of and converted
accrued liabilities of . The Amendment further provided for a voluntary reduction in the Conversion Price (as defined in the
Senior Convertible Note) when, among other things, the Company issues or is deemed to issue common stock in a future registered offering
at a price below the Conversion Price then in effect, to the lower issuance price in such offering, subject to certain exceptions. The
Amendment also provided rights to the Holder to participate in future Securities Transactions for a period of two years from the later
of the date of the Amendment and the date that no payment amounts due to the Holder remain outstanding. 

During October 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to the Bethard SPA where it agreed to pay 
(equivalent to using exchange rates at February 24, 2023 the date of disposal of the Bethard Business) through installments
equal to of net gaming revenue until the Company has paid the balance or the Company spends in marketing costs (equivalent
to using exchange rates at February 24, 2023 the date of disposal of the Bethard Business). On February 24, 2023, the contingent
liability was settled as part of the disposal of the Bethard Business. As of June 30, 2022 the Company has estimated the present value
of the amount owed to be . During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company recognized a loss of , and during the
year ended June 30, 2022, the Company recognized a gain of , respectively, in the change in fair value of contingent consideration
in the consolidated statement of operations. 

Sale
of Spanish iGaming Operations 

On
January 18, 2023, the Company sold its Spanish iGaming operations, including its Spanish iGaming license. The Company received
approximately 
in proceeds and 
in cash from the return of a deposit held with the Spanish regulator. Sixty-five percent of the proceeds and cash received
were remitted to the Holder as required by the waiver obtained for the sale. The Company recognized a gain on disposal of the Spanish iGaming operations of . 

Closure
of Argyll and vie.gg 

On
November 10, 2022, the Company determined that it would close down its licensed remote gambling operation in the UK market. On
November 15, 2022, as part of the winding down of the Argyll UK iGaming operations, players were informed that they would no longer
be able to place bets from November 30, 2022 and that they could withdraw their balances through December 7, 2022. On December 8,
2022 Argyll UK surrendered its UK license and the surrender was confirmed by the UK Gambling Commission (the UKGC on
December 9, 2022. Between December 7, 2022 and December 14, 2022 Argyll UK attempted to refund customer accounts that still had
remaining balances. On March 3, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors (the Board determined that the
Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Argyll Entertainment, the Company s Swiss entity that is part of Argyll UK, would be
liquidated. The Swiss courts declared Argyll Entertainment bankrupt on March 27, 2023, at which point the Company lost control of
Argyll Entertainment and, as a result, deconsolidated the entity. The Company further liquidated and deconsolidated wholly-owned
subsidiary, Argyll Productions, on June 9, 2023. The Company had previously fully impaired the goodwill, intangible assets and other
long-lived assets of Argyll UK in the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. The Company recognized a gain on disposal of for
Argyll Entertainment and for Argyll Productions, in loss on disposal of businesses in the consolidated statement of
operations. 

Since the acquisition and through disposal of the Argyll businesses, the Company has responded to periodic requests
for information from the UKGC in relation to information required to maintain its UK license following the change of corporate control.
There were no adverse judgments imposed by the UKGC against the Company. 

On
October 28, 2022, the Company determined that it would close down its vie.gg New Jersey operations and exit its transactional waiver
from the New Jersey Division of Gaming Enforcement. The exit of the transactional waiver is complete and this did not have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Exit
of EGL business 

On
June 30, 2023, the Company sold its EGL business, a provider of online tournaments (through the EGL tournament platform) to a member
of the EGL management team for .
The exit of EGL did not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. The Company recognized a gain on disposal of for EGL, in loss on disposal of businesses in the consolidated
statement of operations.. 

Bethard
Acquisition 

On
July 13, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of the business-to-consumer operations of Bethard Group Limited,
which provides sportsbook, casino, live casino and fantasy sport betting services with gaming licenses to customers in Sweden, Spain,
Malta and Ireland, from Gameday Group Plc, a limited liability company incorporated in Malta (the
 Seller ). The acquisition of Bethard expanded the iGaming operations of the Company in Europe and provides the Company with
increased opportunity to cross-sell its esports offerings to a larger customer base. The acquisition of Bethard resulted in the Company
acquiring the outstanding share capital of Prozone Limited, a public liability company registered in Malta, that had previously received
the assets of Bethard in a pre-closing restructuring by the Seller. The initial payment of purchase consideration for Bethard included
cash paid at closing of (equivalent to using exchange rates in effect at the acquisition date), including
 (equivalent to using exchange rates in effect at the acquisition date) paid for a regulatory deposit with
the Spanish Gaming Authority. The cash purchase consideration of Bethard also included a second payment Second Payment of (approximately using exchange rates in effect at the acquisition date) that was paid by the Company on
November 16, 2021 (the Second Payment Due Date ), using the proceeds raised from the issuance of the Series A Cumulative
Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (see Note 15 for discussion of the Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock).
The total purchase consideration of Bethard also requires the Company to pay additional contingent cash consideration during the 24-month
period following the acquisition date equal to of net gaming revenue until the date of the Second Payment, with the percentage then
decreasing to of net gaming revenue for the remaining term ending July 2023. The total purchase consideration also provides for a
payment of up (equivalent to using exchange rates in effect at the acquisition date) of contingent share consideration
should a specific ambassador agreement be successfully assigned to the Bethard Business acquired by the Company following the acquisition
date. 

The
purchase consideration, including the fair value of the contingent cash consideration, is as follows: 

Second
 Payment 

Total cash consideration paid
 for Bethard 

Contingent
 cash consideration 

Total
 purchase price consideration 

.
The estimated contingent cash consideration of 
 was calculated using the applicable percentages applied to projected
net gaming revenue of the Bethard Business at the date of acquisition. In October 2022, the Company entered
into an amendment to the Bethard SPA that impacted the contingent consideration as discussed further in Note 13. The remaining contingent
liability was extinguished as part of the sale of Bethard. 

The
purchase consideration excludes contingent share consideration payable to the Seller as there is no indication such contingent share
contingent consideration will become payable from a successful assignment of the specified ambassador agreement. The Seller of the Bethard
Business had up to 6 months to assign the ambassador agreement to receive the contingent share consideration. After the 6 months, the
contingent share consideration was reduced by 
 (equivalent to 
 using exchange rates in effect at the acquisition date) for each
month the contract is not assigned to the Company through the 24-month anniversary. The ambassador agreement was never assigned to the
Company. 

The
purchase price and purchase price allocation of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is as follows: 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Other non-current assets 

Accrued liabilities 

() 
 
 Player liability 

() 
 
 Deferred
 income taxes 

() 
 
 Total 

Developed technology and software 

Gaming licenses 

Player
 relationships 

Total 

Qualitative
factors that contribute to the recognition of goodwill include certain intangible assets that are not being recognized as separate identifiable
intangible assets apart from goodwill. Intangible assets not recognized apart from goodwill consist primarily of benefits from securing
buyer-specific synergies that increase revenue and profits and are not otherwise available to a marketplace participant, as well as acquiring
a talented workforce and cost savings opportunities. The goodwill of Bethard is not deductible for tax purposes. Transaction related
expenses incurred for the acquisition of the Bethard Business total ,
including 
 incurred for the year ended June 30, 2022. Transaction related
expenses are recorded in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

As
noted above, on February 24, 2023, the Company completed the divestiture of Prozone Limited, containing the Bethard online casino and
sportsbook business back to Gameday Group Plc. 

Other 

Other
 receivables 

Prepaid insurance 

Prepaid gaming costs 

Other 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Furniture
 and equipment 

Equipment, at cost 

Accumulated
 depreciation and finance lease amortization 

() 

() 
 
 Equipment,
 net 

During
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded total depreciation expense and finance lease amortization of and
 , respectively. 

Accumulated
 goodwill impairment charges 

- 

- 

- 

Goodwill,
 net 

Goodwill acquired during the
 year 

- 

Effects of foreign currency
 exchange rates 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Impairment charges 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Balance as of June 30, 2022 

Goodwill,
 gross 

Goodwill,
 gross, beginning balance 

Accumulated
 goodwill impairment charges 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Accumulated
 goodwill impairment charges, beginning balance 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Goodwill,
 net 

Goodwill,
 net, beginning balance 

Goodwill
 disposed of during the year 

() 

- 

() 
 
 Effects
 of foreign currency exchange rates 

- 

Impairment
 charges 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Balance
 as of June 30, 2023 

Goodwill,
 gross 

Goodwill,
 gross, ending balance 

Accumulated
 goodwill impairment charges 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Accumulated
 goodwill impairment charges, ending balance 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Goodwill,
 net 

Goodwill,
 net, ending balance 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023 the Company recognized loss on disposal of businesses that included of goodwill for the Bethard
Business. 

Further,
during the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company concluded that impairment indicators existed considering that the EEG iGaming revenues
had declined significantly from levels seen in the previous year and in the previous quarters and EEG Games was not performing at the
level previously expected. This and uncertainties caused by inflation and certain world events were determined to be a triggering event
and the long-lived assets of the Company were quantitatively tested for impairment. 

The
Company performed its impairment tests on its long-lived assets, including its definite-lived intangible assets using an undiscounted
cash flow analysis to determine if the cash flows expected to be generated by the asset groups over the estimated remaining useful life
of the primary assets were sufficient to recover the carrying value of the asset groups, which were determined to be at the business
component level. Based on the circumstances described above as of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that all its asset groups
were recoverable under the undiscounted cash flow recoverability test. The Company performed a further impairment test at June 30, 2023
and that all its asset groups were recoverable under the undiscounted cash flow recoverability test. There were asset impairment charges
for long-lived assets, including definite-lived intangible assets, for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

In
accordance with ASC 350, for goodwill, the Company performed a goodwill impairment test, which compared the estimated fair value of
each reporting unit to its respective carrying values. The estimated fair value of each reporting unit was derived primarily by
utilizing a discounted cash flows analysis. The results of the impairment test performed as of December 31, 2022, indicated that the
carrying value of the iGaming and GGC reporting units exceeded their estimated fair values determined by the Company. At December
31, 2022, the Company recognized
goodwill impairments of 
for the iGaming Malta reporting unit of the EEG iGaming segment, and goodwill of 
for the GGC reporting unit, in the EEG Games segment, totaling 
in asset impairment charges in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company performed a further goodwill impairment test
at June 30, 2023 and did not identify any additional asset impairment charges. 

In
the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company had concluded, at that time, that goodwill impairment indicators existed based on the significant
volatility in the Company s stock price. The Company determined that in-person attendance at its Helix and customer game centers
is not expected to attain levels previously forecasted and that under the current liquidity and investment constraints it is less likely
to reach the previously forecasted revenue and profits for EGL and GGC. These factors and uncertainties caused by the pandemic, inflation
and certain world events, resulted in the Company evaluating its goodwill and long-lived assets, including intangible assets, for impairment.
The Company performed its impairment tests on its long-lived assets, including its definite-lived intangible assets using an undiscounted
cash flow analysis to determine if the cash flows expected to be generated by the asset groups over the estimated remaining useful life
of the primary assets were sufficient to recover the carrying value of the asset groups, which were determined to be at the business
component level. Based on the circumstances described above as of March 31, 2022, the Company determined its EGL, Helix, and GGC asset
groups failed the undiscounted cash flow recoverability test and as of June 30, 2022 the Argyll asset group failed the undiscounted cash
flow recoverability test. Accordingly, the Company estimated the fair value of its individual long-lived assets to determine if any asset
impairment charges were present. The Company s estimation of the fair value of the definite-lived intangible assets included the
use of discounted cash flow and cost analyses, reflecting estimates of future revenues, royalty rates, cash flows, discount rates, development
costs and obsolescence. Based on these analyses, the Company concluded the fair values of certain intangible assets were lower than their
current carrying values, and recognized impairment totaling and for the Argyll, EGL, GGC and Helix tradenames
and developed technology and software, respectively, for the Argyll and EGL player relationships, and for the Argyll
gaming licenses, totaling for the year ended June 30, 2022 in asset impairment charges in the consolidated statements of
operations. The table below reflects the adjusted gross carrying amounts for these intangible assets. 

In
accordance with ASC 350, for goodwill, after considering the asset impairment charges to the asset groups, the Company performed its
interim and annual goodwill impairment tests, which compared the estimated fair value of each reporting unit to its respective carrying
values. The estimated fair value of each reporting unit was derived primarily by utilizing a discounted cash flows analysis. The results
of the impairment tests performed indicated that the carrying value of the EGL, GGC and Helix reporting units exceeded their estimated
fair values determined by the Company. Based on the results of the goodwill impairment testing procedures, the Company recognized impairments
of goodwill of 
 for the EGL reporting unit, 
 for the GGC reporting unit, and 
 for the Helix reporting unit, for a total of 
 for the EEG Games segment, and 
 for the iGaming Argyll (UK) reporting unit of the EEG iGaming
segment, totaling 
 for the year ended June 30, 2022 in asset impairment charges in the consolidated
statements of operations. 

In
total, as described in detail above, the Company recorded of goodwill and intangible asset impairment charges for the year
ended June 30, 2022. 

The
assumptions used in the cost and undiscounted and discounted cash flow analyses require significant judgment, including judgment about
appropriate growth rates, and the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. The Company s forecasted cash flows were based
on the current assessment of the markets and were based on assumed growth rates expected as of the measurement date. The key assumptions
used in the cash flows were revenue growth rates, operating expenses and gross margins and the discount rates in the discounted cash
flows. The assumptions used consider the current early growth stage of the Company. The industry markets are currently at volatile levels
and future developments are difficult to predict. The Company believes that its procedures for estimating future cash flows for each
reporting unit, asset group and intangible asset are reasonable and consistent with current market conditions as of the testing date.
If the markets that impact the Company s business continue to deteriorate, the Company could recognize further goodwill and long-lived
asset impairment charges. 

The
table below reflects the adjusted gross carrying amounts for these intangible assets. The intangible amounts comprising the intangible
asset balance are as follows: 

() 

Developed technology and software 

() 

Gaming licenses 

() 

- 

Player relationships 

() 

Internal-use
 software 

() 

Total 

() 

June
 30, 2022 

Gross
 Carrying 
 Amount 

Accumulated 

 Amortization 

Net
 Carrying 
 Amount 

Tradename 

() 

Developed technology and software 

() 

Gaming licenses 

() 

Player relationships 

() 

Internal-use
 software 

() 

Total 

() 

Amortization
expense was and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The amortization for EEG iGaming segment
was and , EEG Games segment was and , for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Fiscal 2025 

Fiscal 2026 

Fiscal 2027 

Fiscal 2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

iGaming deposits with service
 providers 

- 

Rent deposit 

- 

Other 

Other
 non-current assets 

Accrued marketing 

Accrued payroll and benefits 

Accrued gaming liabilities 

Accrued professional fees 

Accrued jackpot liabilities 

Accrued
 other liabilities 

Total 

of Oddin.gg, a vendor of the Company, that was owed 
and 
by the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company incurred cost of revenue to Oddin.gg of 
and 
for years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. On October 3, 2023, the Company signed an agreement to integrate the Oddin.gg esports iFrame solution that will allow
the Company to offer esports wagering to its iGaming customers. The integration of the Oddin.gg s esports iFrame solution is expected
to be completed by the Company in the first half of fiscal 2024. The agreement requires the Company to pay Oddin.gg a revenue share
based on the net gaming revenues generated from esports wagering. 

The
Company reimbursed the former Chief Executive Officer for office rent and related expenses. The Company incurred charges owed to the
former Chief Executive Officer for office expense reimbursement of and 
for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, there were 
amounts payable to the former Chief Executive Officer. The former Chief Executive Officer was terminated for cause by the Board from
his position as Chief Executive Officer on December 3, 2022. The former Chief Executive Officer resigned from the Board on December
23, 2022. 

On
May 4, 2017, the Company entered into a services agreement and a referral agreement with Contact Advisory Services Ltd., an entity
that is partly owned by a member of the Board of Directors. The Company incurred general and administrative expenses of and
 for
years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, in accordance with these agreements. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, there
was approximately 
and 
amounts payable to Contact Advisory Services Ltd, respectively. 

The
Company had retained services from a former member of its Board who remained as an advisor to the Company with an annual fee of .
The member was previously retained through a consultancy agreement dated August 1, 2020 and an employment agreement dated June 15, 2020.
The consultancy agreement required payments of 
 translated using the exchange rate in effect at June 30, 2022) per month
to the firm that is controlled by this member of the Board. The individual also received payroll of 
 per month through the employment agreement as Chief Operating
Officer. The member resigned from the Board and from his role as Chief Operating Officer on May 31, 2022 and the consultancy agreement
and the employment agreement were terminated. 

The
Company retained the services of its former Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer through a consultancy agreement dated
April 2, 2022 and an employment agreement dated April 2, 2022. The Company remitted monthly payments to its former Chief Financial Officer
of NZD 
 
 translated using the exchange rate in effect at June 30, 2022)
under the consultancy agreement and 
 per month under the employment agreement. In connection with this
appointment the Company provided a one-time issuance of 
 shares of Common Stock to the former Chief Financial Officer and
Chief Operating Officer. The former Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer resigned from his roles on December 31,
2022, and the consultancy agreement and employment agreement
were terminated. He later rejoined the Company as the Chief Operating Officer on May 29, 2023 under a new employment agreement. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company engaged in transactions with Tilt, LLC a game center operator controlled by the head of
GGC. This included net sales to Tilt, LLC in the amount of 
for game center equipment, and amounts paid to Tilt, LLC of 
for equipment leased, 
for services, 
for cryptocurrency mining and 
for purchases of computer inventory. The individual was no longer employed by the Company during the year ended June 30,
2023. 

. The lease has an annual expense of 
translated using the exchange rate in effect at June 30, 2023), increasing 
annually. At lease inception, the Company determined it was not reasonably certain to exercise any of the options to extend. In
October 2021, . The lease had a monthly expense of ,
increasing 
annually. At lease inception, the Company determined it was not reasonably certain to exercise any of the options to extend. On
January 26, 2023, the Company agreed to terminate the UCLA lease and there are no further obligations going forward. The Company
recognized a gain of 
in gain on termination of lease in the consolidated statement of operations associated with the elimination of the remaining lease liability. 

In
March 2022 the Company commenced a finance lease for computer equipment for one of its owned and operated game centers. The lease had
annual payments of including interest. The lease term was approximately years. In June 2020 the Company commenced a finance
lease for computer equipment for one of its owned and operated game centers. The lease had annual payments of including interest.
The lease term was approximately years. These game center computer equipment finance leases were disposed of during June 2022. 

Total
 lease assets 

Liabilities: 

Current: 

Operating
 lease liabilities 
 
 Operating lease liability
 current 

Operating
 lease liabilities 
 
 Operating lease liability
 current 

Long-term: 

Operating lease liabilities 
 
 Operating lease liability non-current 

- 

Operating
 lease liabilities 
 
 Operating lease liability non-current 

- 

Total
 lease liabilities 

The
operating lease expense and finance lease expense, for the year ended June 30, 2023 were and , respectively. 

The operating
lease expense and finance lease expense, excluding asset impairment charges, for the year ended June 30, 2022 were and ,
respectively. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company recognized in asset impairment charges in the consolidated statements
of operations, 
 for operating lease right-of-use assets for
the Helix Game Center building rentals and 
for the Helix computer equipment finance leases.
The outstanding lease liabilities for the Helix equipment and finance leases were assumed by the purchaser in the Helix transaction on
June 10, 2022. 

Weighted
 Average Discount Rate: 

Operating
 leases 

Thereafter 

- 

Total lease payments 

Less:
 imputed interest 

() 
 
 Present
 value of lease liabilities 

- 

Total 

- 

Less
 current portion of notes payable and long-term debt 

- 

() 
 
 Notes
 payable and other long-term debt 

- 

- 

In
connection with its acquisition of Argyll on July 31, 2020, the Company assumed a note payable of translated
using the exchange rate in effect at the acquisition date). The term loan was issued on April 30, 2020 and has a maturity of ,
bears interest at per annum over the Bank of England base rate, and is secured by the assets and equity of Argyll. The Company paid down the note
through March 2023 with the remaining being extinguished on liquidation of Argyll Productions on June 9, 2023. Interest expense
on the note payable was and for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Senior
Convertible Note 

On
February 22, 2022, the Company exchanged the existing senior convertible note (the Old Senior Convertible Note with a
remaining principal of ,
with the Senior Convertible Note in the aggregate principal of .
On September 19, 2022 as part of the Company s September 2022 Offering (defined below) of shares of common stock and
warrants to purchase common stock, the Company remitted to the Holder an amount of 
from the proceeds reducing the Senior Convertible Note principal balance to .
On December 19, 2022, as part of the Registered Direct Offering (Note 16) the Company paid the Holder an amount equal to 
for interest due and interest prepaid through February 28, 2023. On January 27, 2023, the Company received the written consent of
the Holder to lower the conversion price of the Senior Convertible Note to 
of the lowest VWAP (as defined in the Senior Convertible Note) of the Common Stock for a trading day during the five (5) consecutive
trading day period ending, and including, the applicable date that the conversion price is lowered for purposes of a conversion, in
accordance with Section 7(g) of the Senior Convertible Note (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations,
recapitalizations and similar events during such measuring period) until further written notice to the Holder from the Company. From
January 27, 2023 through April 28, 2023, the date of the Senior Convertible Note was converted to Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock (Note 16 and discussed further below)), pursuant to the debt for equity exchanges, and after increasing the Senior Convertible
Note by ,
for fees of 
and converted accrued liabilities of 
pursuant to the Amendment, the Holder exchanged 
in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Convertible Note for an aggregate of 
shares of our common stock, at the lowered conversion prices (the Exchanges and recorded a loss on extinguishment of
the Senior Convertible Note of 
related to the conversions. Following the Exchanges and the impact of the Amendment, 
in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Convertible Note remained outstanding. 

On
April 19, 2023, the Company redeemed of the previously outstanding on the Senior Convertible Note following the
Exchanges and the impact of the Amendment and Exchanges, using funds from the Sale of the Bethard Business deposited in a bank account
in favor of the Holder. On April 19, 2023, using these funds, the Company paid to the Holder, to redeem the , and settle
the related redemption premium of and accrued interest of , with the additional owed being paid on May 1, 2023
(Note 3). 

Further,
on April 28, 2023, the Company closed on an agreement with the Holder to convert the remaining outstanding into the Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock. The material terms and provisions of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock are described in Note 16. 

The
conversion of the Senior Convertible Note into the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock extinguished the Senior Convertible Note and
the remaining related debt liability outstanding of and further eliminated the related derivative liability. As of June 30,
2023, the derivative liability was extinguished and was recognized as a gain offsetting the loss on extinguishment of senior
convertible note recorded in the consolidated statement of operations. 

Prior
to the extinguishment of the debt, the interest rate on the Senior Convertible Note was 
per annum (consistent with the Old Senior Convertible Note), and from and after the occurrence and during the continuance of any
Event of Default (as defined in the Senior Convertible Note), the interest rate would automatically be increased to 
per annum. As further described below, the Company was not in compliance with certain debt covenants under the Senior Convertible
Note as of September 30, 2021 or subsequently, until the conversion to the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. The Company had
been accruing interest expense at a rate of 
beginning March 31, 2022, the date it was initially not in compliance with certain debt covenants, as compared to using the set rate
of ,
and the Company recorded an additional 
in interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended June 30, 2023, respectively. There were amounts
of default interest recorded in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheet as of June 30,
2023. 

The
maturity date of the Senior Convertible Note was June 2, 2023, and was subject to extension in certain circumstances, including bankruptcy
and outstanding events of default. The Company could redeem the Senior Convertible Note, subject to certain conditions, at a price equal
to of the outstanding principal balance outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and unpaid late charges thereon. 

The
Company had not maintained compliance with certain debt covenants and was in default under the terms of the Senior Convertible Note through
April 28, 2023, the date of the conversion to the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. 

The
Senior Convertible Note was convertible, at the option of the Holder, into shares of the Company s Common Stock at a conversion
price of per share. The Senior Convertible Note was subject to a most favored nations provision and standard adjustments in
the event of any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, recapitalization or other similar transaction. If the Company entered
into any agreement to issue (or issues) any variable rate securities, the Holder had the additional right to substitute such variable
price (or formula) for the conversion price. 

If
an Event of Default had occurred under the Senior Convertible Note, in addition to the default interest rate discussed above, the Holder
may have elected to alternatively convert the Senior Convertible Note at the Alternate Conversion Price (as defined in the Senior Convertible
Note). In connection with an Event of Default, the Holder may have required the Company to redeem in cash any or all of the Senior Convertible
Note. The redemption price would have equaled . 

If
an Event of Default occurred, the Holder of the Senior Convertible Note had the right to alternate conversion Alternate Conversion and may have elected to convert the Senior Convertible Note in cash due upon such an acceleration of the applicable principal, at a price Alternate Conversion Price equal to the greater of the Conversion Floor Price of or a price derived from the
volume weighted average price of the Company s Common Stock at the time of Alternate Conversion. If the Alternate Conversion were
to include the Conversion Floor Price of as the Alternate Conversion Price, the Company would be required to settle in cash any
difference between the market value of the shares subject to the Alternate Conversion using the floor price and the market value of the
shares using the Alternate Conversion Price, excluding any reference to the floor, based on the formula as stipulated in the Senior Convertible
Note. 

The
Senior Convertible Note included a provision that should the Company be in both breach of its debt covenants and its price per
common share trade below the conversion floor price of (the
 Conversion Floor Price ), the Holder may have elected the Alternate Conversion option that includes a make-whole
provision payable to the Holder in cash. Through April 28, 2023, the date of the Senior Convertible Note was converted to Series C
Convertible Preferred Stock (Note 16), the Company was in breach of its debt covenants and the price per share of its Common Stock
had declined below the Conversion Floor Price. As a result, the make whole provision in the Senior Convertible Note was determined
to represent an obligation of the Company under the terms of the Senior Convertible Note. At June 30, 2022, the Company estimated it
would have been required to issue up to shares
of Common Stock under the Alternate Conversion make whole provision of the Senior Convertible Note, respectively. Due to the
conversion to the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock the recorded derivative liability, as of March 31, 2023, related to the make whole provision of
 and the related cash liability of approximately were eliminated (see Make-Whole Derivative Liability
below). 

Until
April 28, 2023, and the conversion of the Senior Convertible Note into the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, under the Senior
Convertible Note, and consistent with the Old Senior Convertible Note, the Company was subject to certain customary affirmative and
negative covenants regarding the incurrence of indebtedness, the existence of liens, the repayment of indebtedness, the payment of
cash in respect of dividends, distributions or redemptions, and the transfer of assets, among other matters. The Company was also
subject to certain financial debt covenants relating to available cash, minimum annual revenues, ratio of debt to market
capitalization and minimum cash flow. 

As
noted above, at June 30, 2022, the Company was in default under the terms of the Senior Convertible Note, and the Company recognized
its obligation under the Senior Convertible Note as a current liability in the consolidated balance sheet. 

The
Old Senior Convertible Note was issued by the Company to the Holder on June 2, 2021 in the principal amount of with the Company
receiving proceeds at issuance of , net of debt issuance costs of . The Old Senior Convertible
Note was issued with Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants. On the date of issuance, the Company recorded the fair value
of the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants as a discount to the Old Senior Convertible Note totaling . The debt discount
was amortized to interest expense over the term of the Old Senior Convertible Note using the effective interest method until extinguishment.
The obligation resulting from the issuance of the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants was determined to qualify for liability classification
on the consolidated balance sheet. See below for further discussion of the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants.
The Old Senior Convertible Note was convertible, at the option of the Holder, into shares of the Company s Common Stock at a conversion
price of per share. The conversion amounts were calculated as the principal balance identified for conversion plus the Premium
on Principal. 

Prior
to the default, it was previously determined that the Company was not in compliance with the Old Senior Convertible Note covenants at
September 30, 2021 and subsequent reporting dates. The Company therefore requested and received a waiver dated October 13, 2021 for (i)
any known breaches or potential breaches of financial covenants in effect related to the available cash test and minimum cash flow test
through December 25, 2021, (ii) any known breach resulting from the placement of a lien on the outstanding share capital of Prozone Limited,
the entity that holds the assets of Bethard, and (iii) any known breach which would result from the Company s announcement that
it would purchase an equity interest in Game Fund Partners Group LLC through the contribution of up to shares of Common Stock.
 . 

In
consideration for the October 13, 2021 waiver, the Company agreed to permit the conversion of up to of the original principal
balance of the Old Senior Convertible Note at the Alternate Conversion Price into shares of Common Stock, exclusive of the Premium on
Principal and 15 premium payable that applies to an Alternate Conversion. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Holder of the Old
Senior Convertible Note had converted the full principal amount of into shares of Common Stock. As a result of these
conversions of principal, the Company recorded a loss on conversion of Senior Convertible Notes of in the consolidated
statement of operations for the year ended June 30, 2022. The Company has further accelerated the recognition of the remaining debt discount
and Premium on Principal in connection with the exchange and issuance of the Senior Convertible Note. This resulted in the recognition
of a loss on extinguishment of the Senior Convertible Note of for the year ended June 30, 2022 in the consolidated statement of operations. 

The
Company previously obtained a waiver from the Holder of the Old Senior Convertible Note on November 2, 2021 in connection with its announcement
to commence an underwritten registered public offering of its Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (Note
15). In consideration for this waiver, the Company agreed to increase the cash price payable upon a redemption of the Old Senior Convertible
Note by the Company to be equal to of the conversion amount, as defined in Old Senior Convertible Note agreement as any unpaid principal,
minimum return due to the Holder, and unpaid interest due on such redemption date. The Company agreed to pay the Holder of the Old Senior
Convertible Note an amount of under the terms of a registration rights agreement. The Company recognized the amount payable
to the Holder of the Old Senior Convertible Note under the registration rights agreement in other non-operating income (loss), net, in
the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended June 30, 2022 and this was added to the Senior Convertible Note as part of
the Amendment. As of June 30, 2022 the amount was recorded in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the consolidated
balance sheet. 

Make-Whole
Derivative Liability 

Prior
to the conversion of the Senior Convertible Note into the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, the make-whole provision in the
Senior Convertible Note was a derivative liability. This considered that the Company had obtained debt waivers from the Holder for
its breaches of debt covenants. The Company s historical stock price had also traded at levels significantly in excess of the
Conversion Floor Price. 

On
April 28, 2023, the date of the conversion of the Senior Convertible Note into the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock the
derivative liability was eliminated and no balance is recorded in the consolidated balance sheet at June 30, 2023. The Company
recognized a gain in the Change in fair value of derivative liability on Senior Convertible Note of 
with the remaining 
recognized as a gain offsetting the loss on extinguishment of senior convertible note in the consolidated statement of operations
for the year ended June 30, 2023 due to the elimination of the derivative liability. 

Prior
to the conversion of the Senior Convertible Note into the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, the Senior Convertible
Note agreement included a provision that should both the Company be in breach of its debt covenants and its price per common share
trade below the Conversion Floor Price of ,
the Holder may elect the Alternate Conversion option that includes a make-whole provision payable to the Holder in cash. Prior to
the conversion of the Senior Convertible Note into the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company was in breach of its debt
covenants and the price per share of its Common Stock had declined below the Conversion Floor Price. While the Company previously
obtained waivers from the Holder of the Old Senior Convertible Note for breach of covenants, as well as a waiver for breach of
covenants through March 30, 2022 under the Senior Convertible Note, the Company was unable to comply with the debt covenants under
the Senior Convertible Note or otherwise obtain a debt waiver from March 31, 2022 through April 28, 2023 the date of conversion of
the Senior Convertible Note into the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. As a result, the make-whole provision in the Senior
Convertible Note agreement was determined to represent an obligation of the Company up until April 28, 2023 under the terms of the
Senior Convertible Note. The fair value of the derivative liability at the end of the prior year on June 30, 2022, was determined
using a Monte Carlo valuation model to be 
which is included in the derivative liability in the consolidated balance sheets and the gain or loss was recorded in the change in
fair value of derivative liability in the consolidated statements of operations. The make-whole cash liability calculated under the
terms of the note of approximately 
at June 30, 2022 was materially higher than the fair value of .
See Note 18 for further discussion of the fair value determined for the derivative liability for the year ended June 30,
2022. 

Warrants 

September
2022 Warrants 

On
September 19, 2022, the Company completed, an equity offering in which it sold 
units at 
consisting of one share of Common Stock and one warrant for a total of 
September 2022 Warrants with an exercise price of (the September 2022 Offering ).
The Company also sold a further 
September 2022 Warrants in an overallotment with an exercise price of 
issued to the underwriters of the offering on September 19, 2022. 

The
September 2022 Warrants may be exercised at any time after issuance for one share of Common Stock of the Company at an exercise price
of . 

The
Company determined the September 2022 Warrants should be classified as a liability as the warrants are redeemable for cash in the event
of a fundamental transaction, as defined in the Warrant Agreement, pursuant to which the September 2022 Warrants were purchased, which
includes a change in control. The Company has recorded a liability for the September 2022 Warrants at fair value on the issuance date
with subsequent changes in fair value reflected in earnings. On September 19, 2022, the date of the Common Stock issuance, the Company
determined the total fair value of the September 2022 Warrants to be . On June 30, 2023, the Company determined the total fair
value of the September 2022 Warrants to be . The change in fair value of the September 2022 Warrants liability recorded in the consolidated statement of operations for the year end June 30, 2023 was . See Note 18 for additional disclosures
related to the change in the fair value of the warrant liabilities. 

March
2022 Warrants 

On
March 2, 2022, the Company completed the March 2022 Offering, an equity offering in which it sold units at consisting
of one share of Common Stock and one warrant for a total of March 2022 Warrants with an exercise price of . The Company
also sold a further March 2022 Warrants in an overallotment with an exercise price of issued to the underwriters of the
offering on April 1, 2022. 

The
March 2022 Warrants may be exercised at any time after issuance for one share of Common Stock of the Company at an exercise price of
 . 

The
Company determined the March 2022 Warrants should be classified as a liability as the warrants are redeemable for cash in the event of
a fundamental transaction, as defined in the Common Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement pursuant to which the March 2022 Warrants were purchased,
which includes a change in control. The Company has recorded a liability for the March 2022 Warrants at fair value on the issuance date
with subsequent changes in fair value reflected in earnings. On March 2, 2022, the date of the Common Stock issuance, the Company determined
the total fair value of the March 2022 Offering Warrants to be and on the date of the Common Stock issuance, the Company determined
the total fair value of the April 2022 Overallotment to be . On June 30, 2022 the Company determined the total fair value of
the March 2022 Warrants to be . On June 30, 2023, the Company determined the total fair value of the March 2022 Warrants to
be . The change in fair value of the March 2022 Warrants liability recorded in the consolidated statement of operations for the
years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, was a decrease of and a decrease of , respectively. See Note 18 for additional
disclosures related to the change in the fair value of the warrant liabilities. 

Series
A and Series B Warrants 

On
June 2, 2021, the Company issued 
Series A Warrants and 
Series B Warrants to the holder of the Old Senior Convertible Note. The Exchange Agreement pursuant to which the Old Senior
Convertible Note was exchanged for the Senior Convertible Note, the Note to Preferred Stock Exchange Agreement (Note 16) and
conversion to the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (Note 16) did not impact the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants
previously issued and outstanding. The Series A Warrants may be exercised at any time after issuance for one share of Common Stock
of the Company at an exercise price of .
The Series B Warrants expired on June 2, 2023. The Series B Warrants were only able to be exercised to the extent that the
indebtedness owing under the Senior Convertible Note is redeemed. As a result, for each share of Common Stock determined to be
issuable upon a redemption of principal of the Senior Convertible Note, one Series B Warrant would vest and was eligible for exercise
at an exercise price of . 

The
Company determined the Series A and Series B Warrants should be classified as a liability as the warrants are redeemable for cash in
the event of a fundamental transaction, as defined in the Senior Convertible Note, which includes a change in control. The Company
has recorded a liability for the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants at fair value on the issuance date with subsequent changes
in fair value reflected in earnings. At June 30, 2022, the Company determined the total fair value of the Series A Warrants and
Series B Warrants to be ,
with a fair value of 
determined for the Series A Warrants, and a fair value of 
and determined for the Series B Warrants. At June 30, 2023, the Company determined the total fair value of the Series A Warrants to
be 
(Series B Warrants expired June 2, 2023). The change in fair value of the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants liability recorded
in the consolidated statements of operations for the year end June 30, 2023 and 2022 were decreases of 
and ,
respectively. See Note 18 for additional disclosures related to the change in the fair value of the warrant liabilities. 

The
proceeds from the issuance of the Old Senior Convertible Note were allocated to the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants using the
with-and-without method. Under this method, the Company first allocated the proceeds from the issuance of the Old Senior Convertible
Note to the Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants based on their initial fair value measurement, and then allocated the remaining proceeds
to the Old Senior Convertible Note. The debt discount on the Old Senior Convertible Note was being amortized over its term of two years.
The Company accelerated the amortization of the debt discount on the Old Senior Convertible Note and the amount was fully recognized
in the prior year ended June 30, 2022. 

in cash and 
in Common Stock during the period from October 1, 2019 to June 30, 2022. On August 6, 2020, the Company entered into an amended and
restated sponsorship agreement (the Amended Sponsorship Agreement with the Team that included cash payments totaling
 
and the issuance of Common Stock totaling 
for the term of the agreement ending January 31, 2023. On December 31, 2021, the Amended Sponsorship Agreement was terminated. For
year ended June 30, 2022, the Company recorded 
in sales and marketing expense related to the Team sponsorship. There were no outstanding amounts payable to the Team as of June 30,
2023 or June 30, 2022. 

On
August 17, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with Bally s Corporation, an operator of various online gaming and
wagering services in the state of New Jersey, USA, to assist the Company in its entrance into the sports wagering market in New
Jersey under the State Gaming Law. The commencement date of the arrangement with Bally s Corporation was March 31, 2021. The
Company paid 
and issued 
shares of Common Stock in connection with the commencement of the arrangement. The Bally s Corporation agreement extends for from July 1, 2021, the date of commencement, requiring the Company to pay 
and issue 
shares of Common Stock on each annual anniversary date. As of June 30, 2023, the future annual commitments by the Company under this
agreement are estimated at 
and 
shares of Common Stock payable each year through the year ended June 30, 2030. During each of the years ended June 30, 2023 and
2022, the Company recorded ,
respectively, in sales and marketing expense for its arrangement with Bally s Corporation. There was 
in accounts payable and accrued expenses in the consolidated financial statements outstanding and payable to Bally s
Corporation as of June 30, 2023 and no amounts outstanding as of June 30, 2022. On October 28, 2022, the Company determined that it
would close down its vie.gg New Jersey operations and exit its transactional waiver from the New Jersey Division of Gaming
Enforcement. On September 28, 2023, the Company entered into an online wagering and services agreement with Delasport Limited
that has an initial term of 18 months with subsequent annual renewals. The agreement has annual commitment of approximately . 

The
Company has signed a subscription and operating agreement with Game Fund Partners LLC to support the development of a planned 
game fund. Under the agreements, the Company will initially invest approximately of Company shares into of the general
partnership of the fund, and the Company will become part of the management and investment committee that manages an investment fund
focused on joint projects and investment vehicles to fuel growth in the areas of gaming, data, blockchain, online gaming, and joint casino
hotel investments. The Company has agreed to contribute shares to the fund during the period in which the fund receives total capital
commitments of . The Company has agreed to contribute an additional shares to the fund during the period in which the
fund reaches total capital commitments of . As of June 30, 2023, the Company has not contributed any shares of its Common
Stock to the fund. 

In
the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into multi-year agreements to purchase sponsorships with professional teams as
part of its marketing efforts to expand competitive esports gaming. During the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company
recorded 
and ,
respectively, in sales and marketing expense for these arrangements. As of June 30, 2023, the commitments under these agreements are
estimated at approximately 
for the year ended June 30, 2024 and approximately 
for the year ended June 30, 2025. 

Contingencies 

On
December 23, 2022, Grant Johnson resigned from the Board. Mr. Johnson resigned following his termination for cause, by the Board, from
his position as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, effective December 3, 2022. As a result, Mr. Johnson is no longer
an officer or director of the Company. On January 6, 2023, Mr. Johnson, filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York against the Company. The claim alleges breach by the Company of Mr. Johnson s employment agreement when it
terminated him for Cause as defined in the agreement on December 3, 2022. Mr. Johnson seeks in excess of as
well as shares of our common stock, plus attorney s fees. On February 28, 2023, Mr. Johnson filed an amended complaint to
amend his original claim and to add an alleged defamation claim. On March 14, 2023, the Company filed its Pre-Motion Letter requesting
that the claim be dismissed and on March 15, 2023, Mr. Johnson filed a letter to the Court requesting that the claim not be dismissed.
On May 4th a Rule 16 conference took place and the Company decided not to move forward with the motion to dismiss and is preparing documents
for the discovery phase and a response to the Plaintiff s statement of claim as well as a counterclaim. The Company believes the
claims are without merit and intends to defend against the claims vigorously. The case is captioned Grant Johnson v. Esports Entertainment
Group, Inc. 1:22-cv-10861 (SDNY). 

On
January 1, 2022, amendments to the Finnish Lotteries Act came into effect, further restricting marketing opportunities and enhancing
the enforcement powers of the Finnish regulator. Prior to these amendments coming into effect, in the fiscal quarter ended December 31,
2021, the Company has received communications from the Finnish regulator requesting clarification on its marketing and gaming practices
related to its Finnish EEG iGaming operations. The Company responded to the initial communication in third quarter of fiscal year 2022
and received a second request for further clarification. On November 28, 2022, the Company provided its response, further addressing
its business and marketing operations in Finland. Further powers allowing the Finnish regulator to require blocking by payment service
providers of overseas operators who are targeting their marketing activities towards Finnish customers are also due to come into effect
in 2023. Operations in Finland run under the MGA license on the Lucky Dino in-house built iDefix casino-platform. On January 5, 2023,
the Company received a communication that the Finnish regulator was satisfied with the Company s response and no adverse judgments
were imposed by the Finnish regulator against the Company. 

The
Company at times may be involved in pending or threatened litigation relating to claims arising from its operations in the normal course
of business. Some of these proceedings may result in fines, penalties, judgments or costs being assessed against the Company at some
future time. 

In
determining the appropriate level of specific liabilities, if any, the Company considers a case-by-case evaluation of the underlying
data and updates the Company s evaluation as further information becomes known. Specific liabilities are provided for loss contingencies
to the extent the Company concludes that a loss is both probable and estimable. The Company did not have any liabilities recorded for
loss contingencies as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. However, the results of litigation are inherently unpredictable, and the possibility
exists that the ultimate resolution of one or more of these matters could result in a material effect on the Company s financial
position, results of operations or liquidity. 

Other
than discussed above, the Company is currently not involved in any other litigation that it believes could have a material adverse effect
on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. 

Esports and other revenues 

Total 

Revenue 

International 

Total 

Revenue 

Over time 

Total 

Revenue 

Deferred revenue, end of the year 

Revenue recognized in the year from amounts included in deferred revenue at
 the beginning of the year 

Deferred revenue 

The
majority of the deferred revenue is expected to be recognized over the twelve months ending June 30, 2024. 

International 

Total 

Long-lived assets 

shares of blank check preferred stock. On November 10, 2021, the Company designated 
shares of preferred stock as 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, with a par value of 
per share and liquidation preference of .
On November 11, 2021, the Company announced that it priced an underwritten public offering of preferred stock as 10 Series A
Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock in the first series issuance of preferred stock, of which 
shares were issued at 
a share on November 16, 2021 for total gross proceeds of ,
before deducting underwriting discounts and other estimated offering expenses. Net proceeds from the sale, after deducting issuance
costs totaled . 

In
addition, under the terms of the underwriting agreement for the public offering of the 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible
Preferred Stock, the Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to an additional shares. On December 10,
2021, there was a partial exercise to purchase shares. Net proceeds from the additional sale, after deducting issuance costs,
totaled . 

Conversion 

per common share. Subject to earlier conversion or redemption, the 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable
Convertible Preferred Stock matures on November 15, 2026, at which point the Company must redeem the shares
of 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock at the redemption price. 

Dividends 

Dividends
on the Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock are cumulative from the date of issuance. The dividends on the
 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock are payable in equal monthly installments on the last day of each calendar
month, when, as and if declared by the Board, at an annual rate of 
per annum. 

Redemption
and Liquidation 

The
 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock is also redeemable, at the option of the Board of Directors, in whole
or in part, at any time on or after January 1, 2023. 

The
 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock includes a change of control put option which allows the holders of the
 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock to require the Company to repurchase such holders shares for a
price per share equal to the redemption price. 

During
the continuance of any arrearages in dividends for any past monthly dividend period or a failure in fulfillment of any redemption obligation
on Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, except as otherwise permitted by the Certificate of Designation of the Series A Cumulative
Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company will not purchase or redeem any shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock or
of any other series of preferred stock ranking on a parity with the Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock as
to dividends or upon liquidation, without the consent of the holders of at least of all the shares of Series A Cumulative Redeemable
Convertible Preferred Stock and of stock of any other class or series of preferred stock then outstanding and ranking on a parity with
 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock as to dividends on which there are arrearages, voting together as a single
class. 

Upon
any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, the holders of the Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred
Stock are entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Company an amount equal to the per share,
plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon and any other fees or liquidated damages then due and owing thereon under the Series
A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, for each share of Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock
before any distribution or payment is made to the holders of any junior securities. 

Voting
Rights 

The
holders of the Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock will not have any voting rights, except whenever dividends
on any share of any series of preferred stock Applicable Preferred Stock have not been paid in an aggregate amount equal
to four monthly dividends on the shares, the holders of the Applicable Preferred Stock will have the exclusive and special right, voting
separately as a class and without regard to series, to elect at an annual meeting of shareholders or special meeting held in place of
it one member of the Board, until all arrearages in dividends and dividends in full for the current monthly period have been paid. 

Series
B Redeemable Preferred Stock 

On
December 20, 2022, the Company entered into a Subscription and Investment Representation Agreement with a member of management, the Interim
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell one hundred shares of the Company s
Series B Preferred Stock, par value per share, for per share in cash. The sale closed on December 21, 2022. 

On
December 21, 2022, the Company filed a certificate of designation (the Certificate of Designation with the Secretary
of State of Nevada, effective as of the time of filing, designating the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of the
shares of Series B Preferred Stock. shares of Series B Preferred Stock will have 25,000,000 votes each and will vote together with the outstanding shares of the
Company s common stock as a single class exclusively with respect to any proposal to effect a reverse stock split of the
Company s common stock. The Series B Preferred Stock was voted, without action by the holder, on the reverse stock
split proposal at our 2022 Annual Meeting on January 26, 2023, in the same proportion as shares of common stock were voted. The
Series B Preferred Stock otherwise had no other voting rights except as otherwise required by the Nevada Revised Statutes. The
reverse stock split proposal was approved during the 2022 Annual Meeting. 

Conversion 

The
Series B Preferred Stock was not convertible. 

Dividends 

The
holder of Series B Preferred Stock, as such, was not entitled to receive dividends or distributions of any kind. 

Voting
Rights 

Except
as otherwise provided by the Company s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or required by law, the holder of Series
B Preferred Stock had no voting rights, except that the holder of Series B Preferred Stock had the right to vote on any resolution or
proposal presented to the stockholders of the Company to approve a decrease in the number of the Company s issued and outstanding
shares of Common Stock, or reverse stock split of such issued and outstanding shares, within a range as determined by the Board in accordance
with the terms of such amendment (the Reverse Stock Split Proposal ), or as otherwise required by the Nevada Revised Statutes.
 The outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock
voted together with the outstanding shares of Common Stock, par value per share of Common Stock of the Company as a single class
exclusively with respect to the Reverse Stock Split Proposal and was not entitled to vote on any other matter except to the extent required
under the Nevada Revised Statutes. 

The
shares of Series B Preferred Stock was voted, without action by the holder, on the Reverse Stock Split Proposal in the same proportion
as shares of Common Stock were voted (excluding any shares of Common Stock that were not voted), or otherwise, or which are counted as
abstentions or broker non-votes) on the Reverse Stock Split Proposal (and, for purposes of clarity, such voting rights did not apply
on any other resolution presented to the stockholders of the Company). 

Liquidation 

The
Series B Preferred Stock had no rights as to any distribution of assets of the Company for any reason, including upon a liquidation,
bankruptcy, reorganization, merger, acquisition, sale, dissolution or winding up of the Company, whether voluntarily or involuntarily,
and did not affect the liquidation or distribution rights of holders of any other outstanding series of preferred stock of the Company,
if any. 

Redemption 

The
outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock were to be redeemed in whole, but not in part, at any time (i) if such redemption was
ordered by the Board in its sole discretion, automatically and effective on such time and date specified by the Board in its sole discretion,
or (ii) automatically upon the stockholder approval of the Reverse Stock Split Proposal. As used herein, the Redemption Time 
meant the effective time of the redemption. 

Each
share of Series B Preferred Stock redeemed in the redemption was to be redeemed in consideration for the right to receive an amount equal
to in cash (the Redemption Price for each share of Series B Preferred Stock that was owned of record as of immediately
prior to the applicable effective time of the redemption and redeemed pursuant to the Redemption, payable upon the applicable effective
time of the redemption. 

From
and after the time at which the shares of Series B Preferred Stock were called for redemption (whether automatically or otherwise) in
accordance with the above, such shares of Series B Preferred Stock were to cease to be outstanding, and the only right of the former
holder of such shares of Series B Preferred Stock, as such, was to receive the applicable Redemption Price. The shares of Series B Preferred
Stock redeemed by the Company were to be automatically retired and restored to the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred
stock, upon such redemption. Notice of a meeting of the Company s stockholders for the submission to such stockholders of any proposal
to approve the Reverse Stock Split constitutes notice of the redemption of shares of Series B Preferred Stock and results in the automatic
redemption of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock at the effective time of the redemption pursuant to the above. In connection with
the issuance of the Series B Preferred Stock, the Company set apart funds for payment for the redemption of the shares of Series B Preferred
Stock. Pursuant to the terms of the Preferred Stock, the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock were redeemed in whole following the effectiveness
of stockholder approval of the reverse stock split proposal at the Company s 2022 annual meeting held on January 26, 2023. The
holder of the Preferred Stock received consideration of per share in cash, or in the aggregate, on February 10, 2023. 

The
Series B Preferred Stock was not mandatorily redeemable, but rather was only contingently redeemable, and given that the redemption events
were not certain to occur, the shares were not accounted for as a liability. As the Series B Redeemable Preferred Stock was contingently
redeemable on events outside of the control of the Company, all shares of Series B Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock have been presented
outside of permanent equity in mezzanine equity on the consolidated balance sheets. 

shares of Common Stock at a par value of per share. 

Dividend
Rights 

Subject
to the prior or equal rights of holders of all classes of stock at the time outstanding having prior or equal rights as to
dividends, the holders of the Company s Common Stock may receive dividends out of funds legally available therefor if the
Board, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that the Board may determine.
The Company has not paid any dividends on the Company s Common Stock and do not contemplate doing so in the foreseeable
future. 

Voting
Rights 

Each
holder of the Common Stock is entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock held by such stockholder. 

No
Preemptive or Similar Rights 

The
Company s Common Stock is not entitled to preemptive rights, and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. 

Liquidation 

Upon
the dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities
of the Company and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock or any class or series
of stock having a preference over or the right to participate with the Common Stock with respect to the distribution of assets of the
Company upon such dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive the
remaining assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders ratably in proportion to the number of shares held by
them. 

The
following is a summary of common stock issuances for the year ended June 30, 2023: 

During
 the year ended June 30, 2023, as part of the September 2022 Offering, the Company sold units at , consisting of one
 share of Common Stock and one warrant with an exercise price of , for gross proceeds of . The Company recorded the
 issuance of these shares at a fair value of comprised of of cash received from the offering equal to the gross
 proceeds, net of issuance costs, and net of the fair value of the September 2022 Warrant liability of , calculated
 on issuance. The proceeds from the offering were designated for general working capital and to pay to the Holder of the Senior Convertible
 Note an amount of , including equal to of the gross proceeds over following the payment of 
 in offering fees including underwriting discounts and equal to the Holders participation in the September 2022 Offering,
 that was applied as a reduction of principal (Note 12). 

During
 the year ended June 30, 2023, on December 21, 2022, the Company closed an offering (the Registered Direct Offering in which it sold: (a) shares of Common Stock to the Holder (the Registered Direct Shares and (b) Pre-funded
 Warrants to purchase shares of our common stock at a price of per warrant (the Pre-funded Warrants ),
 directly to the Holder, with all but per warrant prepaid to the Company at the closing. The Company recorded the issuance of
 these shares at a fair value of comprised of of cash received from the offering equal to the gross proceeds,
 net of issuance costs, . The Company remitted approximately to the Holder to be applied to accrued
 interest and future interest payments under the Senior Convertible Note. The net proceeds received by the Company, after deducting
 underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by the Company and amounts remitted to the Holder was .
 The Holder redeemed all Pre-funded warrants for additional net proceeds of . 

During
 the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company and the Holder of our Senior Convertible Note effected debt for equity exchanges under
 the Senior Convertible Note of in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Convertible Note for an aggregate of 
 shares of our common stock and recorded a loss on extinguishment of the Senior Convertible Note of related to the conversions.

During
 the year ended June 30, 2023, in connection with his appointment as Chief Executive Officer, the Company granted the Chief Executive
 Officer, Mr. Igelman, an award of shares of common stock at a price of per share. 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to settle payables of . 

During
 the year ended June 30, 2023, in connection with the Reverse Stock Split, the Company issued shares of common stock at par
 value. 

The
following is a summary of Common Stock issuances for the year ended June 30, 2022: 

During
 the year ended June 30, 2022, as part of the March 2022 Offering, the Company sold units at , consisting of one share
 of Common Stock and one warrant with an exercise price of , for gross proceeds of . The Company recorded the issuance
 of these shares at a fair value of comprised of of cash received from the offering equal to the gross proceeds,
 net of issuance costs, and net of the fair value of the March 2022 Warrant liability of and the April 2022
 Overallotment Warrants liability of , respectively, calculated on issuance. The proceeds from the offering were designated
 for general working capital and to pay to the Holder of the Senior Convertible Note an amount equal to 30 of the gross proceeds
 to be applied as a reduction of principal (see Note 12). At June 30, 2022 the Company has not remitted payment to the Holder and
 principal remains at . 

During
 the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of Common Stock for services with a weighted average fair value of
 per share or in the aggregate. 

During
 the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of Common Stock from the exercise of stock options with a weighted
 average exercise price of per share or in the aggregate. 

During
 the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of Common Stock, with aggregate proceeds of , or 
 net of issuance costs, and a weighted average exercise price of , under its ATM program (see below). 

During
 the year ended June 30, 2022, the holder of the Senior Convertible Note converted an aggregate conversion value of into
 shares of Common Stock, with a weighted average conversion price of . 

At-the
Market Equity Offering Program 

On
September 3, 2021, the Company entered at the market equity offering program to sell up to an aggregate of 
of Common Stock. The shares were being issued pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No.
333-252370) and the Company filed a prospectus supplement, dated September 3, 2021 with the SEC in connection with the offer and
sale of the shares pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement with the broker. There were 
shares sold under the ATM during the year ended June 30, 2022 for gross proceeds of .
The agreement between the Company and Maxim Group LLC governing the ATM expired on September 3, 2022. 

Subsequent
to year ended June 30, 2023, on September 15, 2023, the Company entered into a new at the market equity offering program to
sell up to an aggregate of 
of Common Stock. The shares are being issued pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No.
333-252370) and Form S-3 MEF (File No. 333-274542) and the Company filed a prospectus supplement, dated September 15, 2023, with the
SEC in connection with the offer and sale of the shares pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement with the broker. There were no
shares sold under the new ATM during the year ended June 30, 2023 or subsequently through October 12, 2023, one business day preceding this filing. 

Common
Stock Warrants 

On
May 22, 2023, closed the issuance of the Series D Preferred Stock, that included the issuance of (i) 
shares of Series D Preferred Stock for a price of per
share, (ii) Common Warrants to purchase 
shares of our common stock at a price of 
per share, and (iii) preferred warrants to purchase 
shares of our Series D Preferred Stock at a price of 
per share, for a total gross proceeds to the Company of 
before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of , for net proceeds of , with the preferred warrants to
purchase the Series D Preferred Stock as a potential source of additional funds. 

On
December 21, 2022, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with an institutional investor. The offering included (a)
 Registered Direct Shares and (b) shares of our common stock at a price of per Pre-Funded Warrant, directly to such
investor, with all but per warrant prepaid to the Company at the closing of the offering. The exercise price of each Pre-funded
Warrant is per share of common stock. The Holder redeemed all Pre-funded warrants during the year ended June 30, 2023 for
net proceeds of . 

On
September 19, 2022, the Company closed the September 2022 Offering, in which it sold units at consisting of one share
of Common Stock and one September 2022 Warrant exercisable at any time after issuance for one share of Common Stock of the Company for
a total of September 2022 Warrants at an exercise price of . On the offering date the underwriters of the September 2022
Offering exercised the over-allotment option to purchase additional September 2022 Warrants to purchase shares at a price of 
per warrant. The Company received net proceeds of . There were no September 2022 Warrants exercised during the year ended June
30, 2023 and all September 2022 Warrants were outstanding as of June 30, 2023. The September 2022 Warrants expire on . 

On
March 2, 2022, the Company closed the March 2022 Offering, in which it sold units at consisting of one share of Common
Stock and one March 2022 Warrant exercisable at any time after issuance for one share of Common Stock of the Company for a total of 
March 2022 Warrants at an exercise price of . On April 1, 2022, the underwriters of the March 2022 Offering exercised the over-allotment
option to purchase additional March 2022 Warrants to purchase shares at a price of per warrant. The Company received net
proceeds of . There were no March 2022 Warrants exercised during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, and all March 2022 Warrants
were outstanding as of June 30, 2023. The March 2022 Warrants expire on . 

On
June 2, 2021, the Company issued Series A Warrants and Series B Warrants with an exercise price of per share
to the Holder of the Senior Convertible Note. There were no Series A Warrants exercised during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022.
The Series A Warrants expire on and the Series B Warrants expired on . 

On
April 16, 2020, the Company closed an offering, (the April 2020 Offering ), in which it sold units consisting of
one share of Common Stock and one Unit A Warrant and one Unit B Warrant, for a total of warrants, with each warrant entitling
the holder to purchase one share of Common Stock priced at per share. The Company issued an additional Unit A Warrants and
 additional Unit B Warrants to the underwriter pursuant to an over-allotment option each entitling the holder to purchase one share
of Common Stock at per share. There were Unit A Warrants outstanding on June 30, 2023. The Unit A Warrants expire on . The Unit B Warrants expired one year from the date of issuance on April 19, 2021 and there were Unit B Warrants outstanding
at June 30, 2023. 

In
connection with the April 2020 Offering the Company also issued shares of Common Stock and warrants Conversion
Warrants to purchase one share of Common Stock at per share upon the conversion of of the Company s convertible
debt and accrued interest. There were Unit A Conversion Warrants outstanding at June 30, 2023. The Unit B Conversion Warrants have
been fully exercised for shares of Common Stock. 

Subsequent
to year end, on August 15, 2023, the Company closed August RD SPA agreement with the Holder. The August RD SPA relates to the
offering of (i) shares of our common stock, par value per share, for a price of per share, directly to the Holder
and (ii) pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of our Common Stock at a price of per warrant, directly to such Holder,
with all but per warrant prepaid to the Company at the closing of the offering. The August RD Pre-funded Warrants were exercisable
immediately upon issuance and were entirely exercised at an exercise price of per share of Common Stock on August 17, 2023. 

Issued 

Exercised 

Forfeited or cancelled 

Outstanding, June 30, 2022 

Issued 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited or cancelled 

() 

Outstanding June 30, 2023 

Common
Stock Options 

On
September 10, 2020, the Board adopted the 2020 Equity and Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan that provides for the issuance
of incentive and non-qualified stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units and stock appreciation rights to officers, employees,
directors, consultants, and other key persons. Under the 2020 Plan, the maximum number of shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance
was shares. . At June 30, 2023, there was a maximum of shares of Common Stock authorized
for issuance under the 2020 Plan. There were no additional equity awards eligible for issuance from the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan that
had been adopted by the Company on August 1, 2017. The outstanding stock options granted under the 2017 Stock Incentive Plan were transferred
to the 2020 Plan. As of June 30, 2023, there were shares of Common Stock available for future issuance under the 2020 Plan. On
January 3, 2023, separate from the 2020 Plan, the Company issued an award of time-based stock options to the Chief Executive Officer
with an exercise price of per option. The Chief Executive Officer s stock options will vest in equal quarterly installments
over a one-year period subject to his continued employment with the Company on the applicable vesting dates. 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Cancelled 

() 

Outstanding, June 30, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

- 

- 

Cancelled 

() 

Outstanding,
 June 30, 2023 

. 

As
of June 30, 2023, the weighted average remaining life of the options outstanding was 
years. There are 
options exercisable at June 30, 2023, with a weighted average exercise price of .
As of June 30, 2023, there was 
remaining unamortized stock compensation for Chief Executive Officer s stock options that will be recognized over the next . 

Stock
Based Compensation 

During
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of and , respectively,
for the amortization of stock options and the issuance of Common Stock to employees and contractors for services which has been recorded
as general and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

As
of June 30, 2023, other than the amounts related to the Chief Executive Officer s stock options of with a weighted-average
recognition period of years, there was no remaining unamortized stock compensation for stock options. Other than the options
granted to the Chief Executive Officer on January 3, 2023, no other options were granted during the year ended June 30, 2023. The options
granted to the Chief Executive Officer during the year ended June 30, 2023 were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using
the following weighted average assumptions: 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Grant date fair value 

As
of June 30, 2022, unamortized stock compensation for stock options was with a weighted-average recognition period of 
years. The options granted during the year ended June 30, 2022 were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following
weighted average assumptions: 

Year
 ended June 30, 2022 

Expected term, in years 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Grant date fair value 

Preferred
Stock 

The
Company is authorized to issue 
shares of blank check preferred stock. 

Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock 

On
April 19, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement with the Holder (the Note to Preferred Stock Exchange Agreement to convert the in aggregate principal amount of the Senior Convertible Note outstanding into the new Series C
Convertible Preferred Stock. The Company designated shares of preferred stock Series C Convertible Preferred Stock Series C Preferred Stock ). The
Company issued shares of Series C Preferred Stock, par value per share, for a price of per share. 

The
terms and provisions of the Series C Preferred Stock were set forth in a Series C Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate
of Designations (the Series C Certificate of Designations ), filed and effective with the Secretary of State of the State
of Nevada in connection with the closing on April 28, 2023. The transactions contemplated by the Note to Preferred Stock Exchange Agreement
and the Series C Certificate of Designations were approved by our Board. 

Ranking 

The
Series C Preferred Stock, with respect to the payment of dividends, distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution and
winding up of the Company, ranks equal to the Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and the Series D Preferred
Stock and is senior to all common stock of the Company unless the Investor consents to the creation of other capital stock of the Company
that is senior or equal in rank to the Series C Preferred Stock. 

Adjustments 

In
the event that the Company grants, issues or sells (or enters into any agreement to grant, issue or sell), or is deemed to have granted,
issued or sold, any shares of common stock, but excluding certain excluded issuances as described in the Series C Certificate of Designation,
for a consideration per share (the New Issuance Price less than a price equal to the Conversion Price in effect immediately
prior to such granting, issuance or sale or deemed granting, issuance or sale (the foregoing a Dilutive Issuance ), then,
immediately after such Dilutive Issuance, the Conversion Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal to the New Issuance
Price, subject to certain exceptions described in the Series C Certificate of Designations. 

If
the Company effects any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise or any combination, reverse stock split or otherwise
then in each such case the calculations with respect to the Conversion Price and similar terms shall be adjusted accordingly, all as
more fully described in the Series C Certificate of Designations. If there occurs any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination
recapitalization or other similar transaction involving the common stock (each, a Stock Combination Event , and such date
thereof, the Stock Combination Event Date and the Event Market Price (as defined below) is less than the Conversion Price
then in effect (after giving effect to the automatic adjustment above), then on the sixteenth (16th) trading day immediately following
such Stock Combination Event Date, the Conversion Price then in effect on such sixteenth (16th) trading day (after giving effect to the
automatic adjustment above) shall be reduced to the Event Market Price. Event Market Price means, with respect to any Stock
Combination Event Date, of the quotient determined by dividing (x) the sum of the VWAP (as defined in the Series C Certificate of
Designation) of the common stock for each of the three (3) lowest trading days during the twenty (20) consecutive trading day period
ending and including the trading day immediately preceding the sixteenth (16th) trading day after such Stock Combination Event Date,
divided by (y) three (3). 

Purchase
Rights 

If
at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any options, convertible securities, or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities
or other property pro rata to all or substantially all of the record holders of any class of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights ),
then each holder of Series C Preferred Stock will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate
Purchase Rights which such holder of Series C Preferred Stock could have acquired if such holder of Series C Preferred Stock had held
the number of shares of common stock acquirable upon complete conversion of all the Series C Preferred Stock held by such holder of Series
C Preferred Stock immediately prior to the date as of which the record holders of shares of common stock are to be determined for the
grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights; subject to certain limitations on beneficial ownership. 

Conversion 

The
Series C Certificate of Designations contemplates that the Series C Preferred Stock will be convertible into common stock (the
 Conversion Shares at the option of the holder of Series C Preferred Stock at any time from time to time after the
date of issuance thereof. The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of any share of Series C Preferred Stock shall be
determined by dividing (x) the Conversion Amount (as defined below) of a share of Series C Preferred Stock by (y) the lower of (i)
the Conversion Price (as defined below); and (ii) the Alternate Conversion Price (as defined below), subject to the Floor Price (as
defined below). Conversion Amount shall mean, with respect to each share of Series C Preferred Stock, the sum of (A)
 
per share (such amount, subject to adjustment, the Stated Value and (B) all declared and unpaid dividends with
respect to such Stated Value and all declared and unpaid dividends as of such date of determination and any other amounts owed under
the Series C Certificate of Designations. Conversion Price means, with respect to each Series C Preferred Stock, as of
any conversion date or other date of determination, a price that is ,
subject to adjustment as provided in the Series C Certificate of Designations. Alternate Conversion Price shall mean
with respect to any Alternate Conversion that price which shall be the lowest of (i) the applicable Conversion Price as in effect on
the applicable Conversion Date of the applicable Alternate Conversion, and (ii) the greater of (x) the Floor Price and (y) 
of the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock during the ten (10) consecutive Trading Day period ending and including the Trading Day of
the applicable Conversion Notice (such period, the Alternate Conversion Measuring Period ). All such determinations to
be appropriately adjusted for any stock dividend, stock split, stock combination, reclassification or similar transaction that
proportionately decreases or increases the Common Stock during such Alternate Conversion Measuring Period. Floor Price 
shall mean . 

Liquidation 

In
the event of a liquidation, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive in cash out of the assets of the Company,
whether from capital or from earnings available for distribution to its shareholders (the Liquidation Funds ), before any
amount shall be paid to the holders of any of shares of common stock or other junior stock, but pari passu with any parity stock then
outstanding, such as the Series A Preferred Stock, an amount per preferred share equal to the greater of (A) of the Conversion Amount
of such preferred share on the date of such payment and (B) the amount per share such Holder would receive if such Holder converted such
preferred share into common stock (at the Alternate Conversion Price then in effect) immediately prior to the date of such payment, provided
that if the Liquidation Funds are insufficient to pay the full amount due to the Holders and holders of shares of parity stock, then
each Holder and each holder of parity stock shall receive a percentage of the Liquidation Funds equal to the full amount of Liquidation
Funds payable to such Holder and such holder of parity stock as a liquidation preference, in accordance with their respective Certificate
of Designations (or equivalent), as a percentage of the full amount of Liquidation Funds payable to all holders of preferred shares and
all holders of shares of parity stock. 

In
addition, the Company will provide the holders of Series C Preferred Stock with notice of certain triggering events as defined in the
Series C Certificate of Designations (each a Triggering Event or if a holder of
Series C Preferred Stock may become aware of a Triggering Event as a result of which the holder
of Series C Preferred Stock may choose to convert the Series C Preferred Stock they hold into Conversion Shares at the Series
C Alternate Conversion Price for the Triggering Event Conversion Right Period (as defined in the Series C Certificate of Designations). 

Mandatory
Redemption on Bankruptcy Triggering Event 

Upon
any Bankruptcy Triggering Event, the Company shall immediately redeem, in cash, each share of Series C Preferred Stock then outstanding
at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) the product of (A) the Conversion Amount to be redeemed multiplied by (B) and
(ii) the product of (X) the Conversion Rate (calculated using the lowest Alternate Conversion Price during the period commencing on the
20th trading day immediately preceding such public announcement and ending on the date the Company makes the entire redemption payment
with respect to the Conversion Amount in effect immediately following the date of initial public announcement (or public filing of bankruptcy
documents, as applicable) of such Bankruptcy Triggering Event multiplied by (Y) the product of (1) multiplied by (2) the greatest
closing sale price of the common stock on any trading day during the period commencing on the date immediately preceding such Bankruptcy
Triggering Event and ending on the date the Company makes the entire redemption payment required to be made. 

Dividends 

Dividends
on the Series C Preferred Stock will accrue daily at a rate equal to per annum, increasing each 135 day anniversary from the
date of issuance and be payable by way of inclusion of the Dividends in the Conversion Amount on each Conversion Date in accordance with
an optional conversion or upon any redemption hereunder (including, without limitation, upon any required payment upon any Bankruptcy
Triggering Event). 

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation 

The
Series C Preferred Stock cannot be converted into common stock if the holder of Series C
Preferred Stock and its affiliates would beneficially own more than 
of the outstanding common stock. However, any holder of Series C Preferred Stock may
increase or decrease such percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 
upon notice to us, provided that any increase in this limitation will not be effective until 61 days after delivery of such notice
from the holder to us and such increase or decrease will apply only to the holder providing notice. 

Voting
Rights 

The
holders of the Series C Preferred Stock shall have no voting power and no right to vote on any matter at any time, either as a separate
series or class or together with any other series or class of shares of capital stock, and shall not be entitled to call a meeting of
such holders of Series C Preferred Stock for any purpose nor shall they be entitled to participate
in any meeting of the holders of common stock except as provided in the Series C Certificate of Designations or as otherwise required
by applicable law. To the extent that under applicable law, the vote of the holder of the Series C Preferred Stock, voting separately
as a class or series, as applicable, is required to authorize a given action of the Company, the affirmative vote or consent of the Investor
of the shares of the Series C Preferred Stock, voting together in the aggregate and not in separate series unless required under applicable
law, represented at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is presented or by written consent of the Investor (except as otherwise may
be required under the applicable law), voting together in the aggregate and not in separate series unless required under the applicable
law, shall constitute the approval of such action by both the class or the series, as applicable. Holders of the Series C Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to written notice of all shareholder meetings or written consents (and copies of proxy materials and other information
sent to shareholders) with respect to which they would be entitled to vote, which notice would be provided pursuant to the Bylaws and
the applicable law. 

Without
first obtaining the affirmative vote of the Holder, voting together as a single class, the Company shall not: (a) amend or repeal
any provision of, or add any provision to, its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, or file any Certificate of Designations or
articles of amendment of any series of shares of preferred stock, if such action would adversely alter or change in any respect the
preferences, rights, privileges or powers, or restrictions provided for the benefit of the Series C Preferred Stock hereunder,
regardless of whether any such action shall be by means of amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation or by merger, consolidation
or otherwise; (b) increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the authorized number of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock; (c)
create or authorize (by reclassification or otherwise) any new class or series of Senior Preferred Stock or Parity Stock; (d)
purchase, repurchase or redeem any shares of Junior Stock (other than pursuant to the terms of the Company s equity incentive
plans and options and other equity awards granted under such plans (that have in good faith been approved by the Board)); (e) pay
dividends or make any other distribution on any shares of any Junior Stock; (f) issue any preferred stock other than as contemplated
hereby or pursuant to the Exchange Agreement; or (g) whether or not prohibited by the terms of the Series C Preferred Stock,
circumvent a right of the Series C Preferred Stock under the Certificate of Series C Certificate of Designations. 

Other
Terms 

The
terms of the Series C Preferred Stock prohibit the Company from subsequent financings at a price below the Conversion Price, unless approved
by the holder of Series C Preferred Stock . 

The
Holder has the option to require the Company to use of the proceeds from any subsequent financing to redeem the Series C Preferred
Stock at the greater of (a) the Conversion Amount of such Subsequent Placement Optional Redemption Share being redeemed as of the Subsequent
Placement Optional Redemption Date and (b) solely if any Equity Conditions Failure (as defined in the Series C Certificate of Designations)
then exists, the product of (1) the Conversion Rate of an Alternate Conversion of such share being redeemed multiplied by (2) the greatest
closing sale price of the common stock on any trading day during the period commencing on the date immediately preceding such the date
of notice of the redemption and ending on the trading day immediately prior to the date the Company makes the entire payment required
to be made. 

The
 holder of Series C Preferred Stock may convert the Series C Preferred Stock into any subsequent
financing thereby receiving securities issued in such subsequent financing in exchange for cancellation of all or part of the Series
C Preferred Stock. 

The
Conversion price has been subsequently impacted by the August 2023 Settlement Agreement, dated August 15, 2023 and the October 2023
Settlement Agreement, dated October 6, 2023 (Note 21). 

Series
D Convertible Preferred Stock 

On
April 30, 2023, the Company entered into and on May 22, 2023 subsequently closed the Securities Purchase Agreement (the
 Series D SPA with the Holder. (the Series D Preferred Warrants), for a total gross proceeds to the
Company of before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of , for net proceeds of (the
 Series D Preferred Stock ). The Series D Preferred Stock was recorded using an allocated fair value basis with
 being recorded for the Series D Preferred Stock and recorded
for the Series D Preferred Warrants within Series D Convertible Preferred Stock on the consolidated balance sheet, with the balance of being allocated to the Series D Common Warrants and being recorded in additional paid in
capital of the consolidated balance sheet. The Company obtained the fair value of the Series D Preferred Stock using a risk adjusted Monte Carlo valuation model analysis with the following assumptions: 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Discount rate 

Stock price 

The
Series D Preferred Warrants were valued by subtracting the stated value of the Series D Preferred Stock from the fair value of the Series
D Preferred Stock on May 22, 2023, 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 
 - 
 
 Conversion / exercise price 

Issuances
of shares of common stock upon conversion of the Series D Preferred Stock and Common Warrants in excess of of the Company s
outstanding shares of common stock would require approval by the Company s stockholders pursuant to the rules and regulations of
the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

The
terms and provisions of the Series D Preferred Stock were set forth in a Series D Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate
of Designations (the Series D Certificate of Designations ), filed and effective with the Secretary of State of the State
of Nevada in connection with the closing on May 22, 2023. 

Ranking 

The
Series D Preferred Stock, with respect to the payment of dividends, distributions and payments upon the liquidation, dissolution and
winding up of the Company, ranks equal to the 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and the Series C Preferred Stock and is senior to all common stock of the Company unless the Investor consents to the creation of other capital stock
of the Company that is senior or equal in rank to the Series D Preferred Stock. 

Adjustments 

In
the event that the Company grants, issues or sells (or enters into any agreement to grant, issue or sell), or is deemed to have granted,
issued or sold, any shares of common stock, but excluding certain excluded issuances as described in the Series D Certificate of Designation,
for a consideration per share (the New Issuance Price less than a price equal to the Conversion Price in effect immediately
prior to such granting, issuance or sale or deemed granting, issuance or sale (the foregoing a Dilutive Issuance ), then,
immediately after such Dilutive Issuance, the Conversion Price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal to the New Issuance
Price, subject to certain exceptions described in the Series D Certificate of Designations. 

If
the Company effects any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization or otherwise or any combination, reverse stock split or otherwise
then in each such case the calculations with respect to the Conversion Price and similar terms shall be adjusted accordingly, all as
more fully described in the Series D Certificate of Designations. If there occurs any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination
recapitalization or other similar transaction involving the common stock (each, a Stock Combination Event , and such date
thereof, the Stock Combination Event Date and the Event Market Price (as defined below) is less than the Conversion Price
then in effect (after giving effect to the automatic adjustment above), then on the sixteenth (16th) trading day immediately following
such Stock Combination Event Date, the Conversion Price then in effect on such sixteenth (16th) trading day (after giving effect to the
automatic adjustment above) shall be reduced to the Event Market Price. Event Market Price means, with respect to any Stock
Combination Event Date, of the quotient determined by dividing (x) the sum of the VWAP (as defined in the Series D Certificate of
Designation) of the common stock for each of the three (3) lowest trading days during the twenty (20) consecutive trading day period
ending and including the trading day immediately preceding the sixteenth (16th) trading day after such Stock Combination Event Date,
divided by (y) three (3). 

Purchase
Rights 

If
at any time the Company grants, issues or sells any options, convertible securities, or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities
or other property pro rata to all or substantially all of the record holders of any class of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights ),
then each holder of Series D Preferred Stock will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate
Purchase Rights which such holder of Series D Preferred Stock could have acquired if such holder of Series D Preferred Stock had held
the number of shares of common stock acquirable upon complete conversion of all the Series D Preferred Stock held by such holder of Series
D Preferred Stock immediately prior to the date as of which the record holders of shares of common stock are to be determined for the
grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights; subject to certain limitations on beneficial ownership. 

Conversion 

The
Series D Certificate of Designations contemplates that the Series D Preferred Stock will be convertible into common stock (the
 Conversion Shares at the option of the holder of Series D Preferred Stock at any time from time to time after the
date of issuance thereof. The number of Conversion Shares issuable upon conversion of any share of Series D Preferred Stock shall be
determined by dividing (x) the Conversion Amount (as defined below) of a share of Series D Preferred Stock by (y) the lower of
(i) the Conversion Price (as defined below); and (ii) the Alternate Conversion Price (as defined below), subject to the Floor Price
(as defined below). Conversion Amount shall mean, with respect to each share of Series D Preferred Stock, the sum of
(A) 
per share Floor
Price shall mean . 

Liquidation 

In
the event of a liquidation, the holders of Series D Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive in cash out of the assets of the Company,
whether from capital or from earnings available for distribution to its shareholders (the Liquidation Funds ), before any
amount shall be paid to the holders of any of shares of common stock or other junior stock, but pari passu with any parity stock then
outstanding, such as the Series A Preferred Stock, an amount per preferred share equal to the greater of (A) of the Conversion Amount
of such preferred share on the date of such payment and (B) the amount per share such Holder would receive if such Holder converted such
preferred share into common stock (at the Alternate Conversion Price then in effect) immediately prior to the date of such payment, provided
that if the Liquidation Funds are insufficient to pay the full amount due to the Holders and holders of shares of parity stock, then
each Holder and each holder of parity stock shall receive a percentage of the Liquidation Funds equal to the full amount of Liquidation
Funds payable to such Holder and such holder of parity stock as a liquidation preference, in accordance with their respective Certificate
of Designations (or equivalent), as a percentage of the full amount of Liquidation Funds payable to all holders of preferred shares and
all holders of shares of parity stock. 

In
addition, the Company will provide the holders of Series D Preferred Stock with notice of certain triggering events as defined in the
Series D Certificate of Designations (each a Triggering Event or if a holder of
Series D Preferred Stock may become aware of a Triggering Event as a result of which the holder
of Series D Preferred Stock may choose to convert the Series D Preferred Stock they hold into Conversion Shares at the Series
D Alternate Conversion Price for the Triggering Event Conversion Right Period (as defined in the Series D Certificate of Designations). 

Mandatory
Redemption on Bankruptcy Triggering Event 

Upon
any Bankruptcy Triggering Event, the Company shall immediately redeem, in cash, each share of Series D Preferred Stock then outstanding
at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) the product of (A) the Conversion Amount to be redeemed multiplied by (B) and
(ii) the product of (X) the Conversion Rate (calculated using the lowest Alternate Conversion Price during the period commencing on the
20th trading day immediately preceding such public announcement and ending on the date the Company makes the entire redemption payment
with respect to the Conversion Amount in effect immediately following the date of initial public announcement (or public filing of bankruptcy
documents, as applicable) of such Bankruptcy Triggering Event multiplied by (Y) the product of (1) multiplied by (2) the greatest
closing sale price of the common stock on any trading day during the period commencing on the date immediately preceding such Bankruptcy
Triggering Event and ending on the date the Company makes the entire redemption payment required to be made. 

Dividends 

Dividends
on the Series D Preferred Stock will accrue daily at a rate equal to per annum, increasing each 135 day anniversary from the
date of issuance and be payable by way of inclusion of the Dividends in the Conversion Amount on each Conversion Date in accordance with
an optional conversion or upon any redemption hereunder (including, without limitation, upon any required payment upon any Bankruptcy
Triggering Event). 

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation 

The
Series D Preferred Stock cannot be converted into common stock if the holder of Series D
Preferred Stock and its affiliates would beneficially own more than 
of the outstanding common stock. However, any holder of Series D Preferred Stock may
increase or decrease such percentage to any other percentage not in excess of 
upon notice to us, provided that any increase in this limitation will not be effective until 61 days after delivery of such notice
from the holder to us and such increase or decrease will apply only to the holder providing notice. 

Voting
Rights 

The
holders of the Series D Preferred Stock shall have no voting power and no right to vote on any matter at any time, either as a separate
series or class or together with any other series or class of share of capital stock, and shall not be entitled to call a meeting of
such holders of Series D Preferred Stock for any purpose nor shall they be entitled to participate
in any meeting of the holders of common stock except as provided in the Series D Certificate of Designations or as otherwise required
by applicable law. To the extent that under applicable law, the vote of the holder of the Series D Preferred Stock, voting separately
as a class or series, as applicable, is required to authorize a given action of the Company, the affirmative vote or consent of the Investor
of the shares of the Series D Preferred Stock, voting together in the aggregate and not in separate series unless required under applicable
law, represented at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is presented or by written consent of the Investor (except as otherwise may
be required under the applicable law), voting together in the aggregate and not in separate series unless required under the applicable
law, shall constitute the approval of such action by both the class or the series, as applicable. Holders of the Series D Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to written notice of all shareholder meetings or written consents (and copies of proxy materials and other information
sent to shareholders) with respect to which they would be entitled to vote, which notice would be provided pursuant to the Bylaws and
the applicable law. 

Without
first obtaining the affirmative vote of the Holder, voting together as a single class, the Company shall not: (a) amend or repeal
any provision of, or add any provision to, its Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, or file any Certificate of Designations or
articles of amendment of any series of shares of preferred stock, if such action would adversely alter or change in any respect the
preferences, rights, privileges or powers, or restrictions provided for the benefit of the Series D Preferred Stock hereunder,
regardless of whether any such action shall be by means of amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation or by merger, consolidation
or otherwise; (b) increase or decrease (other than by conversion) the authorized number of Series D Preferred Stock; (c) create or
authorize (by reclassification or otherwise) any new class or series of Senior Preferred Stock or Parity Stock; (d) purchase,
repurchase or redeem any shares of Junior Stock (other than pursuant to the terms of the Company s equity incentive plans and
options and other equity awards granted under such plans (that have in good faith been approved by the Board)); (e) pay dividends or
make any other distribution on any shares of any Junior Stock; (f) issue any preferred stock other than as contemplated thereby or
pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement; or (g) whether or not prohibited by
the terms of the Series D Preferred Stock, circumvent a right of the Series D Preferred Stock under the Series D Certificate of
Designations. 

Other
Terms 

The
terms of the Series D Preferred Stock prohibit the Company from subsequent financings at a price below the Conversion Price, unless approved
by the holder of Series D Preferred Stock . 

The
Holder has the option to require the Company to use of the proceeds from any subsequent financing to redeem the Series D Preferred
Stock at the greater of (a) the Conversion Amount of such Subsequent Placement Optional Redemption Share being redeemed as of the Subsequent
Placement Optional Redemption Date and (b) solely if any Equity Conditions Failure (as defined in the Series D Certificate of Designations)
then exists, the product of (1) the Conversion Rate of an Alternate Conversion of such share being redeemed multiplied by (2) the greatest
closing sale price of the common stock on any trading day during the period commencing on the date immediately preceding such the date
of notice of the redemption and ending on the trading day immediately prior to the date the Company makes the entire payment required
to be made. 

The
 holder of Series D Preferred Stock may convert the Series D Preferred Stock into any subsequent
financing thereby receiving securities issued in such subsequent financing in exchange for cancellation of all or part of the Series
D Preferred Stock. 

The Conversion price has been subsequently impacted by the August 2023 Settlement Agreement, dated August 15, 2023
and the October 2023 Settlement Agreement, dated October 6, 2023. 

Common
Warrants and Preferred Warrants 

The
Series D Common Warrants and Series D Preferred Warrants expire in . The Series D Common Warrants have a cashless exercise provision. The exercise of the Common Warrants are subject to a
beneficial ownership limitation for the Holder of ,
which may be increased to 
provided that the increase will not be effective until the 61st day after delivery of a notice to the Company. 

If
and when the Series D Preferred Warrants are exercised, pursuant to the terms of the Series D Common Warrants, the number of shares
of common stock that will be issuable under the Series D Common Warrants will increase by an amount equal to the aggregate value of
the shares of Series D Preferred Stock (including any dividends or other amounts thereon) divided by the Alternate Conversion Price
(as defined in the Certificate of Designations for the Series D Preferred Stock). The Series D Common Warrants and Series D
Preferred Warrants contain customary anti-dilution protection for the Holder and anti-dilution protection in the event of certain
dilutive issuances. In addition, the Common Warrants provide the Holder with certain purchase rights in subsequent issuances or
sales of securities by the Company. 

Registration
Right Agreement 

Pursuant
to a Registration Rights Agreement (the Series D RRA between the Holder and the Company, the Company intends to grant
certain registration rights to the Investor. The Series D SPA requires the Company to file a registration statement covering the
resale of the shares of Common Stock underlying the shares of Series D Preferred Stock to be issued in the offering and the shares
of common stock issued upon exercise of the Common Warrants. The Series D SPA also covers the conversion of any shares of Series D
Preferred Stock issued upon exercise of the Preferred Warrants. The Company was required to file the registration statement within
60 days from the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Series D SPA and cause the registration statement to be declared
effective within 120 days after the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Securities Purchase Agreement. The Series D SPA
contains mutual customary indemnification provisions among the parties and requires the Company to make certain cash payments in
connection with the delay in the filing of a registration statement for the purpose of registering the resale of the common stock
issuable under the Holder s Series D Preferred Stock and common warrants, despite the Company s best efforts. As of
October 12, 2023, one business day preceding this filing, the Company was obligated to pay to the Holder RRA Fees of approximately
 
(subject to increase with respect to any additional RRA Fees that may accrue, from time to time, under the Series D RRA, and subject
to decrease in accordance with the settlement agreement, dated August 15, 2023, and the settlement agreement dated October 6, 2023,
as described in Note 21). 

() 
 
 Gain on sale of business 

- 

Other non-operating loss 

() 

() 
 
 Total 

() 

() 

On
June 10, 2022, the Company entered into and consummated the transaction contemplated by that certain asset purchase agreement by and
between the Company and SCV CAPITAL, LLC (the Buyer pursuant to which the Buyer agreed to acquire from the Company the
Helix assets related to the Company s ownership and operation of Helix Game Centers. The total purchase price for the Helix Game
Centers was approximately , with the purchase price being primarily attributable to the Buyer s assumption of certain
liabilities related to the Helix Game Centers, including leases and sponsorship liabilities. The gain on sale of was driven
by the amounts of liabilities assumed by the Buyer. Other non-operating loss for the year ended June 30, 2022 includes the amount the
Company agreed to pay the Holder of the Old Senior Convertible Note of under the terms of a registration rights agreement
(see Note 12). 

Liability for the September
 Warrants (Note 12) 

Liability for the Series A Warrants (Note 12) 

The
contingent consideration was settled on February 24, 2023, as part of the disposal of the Bethard Business (Note 3 and Note 17) and the
derivative liability on Senior Convertible Note was eliminated on the April 28, 2023, on the conversion of the Senior Convertible Note
to the Series C Preferred Stock (Note 16). 

June
 30, 2022 

Total 

Level
 1 

Level
 2 

Level
 3 

Contingent consideration (Note
 3) 

Liability for the March 2022 Warrants (Note
 12) 

Liability for the Series A and Series B
 Warrants (Note 12) 

Derivative liability on Senior Convertible
 Note (Note 12) 

Change in fair value of Series A and Series
 B Warrants issued with Senior Convertible Note (Note 12) 

() 

Fair value of contingent consideration for
 Bethard at acquisition (Note 3) 

Payments of Bethard contingent consideration 

() 

Change in fair value of Bethard contingent
 consideration liability (Note 3) 

() 

Fair value of derivative liability on Senior
 Convertible Note (Note 12) 

Change in the fair value
 of the derivative liability on Senior Convertible Note (Note 12) 

() 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2022 

Fair value of the September 2022 Warrants (Note 12) 

Change in fair value of September 2022 Warrants
 (Note 12) 

() 

Change in fair value of Series A and Series
 B Warrants issued with Senior Convertible Note (Note 12) 

() 

Change in fair value of Bethard contingent consideration liability (Note 3) 

2,864,551 

Elimination of Bethard contingent
 consideration liability on sale of Bethard (Note 3) 

() 

Change in the fair value
 of the derivative liability on Senior Convertible Note (Note 12) 

() 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

- 

- 

Conversion / exercise price 

The
March 2022 Warrants were classified as Level 1 as they are publicly traded. They are callable by the Company if certain criteria are
met (Note 12). The March 2022 Warrants outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022 were valued using the following assumptions: 

June
 30, 2023 

June
 30, 2022 

Contractual term, in years 

Active market 

Market price 

The
Series A outstanding at June 30, 2023 and the Series A and Series B outstanding at June 30, 2022 were valued using a Monte Carlo valuation
model with the following assumptions: 

June
 30, 2023 

June
 30, 2022 

Contractual term, in years 

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Conversion / exercise price 

The
Series B expired on June 2, 2023. 

The
derivative liability on Senior Convertible Note was eliminated on the April 28, 2023, on the conversion of the Senior Convertible Note
to the Series C Preferred Stock (Note 12). The value of the derivative liability on the Senior Convertible Note at June 30, 2022 was
valued using a nonperformance risk adjusted Monte Carlo valuation model with the following assumptions: 

June
 30, 2022 

Contractual term, in years 

Expected volatility 

De-leveraged volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Dividend yield 

Conversion / exercise price 

The
fair value of a derivative instrument in a liability position included measures of the Company s nonperformance risk. 

() 

An
amount of was recognized as a gain offsetting the loss on extinguishment of senior convertible note recorded in the statement
of operations related to the derivate liability. 

Assets
Measured on a Nonrecurring Basis 

Assets
that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis are remeasured when carrying value exceeds fair value. This includes the evaluation
of long-lived assets, goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment. The Company s estimates of fair value required it to
use significant unobservable inputs, representative of Level 3 fair value measurements, including numerous assumptions with respect to
future circumstances that might directly impact each of the relevant asset groups operations in the future and are therefore uncertain. 

The
Company assesses the carrying amount of long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment at least annually or when
triggering events occur. The Company assesses the fair value of goodwill using the income approach. Inputs used to calculate the
fair value based on the income approach primarily include estimated future cash flows, discounted at a rate that approximates the
cost of capital of a market participant. 

The
Company uses undiscounted future cash flows of the asset or asset group for equipment and intangible assets. The
Company estimated the fair value when conducting the long-lived asset impairment tests primarily using an income approach and used a
variety of unobservable inputs and underlying assumptions consistent with those discussed above for purposes of the Company s goodwill
impairment test. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company recognized asset impairment charges to the goodwill of the iGaming Malta
reporting unit in the EEG iGaming segment, and GGC reporting unit in the EEG Games segment (See Note 7). 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company recognized asset impairment charges to the goodwill and long-lived assets of the iGaming Argyll
(UK) reporting unit in the EEG iGaming segment, EGL, GGC and Helix reporting units in the EEG Games segment (See Notes 6, 7 and 11). 

() 
 
 International 

() 

() 
 
 Total loss before income taxes 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Total current 

() 
 
 Deferred: 

Federal 

- 

() 
 
 State 

- 

- 

Foreign 

- 

- 

Total deferred 

- 

() 
 
 Income tax provision (benefit) 

() 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company recorded no material current taxes, remained in a cumulative loss position in all jurisdictions,
and maintained a full valuation allowance position against any deferred tax assets in the jurisdictions it operated in, thus recording
no deferred tax benefits or expenses. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company recorded a deferred tax liability in connection
with its acquisitions of Bethard. This acquisition impacted the Company s estimate of realizability of its deferred tax assets
and resulted in a reduction of the Company s valuation allowance of during the year ended June 30, 2022. 

The
reconciliation of the expected tax expense (benefit) based on U.S. federal statutory rate of with the actual expense follows: 

() 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 

Disposals of subsidiaries 

- 

State income taxes 

() 

Foreign tax rate and other foreign tax 

() 

() 
 
 Extinguishment of senior convertible note 

Non-deductible warrant revaluations 

() 

() 
 
 Non-deductible revaluation of contingent
 consideration 

() 

Acquisition costs 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

() 

Nonqualified stock options 

Depreciation and amortization 

- 

Other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Acquired intangible
 assets 

() 

() 
 
 Net deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities, net 

- 

- 

The
Company has net deferred tax assets of at June 30, 2023 and at June 30, 2022 for which there is a full valuation
allowance. The Company determined that it would not be able to realize the remaining deferred tax assets in the future. The need to maintain
a valuation allowance against the Company s deferred tax assets may cause greater volatility to our effective tax rate. 

At
June 30, 2023, the Company had estimated federal net operating loss carry forwards of that may be offset against future taxable
income subject to limitation under IRC Section 382. At June 30, 2023, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards related to its
foreign operations in Malta of that do not expire. The Company determined that a full valuation allowance will be recorded
against the net operating loss deferred tax assets. 

During
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded income tax expense of and income tax benefit of , respectively.
The benefit for the year ended June 30, 2022, is attributable primarily to non-recurring partial releases of the Company s U.S.
valuation allowance as a result of purchase price accounting. 

The Company applied the
 more-likely-than-not recognition threshold to all tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return, which
resulted in no unrecognized tax benefits as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. The Company regularly evaluates the
realizability of its deferred tax assets and establishes a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that some or all of the
deferred tax assets will not be realized. 

EEG Games segment 

Total 

Adjusted EBITDA 

EEG iGaming segment 

() 

() 
 
 EEG Games segment 

() 

() 
 
 Other (1) 

() 

() 
 
 Total
 Adjusted EBITDA 

() 

() 

Adjusted
 for: 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

Loss on sale of businesses, net 

() 

- 

Gain on termination of lease 

- 

Loss on conversion of senior convertible note 

- 

() 
 
 Loss on extinguishment of senior convertible
 note 

() 

() 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liability 

() 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

() 

Other non-operating income (loss), net 

() 

() 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 
 
 Right of use asset amortization 

() 

() 
 
 Asset impairment charges 

() 

() 
 
 Stock-based Compensation 

() 

() 
 
 Cost of acquisition 

() 

() 
 
 Income tax (expense) benefit 

() 

Net
 loss 

() 

() 

(1) 

(2) 
 The
 Company has no intersegment revenues or costs and thus no eliminations required. 
 
 (3) 
 The
 Company defines Adjusted EBITDA as earnings (loss) before, as applicable to the particular period, interest expense; income taxes;
 depreciation and amortization, including right of use asset amortization; stock-based compensation; cost of acquisition; asset impairment
 charges; loss on extinguishment of senior convertible note; loss on conversion of senior convertible note; change in fair value of
 derivative liability; change in fair value of warrant liability; change in fair value of contingent consideration; and other non-operating
 income (loss), net, and certain other non-recurring, non-cash or non-core items (included in table above). 

(subject to increase with
respect to any additional RRA Fees that may accrue, from time to time, under the Registration Rights Agreement (and subject to decrease
in accordance with the October 2023 Settlement Agreement as described below). On September 30, 2023, the August 2023 Settlement Agreement
(see below) expired pursuant to its terms. 

The
Company agreed to issue an additional 
shares at 
per share Continued Settlement Price Per Share in partial settlement of RRA Fees. The Company further agreed to
settle an additional 
(or such other amount as the parties shall mutually agree) on each seven day anniversary of the October 2023 Settlement Agreement
(or another date mutually agreed between the parties), until 
of the lowest Volume-weighted average price VWAP per share of the common stock during the ten consecutive trading
day period ending and including the trading day immediately preceding the additional share settlement, and (2) the Continued
Settlement Price Per Share. As part of the settlement, the Holder also agreed to continue to waive, in part, applicable antidilution
provisions within the Certificates of Designations governing the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock such that the
issuances of any settlement shares in accordance with the October 2023 Settlement Agreement shall not result in a Conversion Price
for the applicable Conversion Amount (as such terms are defined in the Certificates of Designations governing the Series C Preferred
Stock and Series D Preferred Stock) subject to such conversion less than the lesser of (A) the Conversion Price then in effect
(without giving effect to any adjustments to the Conversion Price arising solely as a result of the issuances of the settlement
shares under the October 2023 Settlement Agreement) and (B) the greater of (x) the Conversion Price then in effect (after giving
effect to all adjustments to the Conversion Price (including, without limitation, such adjustments arising as a result of the
issuances of the settlement shares under the October 2023 Settlement Agreement)) and (y) 
of the lowest VWAP of the common stock during the ten consecutive trading day period ending and including such applicable conversion
date under the terms of the Series C Preferred Stock or Series D Preferred Stock, as applicable. 

The
October 2023 Settlement Agreement further provides that, notwithstanding anything in the applicable Series C Certificate of Designations
for the Series C Preferred Stock or Series D Certificate of Designations for the Series D Preferred Stock to the contrary, with respect
to any given conversion of any Series C Preferred Stock or Series D Preferred Stock, to the extent such Conversion Price, as so adjusted,
is greater than of the lowest VWAP of the common stock during the ten (10) consecutive trading day period ending and including the
trading day of the applicable conversion notice, a Conversion Floor Price Condition (as defined in the Certificates of Designations governing
the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock) shall be deemed to have occurred with respect to such conversion of the Series
C Preferred Stock or Series D Preferred Stock, as applicable. 

As part of the October 2023 Settlement Agreement, the Company triggered the anti-dilution down round price protection provisions of the
Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock that allows for the conversion at the conversion price described above. Due to the
down round price protection provision on the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock, the Company recorded a deemed dividend
within stockholders equity associated with the reduction in conversion price in effect prior to the October 2023 Settlement Agreement
from for both the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock to the conversion price as defined above, of approximately
 based on the incremental value to the Holder due to the conversion price reduction. This incremental value will be presented
on the consolidated statement of operations as an addition to the net loss available to common stockholders in the year ending June 30,
2024. The incremental value was determined by computing the additional shares the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock
that would be received based on the conversion price reduction multiplied by the estimated fair value of common stock of as of
October 6, 2023. 

Partial
Waiver of Subsequent Placement Optional Redemption of Preferred Shares 

The
Company also entered into a waiver agreement October 2023 Waiver on October 6, 2023, with the Holder, as a condition to access any net proceeds
from the future sale of shares of common stock under the Company s previously announced at the market (or ATM equity offering program pursuant to a prospectus supplement that was filed with the SEC on September 15, 2023. The Holder agreed to partially
waive its rights to ATM proceeds under the terms of a Subsequent Placement Optional Redemption, as defined in each of the Series C Certificate
of Designations and Series D Certificate of Designations, but only with respect to sales under the ATM equity offering program ATM
Sales and not with respect to any other future Subsequent Placement (as defined in each of the Series C Certificate of Designations
and Series D Certificate of Designations) and, further, only to the extent of a waiver that provide that of the net proceeds from
ATM Sales (after deducting the agent s commissions pursuant to the at the market offering and other reasonable and
customary offering expenses) be retained by the Company and the remaining of the net proceeds from ATM Sales be used by the Company
to redeem first, the outstanding shares of Series D Preferred Stock and second, the outstanding shares of Series C Preferred Stock Redemption
Proceeds ), unless the Holder elects to change such allocations (or waive such redemption, in whole or in part, with respect to
one or more ATM Sales) as evidenced by a written notice to the Company Subsequent Placement Limited Waiver ). Concurrent
with the execution of the October 2023 Settlement Agreement, the Company executed an escrow agreement Escrow Agreement with an independent third-party escrow agent Escrow Agent ), pursuant to which Redemption Proceeds received from each closing
of ATM Sales shall be promptly deposited into a non-interest bearing escrow account Escrow Account and disbursed to the
Holder under the terms and conditions contained in the September Settlement Agreement and the Escrow Agreement. 

Equity
Distribution Agreement 

On
September 15, 2023, the Company entered into the Equity Distribution Agreement with Maxim Group under which the Company may offer and
sell, from time to time at its sole discretion, shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, with aggregate
gross sales proceeds of up to through an at the market equity offering program under which Maxim Group will
act as sales agent. 

Under
the Equity Distribution Agreement, the Company will set the parameters for the sale of shares, including the number of shares to be issued,
the time period during which sales are requested to be made, limitations on the number of shares that may be sold in any one trading
day and any minimum price below which sales may not be made. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Equity Distribution Agreement,
Maxim Group may sell the shares by methods deemed to be an at the market offering as defined in Rule 415 promulgated under
the Securities Act, including by means of ordinary brokers transactions at market prices, in block transactions or as otherwise
agreed by Maxim and us. 

The
Equity Distribution Agreement provides that Maxim Group will be entitled to compensation for its services equal to 3.0 of the gross
proceeds of any shares of common stock sold through Maxim Group under the Equity Distribution Agreement. The Company has no obligation
to sell any shares under the Equity Distribution Agreement, and may at any time suspend solicitation and offers under the Equity Distribution
Agreement. 

The
shares will be issued pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-252370) and its registration
on Form S-3 MEF (File No. 333-274542). The Company filed a prospectus supplement, dated September 15, 2023 with the SEC in connection
with the offer and sale of the shares pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement (the Prospectus Supplement ). 

The
Holder of the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock has the option to require the Company
to use up to of the gross proceeds to redeem the outstanding Series C Preferred Stock and of the gross proceeds to
redeem the Series D Preferred Stock (together the Holder s Redemption Amounts ), and, as a result would
use up all remaining proceeds unless waived by the Holder. The Company will not proceed with the at the market offering
unless the Holder s Redemption Amounts are fully or partially waived. The Company intends to use any remaining net proceeds of
this offering for working capital and general corporate purposes to support ongoing business operations. As described below the Company obtained a waiver dated September 15, 2023. 

The
Equity Distribution Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and agreements of the Company and customary conditions to
completing future sale transactions, indemnification rights and obligations of the parties and termination provisions. 

As
part of the filing of the Equity Distribution Agreement, the Company entered into the Waiver on September 15, 2023, with the Holder of
the Series C Preferred Stock and the Series D Preferred Stock, as a condition to filing the registration statement on Form S-3 MEF on
September 15, 2023 and the prospectus supplement on September 15, 2023 for the at the market offering. The Waiver allowed
the Company to proceed with the initial filing of such registration statement and prospectus supplement with the SEC and not with respect
to (x) any subsequent amendment or supplement thereto, (y) the issuance and sale of any of the Company s securities contemplated
by thereby or (z) any future Subsequent Placement (as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 30, 2023, among the Company
and the buyers named therein). As discussed above the Company obtained a partial waiver of the Holder s Redemption Amounts, and
from October 10, 2023 through October 12, 2023 the Company had ATM Sales of approximately 
 for 
 shares common stock with 
of the ATM Sales, after placement agent fees, to be held in escrow for the Holder. 

August
2023 Settlement Agreement 

On
August 15, 2023, the Company entered into a settlement agreement August 2023 Settlement Agreement with the Holder to
issue common stock in partial settlement of RRA Fees by the Company under the Series D RRA, in connection with a delay in the filing
of a registration statement for the purpose of registering the resale of the common stock issuable under the Holder s Series D
Preferred Stock and common warrants, despite the Company s best efforts to avoid such delay. 

As of August 15, 2023, the Company was obligated to pay to the Holder RRA Fees of (subject to increase
with respect to any additional RRA Fees that may accrue, from time to time, under the Series D RRA, and subject to decrease in accordance
with the August 2023 Settlement Agreement as described below). 

The
Company agreed to initially issue 
shares at 
per share Initial Settlement Price Per Share in partial settlement of RRA Fees. The Company further agreed to settle
an additional 
(or such other amount as the parties shall mutually agree) on each seven day anniversary of the initial settlement (or another date
mutually agreed between the parties), to satisfy up to the remaining balance of the RRA Fees at a price per share equal to the lower
of (1) 
of the lowest VWAP per share of the Common Stock during the ten consecutive trading day period ending and including the trading day
immediately preceding the additional share settlement, and (2) the Initial Settlement Price Per Share. As part of the settlement,
the Holder also agreed to waive, in part, applicable antidilution provisions within the Certificates of Designations governing the
Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock such that the issuances of any settlement shares in accordance with the August
2023 Settlement Agreement shall not result in a conversion price for the applicable conversion amount (as such terms are defined in
the Certificates of Designations governing the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock) subject to such conversion
less than the lesser of (A) the conversion price then in effect (without giving effect to any adjustments to the conversion price
arising solely as a result of the issuances of the settlement shares under the August 2023 Settlement Agreement) and (B) the greater
of (x) the conversion price then in effect (after giving effect to all adjustments to the conversion price (including, without
limitation, such adjustments arising as a result of the issuances of the settlement shares under the August 2023 Settlement
Agreement)) and (y) 
of the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock during the ten consecutive trading day period ending and including such applicable conversion
date under the terms of the Series C Preferred Stock or Series D Preferred Stock, as applicable. 

The
August 2023 Settlement Agreement further provides that, notwithstanding anything in the applicable Certificate of Designations for
the Series C Preferred Stock or Certificate of Designations for the Series D Preferred Stock to the contrary, with respect to any
given conversion of any Series C Preferred Stock or Series D Preferred Stock, to the extent such conversion price, as so adjusted,
is greater than 
of the lowest VWAP of the Common Stock during the ten consecutive trading day period ending and including the trading day of the
applicable conversion notice, a conversion floor price condition (as defined in the Certificates of Designations governing the
Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock) shall be deemed to have occurred with respect to such conversion of the
Series C Preferred Stock or Series D Preferred Stock, as applicable. 

As part of the August 2023 Settlement Agreement,
the Company triggered the anti-dilution down round price protection provisions of the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D
Preferred Stock that allows for the conversion at the conversion price described above. Due to the down round price protection
provision on the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock, the Company recorded a deemed dividend within
stockholders equity associated with the reduction in conversion price in effect prior to the August 2023 Settlement Agreement
from 
for the Series C Preferred Stock and 
Series D Preferred Stock to the conversion price as defined above, of approximately 
based on the incremental value to the Holder due to the conversion price reduction. This incremental value will be presented on the
consolidated statement of operations as an addition to the net loss available to common stockholders in the year ending June 30,
2024. The incremental value was determined by computing the additional shares the Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred
Stock that would be received based on the conversion price reduction multiplied by the estimated fair value of common stock of
 as of August 15, 2023. 

August
2023 Registered Direct Offering 

On
August 15, 2023, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement the Holder of our Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred
Stock (the RD SPA ). The RD SPA relates to an offering of (a) shares of our common stock, par value per
share, for a price of per share, directly to the Holder and (b) pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of our common
stock at a price of per warrant, directly to such Holder (the RD Pre-funded Warrants ), with all but per
warrant prepaid to the Company at the closing of the offering. The RD Pre-funded warrants are exercisable immediately upon issuance.
The exercise price of each RD Pre-funded Warrant is per share of common stock. The offering closed on August 15, 2023. 

The
Pre-funded Warrants were all subsequently exercised on August 16, 2023. 

The
RD SPA included the Holder waiving its rights to require the Company to cause a Subsequent Placement Optional Redemption (as defined
in each of the Certificate of Designations governing the Series C Preferred Stock and Certificate of Designations governing
the Series D Preferred Stock) using the gross proceeds from the sale of the shares of common stock and Warrants (including
from the exercise thereof) and its rights to participate in an Eligible Subsequent Placement (as defined in each of the Certificate of
Designations governing the Series C Preferred Stock and Certificate of Designations governing the Series D Preferred
Stock) pursuant to Section 7(b) of the Certificate of Designations governing the Series C Preferred Stock and Section 7(b)
of the Certificate of Designations governing the Series D Preferred Stock, but only with respect to the offering and sale
of the Securities contemplated by the RD SPA. As a result, the Company did not make any payments from the gross proceeds to the Holder. 

The
gross proceeds from the issuance and sale of the shares of common stock and RD Pre-funded Warrants, were approximately , before
deducting the estimated offering expenses payable by us. The Company completed the offering without a placement agent and no placement
agent fees were payable. The Company had broad discretion in the use of the remaining net proceeds, including for working capital and
general corporate purposes to support ongoing business operations. 

Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock Conversions 

From July 1, 2023, though October 12, 2023, one business day preceding this filing, the Holder
exchanged in Series C Preferred Stock for shares of our common stock at conversion prices equal to of the lowest VWAP (as
defined in the Senior Convertible Note) of our common stock for a trading day during the ten consecutive trading day period ending, and
including, the applicable date that the conversion price was lowered for purposes of a conversion, or the floor price then in effect,
offset by the aggregate Alternate Conversion Floor Amount of and accrued dividends of . There were no conversions of
the Series D Preferred Stock and no other amounts are due under the Series D Preferred Stock, other than the RRA Fees. 

Under
the Settlement Agreements, dated August 15, 2023 and October 6, 2023, between the Company and the Holder, in the event that the conversion price then
in effect, as may be adjusted under the Settlement Agreements, is greater than 
of the lowest VWAP of the common stock during the ten consecutive trading day period ending and including the trading day of an
applicable conversion notice, the accrued and unpaid dividends on the outstanding shares of preferred stock shall automatically
increase, pro rata, by the applicable Alternate Conversion Floor Amount (as defined in the Series C Certificate of Designations and
Series D Certificate of Designations) or, at the Company s option, the Company shall deliver the applicable Alternate
Conversion Floor Amount to the holder on the applicable date of conversion. Related to these conversions, we have increased such
dividends by an aggregate of , as noted above,
to the holder of the Series C Preferred Stock. No such amounts are due under the Series D Preferred Stock. 

The
Company s shares of common stock issued in connection with the Conversions were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act ), and were issued to an existing Holder of the Company s securities without commission
or additional consideration in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act. 

Following
the recent Conversions, approximately 
 in aggregate amount of the Series C Preferred Stock remains outstanding.
As of October 12, 2023, one business day preceding this filing, there were 
 shares of common stock, par value 
 issued and outstanding. The Company intends to continue to effect
additional equity conversions under the same terms in the foreseeable future. 

F- 55 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Esports
 Entertainment Group, Inc. 

Date:
 October 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Alex Igelman 

Alex
 Igelman 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Alex Igelman 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 October
 13, 2023 
 
 Alex
 Igelman 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Michael Villani 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 October
 13, 2023 
 
 Michael
 Villani 
 
 (Principal
Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Damian Mathews 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer Director 
 
 October
 13, 2023 
 
 Damian
 Mathews 
 
 (Principal
Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Jan Jones Blackhurst 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 13, 2023 
 
 Jan
 Jones Blackhurst 

/s/
 Chul Woong Lim 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 13, 2023 
 
 Chul
 Woong Lim 

/s/
 Alan Alden 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 13, 2023 
 
 Alan
 Alden 

/s/
 Robert Soper 
 
 Director 
 
 October
 13, 2023 
 
 Robert
 Soper 

86 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 ex4-4.htm

Exhibit
4.4 

DESCRIPTION
OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 

 REGISTERED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Set
forth below is the description of each class of securities of Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. (the Company outstanding
as of June 30, 2023. The following description summarizes the most important terms of these securities. This summary does not purport
to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and our Bylaws,
copies of which have been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are incorporated by reference into the Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023. You should refer to our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws
and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law for a complete description. 

Common
Stock, par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock is the only class of our securities currently registered under Section
12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Our Common Stock, Unit A Warrants and March 2022 Warrants
are quoted for trading on Nasdaq under the symbols GMBL , GMBLW and GMBLZ , respectively. 

DESCRIPTION
OF COMMON STOCK 

The
authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 500,000,000 shares of Common Stock at a par value of 0.001 per share, and 10,000,000
shares of blank check preferred stock, par value 0.001. 

Dividend
Rights 

Subject
to the prior or equal rights of holders of all classes of stock at the time outstanding having prior or equal rights as to dividends,
the holders of our Common Stock may, receive dividends out of funds legally available therefor if our Board of Directors, in its discretion,
determines to issue dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that our Board of Directors may determine. We have not paid
any dividends on our Common Stock and do not contemplate doing so in the foreseeable future. 

Voting
Rights 

Each
holder of the Common Stock is entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock held by such stockholder. 

No
Preemptive or Similar Rights 

Our
Common Stock is not entitled to preemptive rights, and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions. 

Liquidation 

Upon
the dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities
of the Company and subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock or any class or series
of stock having a preference over or the right to participate with the Common Stock with respect to the distribution of assets of the
Company upon such dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company, the holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive the
remaining assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders ratably in proportion to the number of shares held by
them. 

Transfer
Agent 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is VStock Transfer, LLC, with an address at 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, NY 11598.
Their phone number is (212) 828-8436. 

DESCRIPTION
OF 10 SERIES A CUMULATIVE REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 

The
Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock. On November 10, 2021, the Company designated 1,725,000
shares of preferred stock as 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable
Convertible Preferred Stock ), with a par value of 0.001 per share and liquidation preference of 11.00. 

Conversion 

Each
share of 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into one share of the Company s Common Stock
at a conversion price of 17.50 per common share. Subject to earlier conversion or redemption, the 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable
Convertible Preferred Stock matures on November 15, 2026, at which point the Company must redeem the shares of 10 Series A Cumulative
Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock at the redemption price. 

Dividends 

Dividends
on the 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock are cumulative from the date of issuance. The dividends on the
10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock are payable in equal monthly installments on the last day of each calendar
month, when, as and if declared by the Company s Board of Directors, in cash at an annual rate of 10.0 per annum. 

Redemption
and Liquidation 

The
10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock is also redeemable, at the option of the Board of Directors, in whole
or in part, at any time on or after January 1, 2023. 

The
10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock includes a change of control put option which allows the holders of the
10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock to require the Company to repurchase such holders shares for a
price per share equal to the redemption price. 

During
the continuance of any arrearages in dividends for any past monthly dividend period or a failure in fulfillment of any redemption obligation
on Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, except as otherwise permitted by the Certificate of Designation of the 10 Series A Cumulative
Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company will not purchase or redeem any shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock or
of any other series of preferred stock ranking on a parity with the 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock as
to dividends or upon liquidation, without the consent of the holders of at least 80 of all the shares of 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable
Convertible Preferred Stock and of stock of any other class or series of preferred stock then outstanding and ranking on a parity with
10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock as to dividends on which there are arrearages, voting together as a single
class. 

Upon
any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, the holders of the 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred
Stock are entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Company an amount equal to the 11.00 per share,
plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon and any other fees or liquidated damages then due and owing thereon under the 10 Series
A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, for each share of 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock
before any distribution or payment is made to the holders of any junior securities. 

Voting
Rights 

The
holders of the 10 Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock will not have any voting rights, except whenever dividends
on any share of any series of preferred stock Applicable Preferred Stock have not been paid in an aggregate amount equal
to four monthly dividends on the share, the holders of the Applicable Preferred Stock will have the exclusive and special right, voting
separately as a class and without regard to series, to elect at an annual meeting of shareholders or special meeting held in place of
it one member of the Board of Directors, until all arrearages in dividends and dividends in full for the current monthly period have
been paid. 

DESCRIPTION
OF SERIES C CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 

The
Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock. On April 28, 2023, the Company designated 20,000 shares
of preferred stock as Series C Convertible Preferred Stock Series C Preferred Stock ), with a par value of
 0.001 per share. For a summary of the material terms of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, see the Company s Current Reports
on Form 8-K filed on April 20, 2023 and May 1, 2023. 

Conversion 

Each
share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of Common Stock, on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Series C Certificate of Designations, at the conversion rate. 

Dividends 

Each
holder of Series C Preferred Stock is entitled to receive dividends, computed on the basis of a 360-day year and twelve 30-day
months and shall increase the stated value of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock on each dividend date (each, a Capitalized
Dividend ). 

Prior
to the capitalization of dividends on a dividend date, dividends will accrue at the dividend rate and be payable by way of inclusion
of the dividends in the conversion amount on each conversion date in accordance with the Series C Certificate of Designations or upon
any redemption thereunder. From and after the occurrence and during the continuance of any triggering event pursuant to the Series C
Certificate of Designations, the dividend rate will automatically be increased to the default rate then in effect. In the event that
such triggering event is subsequently cured (and no other triggering event then exists), the adjustment referred to in the preceding
sentence shall cease to be effective as of the calendar day immediately following the date of such cure; provided that the dividends
as calculated and unpaid at such increased rate during the continuance of such triggering event shall continue to apply to the extent
relating to the days after the occurrence of such triggering event through and including the date of such cure of such triggering event. 

Redemption
and Liquidation 

The
Company has the right to redeem all, but not less than all, of the shares of Series C Preferred Stock then outstanding, in
cash in accordance with the Series C Certificate of Designations. 

The
holder of the Series C Preferred Stock has the right to require that the Company redeem all, or any number, of the Series
C Preferred Stock, at any time after the holder becomes aware of the occurrence of certain events enumerated in the Series
C Certificate of Designations. 

In
the event of a liquidation event, the holder of the Series C Preferred Stock is entitled to receive in cash out of the assets
of the Company, before any amount is paid to the holders of any of shares of junior stock, but pari passu with any parity stock then
outstanding, an amount per share of Series C Preferred Stock equal to the greater of: (A) 125 of the conversion amount of
such share of Series C Preferred Stock on the date of such payment and (B) the amount per share such holder would receive
if such holder converted such share of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock into Common Stock at the Alternate Conversion Price then
in effect, immediately prior to the date of such payment. 

Voting
Rights 

The
holders of the Series C Preferred Shares have no voting power and no right to vote on any matter at any time, either as a separate series
or class or together with any other series or class of shares of capital stock, and are not entitled to call a meeting of such holders
for any purpose nor are they be entitled to participate in any meeting of the holders of Common Stock, except as provided in the Series
C Certificate of Designations or as otherwise required by the Nevada Revised Statutes. 

DESCRIPTION
OF SERIES D CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 

The
Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock. On May 22, 2023, the Company designated 10,000 shares
of preferred stock as Series D Convertible Preferred Stock Series D Preferred Stock ), with a par value of
 0.001 per share. For a summary of the material terms of the Series D Preferred Stock, see the Company s Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2023 and May 26, 2023. 

Conversion 

Each
share of Series D Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of Common Stock, on the terms and conditions set forth in the
Series D Certificate of Designations, at the conversion rate. 

Dividends 

Each
holder of Series D Preferred Stock is entitled to receive dividends, computed on the basis of a 360-day year and twelve 30-day
months and shall increase the stated value of the shares of Series D Preferred Stock on each dividend date (each, a Capitalized
Dividend ). 

Prior
to the capitalization of dividends on a dividend date, dividends will accrue at the dividend rate and be payable by way of inclusion
of the dividends in the conversion amount on each conversion date in accordance with the Series D Certificate of Designations or upon
any redemption thereunder. From and after the occurrence and during the continuance of any triggering event pursuant to the Series D
Certificate of Designations, the dividend rate will automatically be increased to the default rate then in effect. In the event that
such triggering event is subsequently cured (and no other triggering event then exists), the adjustment referred to in the preceding
sentence shall cease to be effective as of the calendar day immediately following the date of such cure; provided that the dividends
as calculated and unpaid at such increased rate during the continuance of such triggering event shall continue to apply to the extent
relating to the days after the occurrence of such triggering event through and including the date of such cure of such triggering event. 

Redemption
and Liquidation 

The
Company has the right to redeem all, but not less than all, of the shares of Series D Preferred Stock then outstanding, in
cash in accordance with the Series D Certificate of Designations. 

The
holder of the Series D Preferred Stock has the right to require that the Company redeem all, or a portion, of the Series
D Preferred Stock, at any time after the holder becomes aware of the occurrence of certain events enumerated in the Series
D Certificate of Designations. 

In
the event of a liquidation event, the holder of the Series D Preferred Stock is entitled to receive in cash out of the assets
of the Company, before any amount is paid to the holders of any of shares of junior stock, but pari passu with any parity stock then
outstanding, an amount per share of Series D Preferred Stock equal to the greater of: (A) 125 of the conversion amount of
such share of Series D Preferred Stock on the date of such payment and (B) the amount per share such holder would receive
if such holder converted such share of Series D Preferred Stock into Common Stock at the Alternate Conversion Price then
in effect, immediately prior to the date of such payment. 

Voting
Rights 

The
holders of the Series D Preferred Shares have no voting power and no right to vote on any matter at any time, either as a separate series
or class or together with any other series or class of shares of capital stock, and are not entitled to call a meeting of such holders
for any purpose nor are they be entitled to participate in any meeting of the holders of Common Stock, except as provided in the Series
D Certificate of Designations or as otherwise required by the Nevada Revised Statutes. 

DESCRIPTION
OF UNIT A WARRANTS 

At
June 30, 2023 the Company there were 11,368 Unit A Warrants outstanding. 

Exercisability 

The
Unit A Warrants are exercisable to purchase one share of our common stock. The Unit A Warrants are exercisable immediately upon issuance
and at any time up to the date that is five years from the date of issuance. The Unit A Warrants are exercisable, at the option of each
holder, in whole or in part, by delivering to us a duly executed exercise notice accompanied by payment in full for the number of shares
of our Common Stock purchased upon such exercise (except in the case of a cashless exercise as discussed below). Unless otherwise specified
in the warrant, the holder does not have the right to exercise any portion of the warrant if the holder (together with its affiliates)
would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the number of shares of our Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to
the exercise (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any Unit A Warrants, 9.99 ), as such percentage ownership is determined
in accordance with the terms of the Unit A Warrants. 

Cashless
Exercise 

In
the event that a registration statement covering shares of Common Stock underlying the Unit A Warrants, is not available for the issuance
of such shares of Common Stock underlying the Unit A Warrants, the holder may, in its sole discretion, exercise the warrant in whole
or in part and, in lieu of making the cash payment otherwise contemplated to be made to us upon such exercise in payment of the aggregate
exercise price, elect instead to receive upon such exercise the net number of shares of Common Stock determined according to the formula
set forth in the warrant. In no event shall we be required to make any cash payments or net cash settlement to the registered holder
in lieu of issuance of Common Stock underlying the Unit A Warrants. 

Certain
Adjustments 

The
exercise price and the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Unit A Warrants are subject to adjustment
upon the occurrence of specific events, including stock dividends, stock splits, combinations and reclassifications of our Common Stock. 

Transferability

Subject
to applicable laws, the Unit A Warrants may be transferred at the option of the holders upon surrender of the Unit A Warrants to our
Transfer Agent together with the appropriate instruments of transfer. 

Warrant
Agent and Exchange Listing 

The
Unit A Warrants are in registered form under a warrant agency agreement between Vstock Transfer LLC, as warrant agent, and us. The Unit
A Warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol GMBLW . 

Fundamental
Transactions 

If,
at any time while the Unit A Warrants are outstanding, (1) we consolidate or merge with or into another corporation and we are not the
surviving corporation, (2) we sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our
assets, (3) any purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by us or another individual or entity) is completed pursuant
to which holders of our shares of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities,
cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50 or more of our outstanding shares of Common Stock, (4) we effect any reclassification
or recapitalization of our shares of Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which our shares of Common Stock are converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (5) we consummate a stock or share purchase agreement or other business
combination with another person or entity whereby such other person or entity acquires more than 50 of our outstanding shares of Common
Stock, each a Fundamental Transaction, then upon any subsequent exercise of the Unit A Warrants, the holder thereof will
have the right to receive the same amount and kind of securities, cash or property as it would have been entitled to receive upon the
occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the number
of warrant shares then issuable upon exercise of the warrant, and any additional consideration payable as part of the Fundamental Transaction. 

Rights
as a Stockholder 

Except
as otherwise provided in the Unit A Warrants or by virtue of such holder s ownership of shares of our Common Stock, the holder
of a warrant does not have the rights or privileges of a holder of our Common Stock, including any voting rights, until the holder exercises
the warrant. 

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation 

Holder s
exercise shall be limited 4.99 of the Company s outstanding Common Stock (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance
of any Unit A Warrants, 9.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the beneficial ownership
limitation provided that the beneficial ownership limitation in no event exceeds 9.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding
immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the warrant held by the Holder. Any increase
in the beneficial ownership limitation will not be effective until the 61 st day after such notice is delivered to the Company. 

Governing
Law 

The
Unit A Warrants and the warrant agency agreement are governed by New York law. 

DESCRIPTION
OF THE MARCH 2022 WARRANTS 

At
June 30, 2023 the Company there were 172,500 March 2022 Warrants outstanding. 

Exercisability

The
March 2022 Warrants (including the Overallotment Warrants) are exercisable to purchase one share of our common stock. The March 2022
Warrants are exercisable immediately upon issuance and at any time up to the date that is five years from the date of issuance. The March
2022 Warrants are exercisable, at the option of each holder, in whole or in part, by delivering to us a duly executed exercise notice
accompanied by payment in full for the number of shares of our Common Stock purchased upon such exercise (except in the case of a cashless
exercise as discussed below). Unless otherwise specified in the warrant, the holder does not have the right to exercise any portion of
the warrant if the holder (together with its affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 of the number of shares of our Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance of any the March
2022 Warrants, 9.99 ), as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the March 2022 Warrants. 

Cashless
Exercise 

In
the event that a registration statement covering shares of Common Stock underlying the March 2022 Warrants, is not available for the
issuance of such shares of Common Stock underlying the March 2022 Warrants, the holder may, in its sole discretion, exercise the warrant
in whole or in part and, in lieu of making the cash payment otherwise contemplated to be made to us upon such exercise in payment of
the aggregate exercise price, elect instead to receive upon such exercise the net number of shares of Common Stock determined according
to the formula set forth in the warrant. In no event shall we be required to make any cash payments or net cash settlement to the registered
holder in lieu of issuance of Common Stock underlying the March 2022 Warrants. 

Certain
Adjustments 

The
exercise price and the number of shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the March 2022 Warrants are subject to adjustment
upon the occurrence of specific events, including stock dividends, stock splits, combinations and reclassifications of our Common Stock. 

Transferability 

Subject
to applicable laws, the March 2022 Warrants may be transferred at the option of the holders upon surrender of the March 2022 Warrants
to our Transfer Agent together with the appropriate instruments of transfer. 

Warrant
Agent and Exchange Listing 

The
March 2022 Warrants are in registered form under a warrant agency agreement between Vstock Transfer LLC, as warrant agent, and us. The
March 2022 Warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol GMBLZ . 

Fundamental
Transactions 

If,
at any time while the March 2022 Warrants are outstanding, (1) we consolidate or merge with or into another corporation and we are not
the surviving corporation, (2) we sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of
our assets, (3) any purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by us or another individual or entity) is completed pursuant
to which holders of our shares of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares of Common Stock for other securities,
cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50 or more of our outstanding shares of Common Stock, (4) we effect any reclassification
or recapitalization of our shares of Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which our shares of Common Stock are converted
into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (5) we consummate a stock or share purchase agreement or other business
combination with another person or entity whereby such other person or entity acquires more than 50 of our outstanding shares of Common
Stock, each a Fundamental Transaction, then upon any subsequent exercise of the March 2022 Warrants, the holder thereof
will have the right to receive the same amount and kind of securities, cash or property as it would have been entitled to receive upon
the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction if it had been, immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction, the holder of the number
of warrant shares then issuable upon exercise of the warrant, and any additional consideration payable as part of the Fundamental Transaction. 

Rights
as a Stockholder 

Except
as otherwise provided in the March 2022 Warrants or by virtue of such holder s ownership of shares of our Common Stock, the holder
of a warrant does not have the rights or privileges of a holder of our Common Stock, including any voting rights, until the holder exercises
the warrant. 

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation 

Holder s
exercise shall be limited 4.99 of the Company s outstanding Common Stock (or, upon election by a Holder prior to the issuance
of any of the March 2022 Warrants, 9.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to
the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the beneficial
ownership limitation provided that the beneficial ownership limitation in no event exceeds 9.99 of the number of shares of the Common
Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the warrant held by the
Holder. Any increase in the beneficial ownership limitation will not be effective until the 61 st day after such notice is
delivered to the Company. 

Governing
Law 

The
March 2022 Warrants and the warrant agency agreement are governed by New York law. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-10.54>
 3
 ex10-54.htm

Exhibit 10.54 

</EX-10.54>

<EX-10.55>
 4
 ex10-55.htm

Exhibit 10.55 

</EX-10.55>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Esports Entertainment Group, Inc.

Name of Entity 
 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 ggCircuit LLC 
 
 Indiana 
 
 Esports Services (Malta) Limited 
 
 Malta 
 
 Esports Entertainment (Malta) Limited 
 
 Malta 

The names of certain subsidiaries have been omitted from this Exhibit 21.1 in accordance with applicable rules. The omitted subsidiaries, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, did not constitute a significant subsidiary (as defined in Rule 1-02(v) of Regulation S-X) at June 30, 2023. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm s
Consent 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements of Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. (the Company on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-252370, 333-274542 and 333-258822) and Form S-8 (No. 333-250970) of our report dated October 13, 2023, which includes an explanatory
paragraph as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, with respect to our audits of the consolidated financial
statements of Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, which report
is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Esports Entertainment Group, Inc. for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

Marcum
 llp 

 Marlton,
New Jersey 

 October
13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Alex Igelman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual
report on Form 10-K of Esports Entertainment Group, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
 evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in
 this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
 has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Alex Igelman 

Alex Igelman 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael Villani, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual
report on Form 10-K of Esports Entertainment Group, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly for the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
 evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in
 this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
 materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
 reporting; and 

5. The registrant s
other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control
 over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Villani 

Michael Villani 

Chief
Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report of Esports Entertainment
Group, Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof, I, Alex Igelman, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Alex Igelman 

Alex Igelman 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Annual Report of Esports Entertainment
Group, Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof, I, Michael Villani, Chief Financial Officer and Financial Controller of the Company, certify to the best
of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: October 13, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Villani 

Michael Villani 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 43
 gmbl-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 45
 gmbl-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 46
 gmbl-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 47
 gmbl-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

