<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231129_10-K_edgar_data_1768267_0000950170-23-066654.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18059956</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>469888</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2960777</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6631143</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2655040</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4781964</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-066654.hdr.sgml : 20231129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231129141106
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-066654
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		119
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cerence Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001768267
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				834719946
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39030
		FILM NUMBER:		231451029

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE BURLINGTON WOODS DRIVE, SUITE 301A
		CITY:			BURLINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01803
		BUSINESS PHONE:		617-580-0843

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE BURLINGTON WOODS DRIVE, SUITE 301A
		CITY:			BURLINGTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01803

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Cerence LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190513

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Diamond SpinCo, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190215

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-066654.txt : 20231129

10-K
 1
 crnc-20230930.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _______ to ________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of these error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

A s of March 31, 2023, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately billion based on the closing price of the common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market for such date. 
 
 The number of shares of Registrant s common stock outstanding as of November 13, 2023 was . 

Table of Contents 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 33 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 33 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 35 

Item 6 
 Reserved 
 36 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 37 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 60 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 61 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 103 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 103 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 103 

Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 104 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 105 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 105 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 105 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 105 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 105 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 106 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 109 

SIGNATURES 
 110 

i 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNIN G FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, or Form 10-K, filed by Cerence Inc. together with its consolidated subsidiaries, Cerence , the Company, we, us or our unless the context indicates otherwise, contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts, but rather are based on current expectations, estimates, assumptions, plans and projections about our business, operations, industry, financial results, financial condition, strategy, goals, or prospects. Forward-looking statements often include words such as anticipates, estimates, expects, projects, forecasts, intends, plans, continues, believes, may, will, goals and words and terms of similar substance in connection with discussions of our business and future operating or financial performance. As with any projection or forecast, forward-looking statements are inherently susceptible to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Our actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. Accordingly, undue reliance should not be placed on any forward-looking statement made by us or on our behalf. Although we believe that the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are based on reasonable assumptions, you should be aware that many factors could affect our actual financial results or results of operations and could cause actual results to differ materially from those in such forward-looking statements, including but not limited to: 
 adverse conditions in the automotive industry or the global economy more generally, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the developing conflict between Israel and Hamas, and inflation and rising interest rates; 

the continuation of the semiconductor shortage being experienced by the automotive industry; 

the duration and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on our business and financial performance, including the impact of new variants; 

the highly competitive and rapidly changing market in which we operate; 

our employees are represented by workers councils or unions or are subject to local laws that are less favorable to employers than the laws of the U.S.; 

fluctuations in our financial and operating results; 

our inability to control and successfully manage our expense and cash positions; 

escalating pricing pressures from our customers; 

the impact on our business of the transition to a lower level of fixed contracts, including, but not limited to, the failure to achieve the expected predictability and growth in our reported revenue following a transition year of fiscal 2023; 

our failure to win, renew or implement service contracts; 

the cancellation or postponement of service contracts after a design win; 

the loss of business from any of our largest customers; 

inability to recruit and retain qualified personnel; 

cybersecurity and data privacy incidents that damage client relations; 

interruption or delays in our services or services from data center hosting facilities or public clouds; 

economic, political, regulatory, foreign exchange and other risks of international operations; 

unforeseen U.S. and foreign tax liabilities; 

increases or decreases to valuation allowances recorded against deferred tax assets; 

impairment of our goodwill and other intangible assets; 

the failure to protect our intellectual property or allegations that we have infringed the intellectual property of others; 

defects in our software products that result in lost revenue, expensive correction or claims against us; 

our inability to quickly respond to changes in technology and to develop our intellectual property into commercially viable products; 

our strategy to increase cloud services and ability to successfully introduce new products, applications or services and deploy generative AI and large language models (LLMs); 

a significant interruption in the supply or maintenance of our third-party hardware, software, services or data; 

restrictions on our current and future operations under the terms of our debt and the use of cash to service our debt; and 

1 

certain factors discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

These and other factors are more fully discussed in the Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations sections and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. These risks could cause actual results to differ materially from those implied by forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K. Even if our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity and the development of the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 
 Any forward-looking statements made by us in this Form 10-K speak only as of the date on which they are made. We are under no obligation to, and expressly disclaim any obligation to, update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 2 

Risk Factor Summary 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks described below in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that the risks described in the Risk Factors section are material to investors, but other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect us. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 The market in which we operate is highly competitive and rapidly changing and we may be unable to compete successfully. 

Adverse conditions in the automotive industry or the global economy more generally could have adverse effects on our results of operations. 

Pandemics or disease outbreaks, such as COVID-19, have disrupted, and may continue to disrupt, our business, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our strategy to increase cloud connected services may adversely affect our near-term revenue growth and results of operations. 

Pricing pressures from our customers may adversely affect our business. 

We invest effort and money seeking OEMs validation of our technology, and there can be no assurance that we will win or be able to renew service contracts. 

Our business could be materially and adversely affected if we lost any of our largest customers. 

Our operating results may fluctuate significantly from period to period, and this may cause our stock price to decline. 

We may not be successful with the adoption of new products. 

We may be unable to attract and retain key personnel. 

We depend on skilled employees and could be impacted by a shortage of critical skills. 

Some of our employees are represented by workers councils or unions or are subject to local laws that are less favorable to employers than the laws of the U.S. 

Cybersecurity and data privacy incidents or breaches may damage client relations and inhibit our growth. 

Compliance with global privacy and data security requirements could result in additional costs and liabilities to us or inhibit our ability to collect and process data globally, and the failure to comply with such requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

The development and use of artificial intelligence AI (AI) presents risks and challenges that can impact our business including by posing security risks to our confidential information, proprietary information, and personal data and could give rise to legal and/or regulatory actions, damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business. 

A significant portion of our revenues and research and development activities originate outside the United States. Our results could be harmed by economic, political and regulatory risks associated with these international regions and foreign currency fluctuations. 

Our business in China is subject to aggressive competition and is sensitive to economic, market and political conditions. 

Interruptions or delays in our services or services from data center hosting facilities or public clouds could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business. 

If our goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, our operating results could be negatively impacted. 

Risks Relating to our Intellectual Property and Technology 
 Third parties have claimed and may claim in the future that we are infringing their intellectual property, and we could be exposed to significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling our products if such claims are successful. 

Unauthorized use of our proprietary technology and intellectual property could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

3 

Our software products may have bugs, which could result in delayed or lost revenue, expensive correction, liability to our customers and claims against us. 

We may be unable to respond quickly enough to changes in technology and technological risks and to develop our intellectual property into commercially viable products. 

We utilize certain key technologies, content and services from, and integrate certain of our solutions with, third parties and may be unable to replace those technologies, content and services if they become obsolete, unavailable or incompatible with our solutions. 

Risks Relating to the Spin-Off 
 If the Spin-Off were determined not to qualify as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we could have an indemnification obligation to Nuance Communications Inc. Nuance ), which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve from the Spin-Off. 

We may have potential business conflicts of interest with Nuance with respect to our past and ongoing relationships. 

The allocation of intellectual property rights and data between Nuance and Cerence as part of the Spin-Off, could adversely impact our reputation, our ability to enforce certain intellectual property rights, and our competitive position. 

Risks Relating to Our Securities and Indebtedness 
 The terms of the Senior Credit Facilities restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to incur debt that we may need to fund initiatives in response to changes in our business, the industry in which we operate, the economy and governmental regulations. 

We may evaluate whether to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the future, and the terms of our Senior Credit Facilities limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. 

Servicing our debt may require a significant amount of cash. We may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our indebtedness. 

The conditional conversion feature of the Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and the value of our common stock. 

The accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the Notes, could have a material effect on our reported financial results. 

Certain provisions in our organizational documents, including amendments thereto, and Delaware law may discourage takeovers. 

Our organizational documents, including amendments thereto, designate the courts of the State of Delaware or the U.S. district courts as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of proceedings, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes. 

General Risk Factors 
 Tax matters may cause significant variability in our financial results and may impact our overall financial condition. 

The commercial and credit environment may adversely affect our access to, and the cost of, capital. 

Our stock price may fluctuate significantly. 

Your percentage ownership in Cerence may be diluted in the future. 

If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired and investors views of us could be harmed. 

4 

PAR T I 
 Item 1. B usiness. 
 Overview 
 Cerence builds AI powered virtual assistants for the mobility/transportation market. Our primary target is the automobile market, but our solutions can apply to all forms of transportation including but not limited to two-wheel vehicles, planes, tractors, cruise ships and elevators. Our solutions power natural conversational and intuitive interactions between vehicles, drivers and passengers, and the broader digital world. We are a premier provider of AI-powered assistants and innovations for connected and autonomous vehicles, including one of the world s most popular software platforms for building automotive virtual assistants, such as Hey BMW and Ni hao Banma . Our customers include all major automobile original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, or their tier 1 suppliers worldwide, including BMW, Daimler, FCA Group, Ford, Geely, GM, Renault-Nissan, SAIC, Toyota, Volkswagen Group, Aptiv, Bosch, Continental, DENSO TEN, NIO, XPeng and Harman. We deliver our solutions on a white-label basis, enabling our customers to deliver customized virtual assistants with unique, branded personalities and ultimately strengthening the bond between their brands and end users. Our vision is to enable a more enjoyable, safer journey for everyone. 
 Our platform utilizes industry-leading speech recognition, natural language understanding, speech signal enhancement, text-to-speech, and acoustic modeling technology to provide a conversational AI-based solution. Virtual assistants built with our platform can enable a wide variety of modes of human-vehicle interaction, including speech, touch, handwriting, gaze tracking and gesture recognition, and can support the integration of third-party virtual assistants into the in-vehicle experience. 
 Our software platform is a market leader for building integrated, branded and differentiated virtual assistants for automobiles. As a unified platform and common interface for automotive cognitive assistance, our software platform provides OEMs and suppliers with an important control point with respect to the mobility experience and their brand value. Our platform is fully customizable and designed to support our customers in creating their own ecosystem in the automobile and transforming the vehicle into a hub for numerous connected devices and services. Virtual assistants built with our software platform can address user requests across a wide variety of categories, such as navigation, control, media, communication and tools. Our software platform is comprised of edge computing and cloud-connected software components and a software framework linking these components together under a common programming interface. We implement our software platform for our customers through our professional services organization, which works with OEMs and suppliers to optimize our software for the requirements, configurations and acoustic characteristics of specific vehicle models. 
 The market for automotive cognitive assistance is rapidly expanding. The proliferation of smartphones and smart speakers has encouraged consumers to rely on a growing number of virtual assistants and special-purpose bots for various tasks such as controlling entertainment systems and checking the news. Automobile drivers and passengers increasingly expect hands-free access to virtual assistants as part of the mobility experience, with common use cases in a variety of categories including mobility domains such as navigation, voice-activated texts, and telephone communication, automobile domains, such as automobile user guides, and ignition on-off, and generic domains, such as entertainment. To meet the increasing demand for automotive cognitive assistance and to offer differentiated mobility experiences, OEMs and suppliers are building proprietary virtual assistants into an increasing proportion of their vehicles. We believe that this trend will continue and that consumer appetite for automotive cognitive assistance will grow further as vehicles become more autonomous and drivers pursue new forms of human-vehicle engagement previously not feasible during vehicle operation. 
 We generate revenue primarily by selling software licenses and cloud-connected services. In addition, we generate professional services revenue from our work with OEMs and suppliers during the design, development, and deployment phases of the vehicle model lifecycle and through maintenance and enhancement projects. Through our over 20 years in the automotive industry, we have developed longstanding industry relationships and benefit from incumbency. We have existing relationships with all major OEMs or their tier 1 suppliers, and while our customer contracts vary, they generally represent multi-year engagements, giving us visibility into future revenue. We have master agreements or similar commercial arrangements in place with many of our customers, supporting customer retention over the long term. 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had five-year remaining performance obligations of 270.3 million. As of September 30, 2023, we had variable five-year backlog of 975.4 million, which includes estimated future revenue from variable forecasted royalties related to our embedded, connected, and professional service businesses. Our estimate of forecasted royalties is based on our royalty rates for embedded and connected technologies from expected car shipments under our existing contracts over the term of the programs. Anticipated shipments are based on historical shipping experience and current customer projections that management believes are reasonable as of the date of this Form 10-K. Both our embedded and connected technologies are priced and sold on a per-vehicle or device basis, where we receive a single fee for either or both the embedded license and the connected service term. However, our five-year remaining performance obligations may not be indicative of our actual future revenue. The revenue we actually recognize is subject to several factors, including the number and timing of vehicles our customers ship, potential terminations or changes in scope of customer contracts, and currency fluctuations. As of September 30, 2023, we estimate our five-year backlog to 
 5 

be 1.2 billion, including 270.3 million of five-year remaining performance obligations and 975.4 million of five-year variable backlog. As of September 30, 2022, the estimated five-year backlog was 1.1 billion. 
 Our solutions have been installed in more than 475 million automobiles to date, including over 47 million new vehicles in fiscal year 2023 alone. Based on royalty reports provided by our customers and third-party reports of total vehicle production worldwide, we estimate that approximately 54 of all cars shipped during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 included Cerence technologies. Cerence hybrid solutions shipped on approximately 11.0 million vehicles during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. In aggregate, over 80 OEMs and Tier 1 suppliers worldwide use our solutions, covering over 70 languages and dialects, including English, German, Spanish, French, Mandarin, Cantonese, Japanese and Hindi. 
 In fiscal year 2023, we generated revenue of 294.5 million, a decrease of 10.2 compared to 327.9 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022. We recorded net loss of 56.3 million for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, a change of 81.9 compared to net loss of 310.8 million recorded for the fiscal year ended September 30. 2022. The financial information included herein may not necessarily reflect our results of operations in the future. 
 History and Corporate Information 
 On October 1, 2019 Distribution Date ), Nuance, a leading provider of speech and language solutions for businesses and consumers around the world, completed the legal and structural separation and distribution to its stockholders of all of the outstanding shares of our common stock, and its consolidated subsidiaries, in a tax free spin-off Spin-Off ). The distribution was made in the amount of one share of our common stock for every eight shares of Nuance common stock Distribution owned by Nuance s stockholders as of 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on September 17, 2019, the record date of the Distribution. 
 In connection with the Distribution, on September 30, 2019, we filed an Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, or the Charter, with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, which became effective on October 1, 2019. Our Amended and Restated By-laws also became effective on October 1, 2019. On October 2, 2019, our common stock began regular-way trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol CRNC. 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 1 Burlington Woods Drive, Suite 301A, Burlington, Massachusetts 01803 and our telephone number at that address is (857) 362-7300. Our website is www.cerence.com . We are not including the information contained in our website as part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Form 10-K. We make available free of charge through our website our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file these materials with, or otherwise furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. The SEC maintains a website www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 We webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community on the investor relations page of our website www.cerence.com/investors/overview ). Additionally, we provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, investor events, and press and earnings releases as part of our investor relations website. We intend to use our investor relations website as a means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. The information contained in our website is not included as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Form 10-K or in any other document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 6 

Our Capabilities 
 Our mission is to empower the transportation ecosystem with digital platform solutions for connected and autonomous vehicles. We deliver automotive cognitive assistance solutions that are conversational and intuitive and that enable OEMs to strengthen the emotional connection with their end users through a distinct, consistent, branded experience. We continue to extend these solutions to two-wheel vehicles and trucks and other transportation means. Our principal offering is our software platform, which our customers use to build virtual assistants that can communicate, find information and take action across an expanding variety of categories, including navigation, control, media, communication, information and tools. Our software, developed in deep partnership with the automotive industry, improves the mobility experience for drivers and passengers all over the world. 

User engagement with virtual assistants built with our software platform typically begins with a voice request. Upon receiving such an input, our software platform determines what the user has said, infers user intent, and maps the request to the most applicable category and domain. Depending on the applicable domain, our software platform determines whether to respond directly or access an external data source or third-party virtual assistant, in all cases resulting in a response including spoken words or taking action. Depending on the complexity of the request and other factors, engagement may consist of multiple rapid voice interactions with the user and may combine assistance in multiple domains. 
 Our software platform offers a hybrid architecture combining edge software components, which are embedded in a vehicle s head unit and integrated with onboard systems, with cloud-connected components, which access data and content on external networks and support over-the-air updates. This hybrid architecture enables our software platform to combine the performance, reliability, efficiency, security and tight vehicular integration of embedded software with the flexibility that cloud connectivity provides. Response frameworks can generally be customized such that requests are processed first at the edge, controlling cloud transmission costs, or in parallel at the edge and in the cloud, to achieve higher confidence responses with low latency. Through edge computing capabilities, the platform is able to provide certain features, such as wake up words, while avoiding privacy and latency issues associated with always-listening cloud-connected technologies. Our software platform includes a common programming framework including toolkits and applications for its edge and cloud-connected components, and our customers can choose the software components that are necessary to power the experiences that they want to build and offer. 
 7 

Cerence Platform Framework - Hybrid Architecture 

We deliver our software platform through our professional services organization, which works with OEMs and suppliers to tailor it to the desired requirements, configurations and acoustic characteristics of specific vehicle models. For an initial implementation, our professional services engagements typically begin with the porting of our key technologies to the customer s specific hardware and software platforms and the development of specific dialogues and grammar libraries. Our professional services teams also work with OEMs on acoustic optimization of a system and application of our audio signal processing technologies. Following an initial implementation, our professional services organization may continue to provide services over the course of a head unit program and vehicle model lifecycle through maintenance and enhancement engagements. 
 Edge Software Components 
 Our software platform s edge software components are installed on a vehicle s head unit and can operate without access to external networks and information. We tailor our edge software components to a customer s desired use cases and a vehicle model s unique systems, sensors and data interfaces. 
 Capabilities of our edge software components include automatic speech recognition, natural language understanding, noise cancellation, driver and passenger voice isolation, voice biometrics, wake-up word and text-to-speech synthesis, as well as certain non-speech technologies such as gaze, gesture and touch input. Our software can support more than 70 languages and dialects. Edge deployment suits these technologies as it provides the following functionality and benefits: 
 Performance. Processing at the edge is often necessary to meet the low latency requirements of natural conversation. 

Vehicle Systems Integration. Vehicle applications, sensors, and data interfaces can be integrated deeply with embedded systems. 

Availability. Edge-located systems are available regardless of cellular coverage and network connectivity. 

Reduced cost. Processing at the edge reduces or eliminates cellular data transmission costs. 

Privacy. Users utterances and system outputs processed at the edge remain onboard and can immediately be purged. 

Certain forms of assistant speech invocation can only be implemented using edge software. The use of wake-up words like Hey BMW and Ni hao Banma require constant listening and signal processing to identify instances when a virtual assistant should activate and respond. The same requirements apply to our JustTalk technology, which constantly listens to spoken conversation, determines speaker intent, and invokes assistance appropriately without requiring a specific invocation phase. The alternative of sending a constant stream of audio from the car interior to the cloud for processing would require enormous amounts of bandwidth and potentially create privacy concerns. 
 We typically sell our edge software components under a traditional per unit perpetual software license model, in which a per unit fee is charged for each software instance installed on an automotive head unit. Our customers generally provide estimates of the 
 8 

units to be shipped for a particular program, and we review third-party market studies and work with our customers to refine and understand these projections. While these projections provide us with some reasonable visibility into future revenue, the number of units to be shipped for a particular program is not committed upfront. 
 Cloud-Connected Components 
 Our software platform s cloud-connected components are comprised of certain speech and natural language understanding related technologies, AI-enabled personalization and context-based response frameworks, and content integration platforms. Our cloud-connected speech-related technologies perform many of the same tasks as our speech-related edge components while offering enhanced functionality through increased computational power and access to external content. Cloud-connected components also support the replication of personalized settings such as voice profiles and preferences across multiple vehicles. 
 We offer cloud-connected components in the form of a connected service to the vehicle end user. Initial subscriptions typically have multi-year terms from the time of a vehicle s sale and are paid in advance by the OEM or supplier. Renewal options vary and are managed by our customers on behalf of vehicle end users. 
 Virtual Assistant Coexistence 
 The wide variety of use cases encompassed by automotive cognitive assistance, in the context of evolving consumer preferences, necessitates the coexistence of multiple virtual assistants within the in-vehicle environment. For example, many vehicle-related categories such as navigation and control can best be addressed by a tightly integrated, vehicle-model-specific virtual assistant. At the same time, drivers and passengers often prefer to use familiar Internet-based virtual assistants for more general domains such as entertainment. 
 To enable drivers and passengers to extend their digital life from outside the vehicle to inside the vehicle, our software platform can support the integration of third-party virtual assistants, providing a uniform interface for virtual assistant engagement. We have invested in our platform to develop the technology and capabilities necessary to integrate third party virtual assistants with vehicles systems. 
 To make integration as seamless as possible, we have built cognitive arbitration technology that is capable of inferring user intent, determining which within a set of virtual assistants would be best suited to address a request, and sending the request to the selected assistant thus enabling users to extend their digital life into the automobile. Depending on a system s configuration and the virtual assistants to which it is connected, output can be presented back to the user through a vehicle-specific personality or through the virtual assistant s own interface. Cognitive arbitration represents an important control point with respect to the mobility experience and an important brand differentiation opportunity for OEMs and suppliers. Like the rest of our software platform, cognitive arbitration is a white label product that can be customized and branded. 
 Along with providing OEMs control over their brand identity, our cognitive arbitration technology is an important element in letting an OEM design the overall driver and passenger experience. This technology allows an OEM to dictate interactions with third-party virtual assistants within the vehicle, strengthening its ability to differentiate and control the overall in-vehicle experience. 
 Professional Services 
 We have a large professional services team that works with our customers in the design, development and deployment phases of a vehicle head unit program and vehicle model lifecycle, as well as in maintenance and enhancement engagements. Our range of capabilities include personalization of grammar and natural language understanding development, localization, language selection and system coverage, navigation speech data generation, system prompt recordings, porting our platform s framework and our ability to deploy cognitive arbitration technologies, and user experience reviews and studies. Our professional services team is globally distributed to serve our customers in their primary design and production jurisdictions. We typically charge manufacturers for our design and consulting work, which are primarily project-based, in line with customary non-recurring engineering industry practices. 
 9 

Our Competitive Strengths 
 Our key competitive strengths include: 
 Industry-leading speech-related technology . Our research shows that consumers see speech as an increasingly attractive medium for human-vehicle interaction. Nevertheless, they are often frustrated with speech recognition solutions that misunderstand spoken language or require users to speak rigid, pre-defined commands associated with a limited set of functions. Developing conversation-based automotive virtual assistants that users will perceive as natural is challenging as a matter of artificial intelligence technology, acoustic engineering and user interface design. We believe our software platform, as tailored for a specific vehicle model by our professional services organization, represents one of the most technologically advanced and highest-performing human-vehicle speech interaction systems available today. In tests performed by our customers to assess correct recognition of words, sentences, and domains, our solutions have achieved some of the highest marks relative to competitors and our offerings are backed by our portfolio of patents and associated rights. 

Hybrid edge-cloud system architecture. Our software platform s hybrid architecture combines the performance, reliability and tight integration that only edge software can provide with the flexibility of cloud connectivity. Cloud-reliant solutions with which our software platform competes cannot match edge software s low latency, its bandwidth efficiency or its availability in the absence of network connectivity. Moreover, emerging speech invocation paradigms such as wake up words and situationally aware invocation are most effectively implemented using edge technology. 

Bespoke vehicle integration and acoustic tuning . Cognitive assistance for categories such as navigation, entertainment and control requires tight integration with onboard vehicle components, which vary widely among vehicle models. Separately, speech interaction systems can be significantly hampered by the noisy environment of a vehicle cabin and must be tuned for particular acoustics and audio system components. To achieve the tight vehicle integration necessary to address these concerns, our professional services team works closely with OEMs and suppliers to customize our offerings for the particular characteristics of specific vehicle models. Our expertise in acoustics enables us to implement systems that can isolate the voices of individual speakers and support simultaneous virtual assistance for speakers in multiple zones, representing a key point of differentiation. 

Interoperability with third-party Internet-based virtual assistants. Virtual assistants from large technology companies have become popular with consumers. We believe that consumers want to extend the use of these assistants while traveling in their vehicles and that a comprehensive automotive cognitive assistance system requires the coexistence of multiple virtual assistants. To accommodate their end user preferences while still providing a unique and brand-specific experience, OEMs seek to offer a common in-vehicle interface with seamless integration across various virtual assistants. To this end, our software platform can support the coexistence of multiple third-party virtual assistants and provide a uniform interface for virtual assistant engagement. Our market-leading position, our focus on the automotive market and the large size of our installed base create incentives for third party virtual assistant providers to work with us and support this integration. 

Independence from large technology companies and automobile industry players. As vehicles become more autonomous, mobility experiences are being increasingly defined by in-cabin features and alternative forms of human-vehicle engagement. Branded, differentiated automotive cognitive assistance is thus increasingly important to OEMs brand value. As a neutral, independent, white-label software platform vendor, we empower our customers to build branded and differentiated experiences and retain ownership of, or rights to, their system design and data. The virtual assistant coexistence enabled by our cognitive arbitration functionality is designed to allow our customers to provide access to third-party virtual assistants without ceding overall control of the cognitive assistance experience. 

OEM alignment . The design and development of the head unit within the vehicle ecosystem is a complex process requiring tight integration of the software and hardware components used in and with the vehicle. We believe our demonstrated long-standing capabilities in working closely with OEMs, understanding their needs, product roadmaps and global go-to-market strategies enables us to innovate our technologies to meet an OEM s specifications. Furthermore, our working relationships with OEMs uniquely allow us to market and sell our solutions on both a local and global basis in accordance with an OEM s particular requirements. 

Broad language coverage. Our software platform supports over 70 languages and dialects, far more than any of our competitors. As a result of our broad language support, our customers are already delivering cognitive assistance based on our software platform across the Americas, Europe and Asia, including China, the U.S. and all other large automotive markets. Our language support also enables multi-lingual capabilities for domains such as music selection, point-of-interest selection, and cross-border navigation among others, representing a critical feature for markets such as Continental Europe in which automobiles may routinely traverse multiple lingual zones. We believe that our portfolio of languages and multi-lingual capabilities represent an important competitive advantage, as the development of capabilities to support a new language is expensive and time-consuming. 

10 

Broad, global network of deep relationships with OEMs and tier 1 suppliers. We have supplied speech recognition systems to OEMs and suppliers for over 20 years, working closely with our customers through our global professional services organization to design and integrate our solutions into their brands. Today, we work with all major OEMs or their tier 1 suppliers worldwide, leveraging the geographic breadth and industry experience of our professional services teams. Our long history in the automotive industry and the global reach and experience of our over 400 professional services employees across 12 countries gives us credibility with OEMs as we seek new business with OEMs, either directly or through their tier 1 suppliers. We believe that OEMs who sell globally will value our experience in servicing and deploying solutions on a global basis. We often have master agreements or similar commercial arrangements with our customers. These master agreements help us retain customer relationships over the long term. 

Our Growth Strategies 
 
 We believe our growth opportunity has three key facets: continued investment in expanding our core technology, development of new applications that extend our core technology into innovative applications, and expansion of our target market beyond automobiles. Successful execution of these key objectives could lead to the greater penetration of our offerings and key enabling technologies throughout our target markets, resulting in an increase in the revenue we are able to capture per vehicle and expansion of our market share relative to competitors. 
 Our primary strategies for pursuing our growth include the following: 
 Maintain and extend product leadership . We intend to continue investing in developing our core product functionality and expanding the breadth of categories and domains our software platform is able to address, particularly with a view toward maintaining our market share in edge software components and growing our share in cloud-connected software functionalities. Our existing relationship with, and our proximity in the design process to, OEMs provides us with insight into the needs of the end-users and roadmaps for innovation. For instance, this insight has helped us identify and advance our technologies for autonomous driving systems, which technologies have been incorporated in solutions currently under development. Additionally, we intend to continue to invest in customizing and supporting our solutions for specific individual automobile vehicle models, resulting in tight integration of our solutions. We believe that increasing complexity of our edge software components, including with respect to multi-modal interaction, and growth in our cloud-connected product areas, including the enabling of third-party services, will enable us to increase the revenue per vehicle that we are able to generate. Additionally, we believe that these investments will help maintain our position with existing customers through new vehicle models and enable us to grow with the overall market for automotive cognitive assistance. 

Continue to invest in interoperability with third-party virtual assistants . We believe that the growing popularity of third-party virtual assistants is creating increasing demand for access to these assistants as part of the mobility experience. We also believe that complete automotive cognitive assistance requires the coexistence of multiple virtual assistants. We intend to continue to invest to develop our software platform s interoperability with third-party virtual assistants and its cognitive arbitration capabilities to maintain its position as a neutral automotive cognitive assistance platform. We believe a neutral automotive cognitive assistance platform will increasingly be valued by OEMs that prioritize maintaining their unique and branded in-car experience and the ability to control the mobility experience overall. 

Deliver new functionality to existing installed base. Our solutions have been installed in more than 475 million vehicles to date. Our large installed base represents an opportunity to deliver new features and software. Depending on system capabilities, we are able to deliver updated functionality to our users in the form of embedded software upgrades performed by dealers and over-the-air updates delivered from the cloud. 

Develop products that leverage our expertise in new applications. We have developed new products that leverage our expertise in voice-AI into new applications that will be distinct from our Edge or Cloud-connected product offerings. These new applications are expected to generate revenue using either a subscription or transaction-based model extending the company s market opportunity into new areas. 

Expand into adjacent transportation markets. Today, we primarily target the automobile market. However, our products and technology also have application to other modes of transportation. Any types of vehicles that move people are potential applications for our technology. We have integrated our technologies and solutions within the two-wheel vehicle market and have explored opportunities in trucks and recreational vehicles, public transit, and fleet markets. In total, we believe these adjacent markets represent an important growth opportunity. 

11 

Competition 
 The automobile cognitive assistance market is competitive. Today, we face two primary sets of competitors: 
 Large technology companies . Many large technology companies, including Amazon, Apple, Google, Microsoft, Alibaba, Baidu and Tencent, offer Internet-based virtual assistants. Given the popularity in general of these virtual assistants, we believe that automobile drivers and riders increasingly desire the ability to use them as part of the mobility experience. To meet this demand, some of these companies have invested in technologies, such as Apple CarPlay, to make their virtual assistants more accessible within vehicle cabins. 

While these third-party virtual assistants directly compete with some of the functionality we provide as part of our software platform, they also increase the need for our software platform in two ways. First, given the fragmented and competitive nature of the virtual assistant market, it is important for OEMs and suppliers to enable their passengers to utilize a variety of virtual assistants. Our software platform s cognitive arbitration functionality can, dependent on appropriate third-party agreements, enable OEMs and suppliers to provide access to multiple third-party virtual assistants through a consistent, branded interface. Second, the noisy environment of a vehicle cabin presents significant speech processing challenges for smartphone-based third-party virtual assistants that are not designed for a specific vehicle model. Our software platform integrates with third-party virtual assistants and improves their functionality by improving the quality of speech input. 
 Small, focused competitors . We compete for business directly with certain companies focused on voice-based virtual assistance, including SoundHound in the U.S., iFlyTek in China, and other regional and technology-focused competitors. These companies have had some success selling into our customer base. However, we believe that we have multiple meaningful competitive advantages, including our scale, our globally distributed team, our best-in-class portfolio of compatible languages, and our deep experience and focus on the automotive market. We also believe that our technology, particularly our speech signal enhancement and acoustic tuning, is superior based on benchmarking results against our competitors. We believe we will continue to be able to compete successfully against these competitors as we continue to invest in our offerings. 

Our industry has attracted, and may continue to attract, new entrants. Although we find that OEMs often prefer to maintain relationships with suppliers that have a proven record of performance, they also rigorously reevaluate suppliers on the basis of product quality, price, reliability and timeliness of delivery, product design capability, technical expertise and development capability, new product innovation, financial viability, operational flexibility, customer service and overall management. 
 Technology 
 Our software platform s edge and cloud-connected software components are based on a number of proprietary technologies. We customize these technologies for specific vehicle models and continuously update and improve our features and functionality. Our key technologies include but are not limited to the following: 
 Speech Signal Enhancement . A high-quality voice input signal is a precondition to reliable speech recognition and cognitive assistance. However, in a typical vehicle cabin, ambient interior sounds and noise from around the vehicle mix with infotainment system output and conversations between passengers, create a complex soundscape that can obscure virtual assistant requests. Audio signal processing technologies are therefore critical to the cognitive assistance experience. We have been developing and combining highly advanced audio signal enhancement technologies for over 20 years, and we tune our software in relation to the placement of microphones in a vehicle to create defined acoustic zones and support the isolation of individual speakers. Our technologies deliver best-in-class speech recognition results, as evidenced by tests performed by our customers to assess correct recognition of words, sentences, and domains, in which our solutions have achieved some of the highest marks relative to competitors. 

Automatic Speech Recognition . Our speech recognition technology, built using neural networks and specifically designed for automotive applications, is recognized as the automotive industry leader in automatic speech recognition. We support over 70 languages and dialects, representing the largest language portfolios in the speech industry. Key features of our speech recognition technology include free-form conversational interpretation, as opposed to a rigid system of predefined commands, and barge-in capabilities, enabling users to correct and modify their requests in the middle of stating them. 

Natural Language Understanding . Once speech has been captured and accurately converted into words, natural language understanding technology, or NLU, is necessary to match the request to the appropriate category and domain to interpret the user s intent. Our NLU system applies artificial intelligence reasoning, including predefined and learned preferences and real-time contextual information, to deliver informative responses consistent with what a user desires. NLU processing is performed by a hybrid of edge and cloud-connected software components to optimize performance, efficiency, reliability and security. 

12 

Vocalizer: Text-to-Speech and Natural Language Generation . In many cases, the most useful result of a spoken query or command is a spoken response back to the user. To enable cognitive assistants to speak, we offer text-to-speech technology in more than 65 languages and dialects and over 145 distinct voices. We also have developed the technology to read text using human-like inflection and emotion, as well as, offer custom voices for customers who wish to differentiate themselves through an exclusive personality representing their brand. 

Voice Biometrics . Our software platform includes biometric functionality which can authenticate and personalize the automotive experience by recognizing users based on their voice and automatically load individual preferences and other automotive settings. 

Push-to-Talk, Wake-Up Words and Just Talk . Through our software platform, we are capable of offering three methods for invoking the virtual assistant, which can be implemented alone or in combination: 

Push-to-Talk functionality, most commonly implemented as a button on the steering wheel or center console. 

Wake-Up Word functionality, involving a spoken keyword or phrase, such as Hey BMW . 

Just Talk . Our active listening technology, filters out background noise and irrelevant conversation until it hears a keyword, phrase, or command that it understands as related to an applicable domain and which is intended as a virtual assistant request. False triggers are minimized through sophisticated syntax, cadence and intonation analysis performed in real-time and can be further reduced using automobile sensors such as head or body movement trackers. 

Cognitive Arbitration. Our cognitive arbitration technology can route arbitrary requests to the most appropriate virtual assistant or bot, including third-party virtual assistants. 

Non-Speech, Multimodal Input. Our technology seeks to mimic conversational human interaction by incorporating input methods beyond speech. Our multimodal capabilities allow vehicle systems to accept multiple forms of input such as voice, gestures, gaze, predictive text and handwriting. 

Multi-Seat Intelligence . Due to its flexible design, our speech signal enhancement technology can be easily configured for complex multi-zone scenarios with various users and nearly arbitrary microphone configurations. Dedicated processing modes enable efficient and robust multi-user speech recognition in challenging acoustical environments. This allows for passenger interaction in individual zones like sharing music or interacting simultaneously with the car or infotainment systems, where some passengers can enjoy browsing their music by speech, while others can send emails or other work-related activities. 

Research and Development 
 We maintain technical engineering centers in major regions of the world that help develop our software platform and its underlying components and provide our customers with local engineering capabilities and design development. 
 We employ approximately 1,000 research and development personnel around the world, including scientists, engineers and technicians. Our total research and development expenses were approximately 123.3 million, 107.1 million and 112.1 million for fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We believe that continued investment in research and development will be critical for us to continue to deliver market-leading solutions for automotive cognitive assistance. Accordingly, we intend to continue to invest in our product portfolio and allocate capital and resources to our growth opportunities. 
 Customers 
 Our customers include all major OEMs or their tier 1 suppliers worldwide. Our automobile manufacturer customers, commonly referred to as OEMs, include BMW, XPeng, Stallantis, Ford, Daimler, Geely, Renault-Nissan, SAIC, Toyota, Harley Davidson, Volkswagen Group and many others and represented approximately 49 of our sales in fiscal year 2023. Our tier 1 supplier customers, who typically sell automobile components to the OEMs, include Aptiv, Bosch, Continental, DENSO TEN, NIO, Harman and many others and represented approximately 51 of our business in fiscal year 2023. 
 Our revenue base is geographically diverse. In fiscal year 2023, approximately 30 , 35 and 35 of our revenue came from the Americas, Europe and Asia, respectively. 
 Sales and Marketing and Professional Services 
 We market our offerings using a high-touch OEM solutions model. We sell directly to our customers, which include OEMs and suppliers and as described above under Customers , and for each of our customers we assign a team comprising sales and marketing 
 13 

as well as professional services personnel. Our customer contracts are bespoke and vary widely, but generally represent multi-year agreements providing visibility into future revenue and helping to support retention of customer relationships over the long term. 
 Our sales and marketing team includes approximately 100 employees. This team includes sales representatives, account managers, sales engineers, product managers and marketing experts. As we sell our offerings to all major OEMs or their tier 1 suppliers today, our sales strategy is primarily focused on leveraging our existing customer relationships. Account managers typically have longstanding relationships with specific customers and are distributed worldwide to provide local customer coverage. We oftentimes utilize customer-specific demo days and proof-of-concepts POCs in which we showcase our technology and capabilities to OEMs and tier 1 suppliers on an individual basis. These events help maintain our market presence and awareness of our platform s offerings while also providing opportunities to solicit feedback and input from our customers on our roadmap and future technologies. 
 Our professional services organization includes approximately 400 employees. These employees work with our customers in the design phase of the vehicle lifecycle to tailor our platform for specific requirements such as branding and also tune the software for the characteristics of a vehicle model. Our professional services team also provides post-design phase services through maintenance engagements, particular with respect to our cloud-connected solutions. The tight integration of our platform into our customers design process and their vehicles supports our ability to win future business with those customers. Like our sales representatives, our professional services employees often have longstanding relationships with specific customers and are distributed worldwide to provide local customer coverage. 
 Human Capital 
 Summary 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had approximately 1,700 full-time employees, including approximately 100 in sales and marketing, approximately 200 in administrative functions, approximately 400 in professional services, and approximately 1,000 in research and development. Approximately 90 of our employees are based outside of the United States. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union; however many of our employees in Europe are represented by workers councils or labor unions. To date, we have experienced no work stoppages and believe that we have a good relationship with our employees. 
 Culture and Work Environment 
 We re a group of highly motivated collaborators who share a common passion for creating meaningful change in our industry and shaping the future of mobility. We are committed to attracting and retaining the best and brightest talent and building a culture of transparency, trust, and respect. 
 We are proactively nurturing our culture by investing in our people, processes and professional development. We understand our people are critical for our continued success and are focused on helping our employees grow at every stage of their career. To help employees at every level develop professional skills to advance in their careers, we offer the Take Charge of Your Career Program. Through regular seminars and workshops, our people learn diverse skills that include leadership, negotiating, communicating, goal setting, and more. We provide access to world-class continuing education opportunities and resources including on-demand, self-paced learning opportunities via Linkedin Learning. 
 Our teams are also continuously connecting through our local social committees, which bring teams together while promoting engagement, inclusion, and community-service. With more than 80 employees serving on these committees and approximately 70 of employees participating in at least one event live or digitally, this employee-driven initiative supports our company s values. Our social committees organize numerous events including luncheons, karaoke, archery, yoga, hiking, fun runs, and community cleanup days. 
 Compensation, Rewards and Benefits 
 In addition to competitive base salaries, we provide incentive-based compensation programs to reward performance relative to key metrics. We also provide compensation in the form of restricted stock unit grants as well as a competitive time-off policy. We offer comprehensive benefit options, including retirement savings plans, medical insurance, dental insurance, vision insurance, life and disability insurance, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, and an employee stock purchase plan, among others. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 We are a global team that seeks to build a diverse and inclusive workplace built upon the different perspectives, beliefs, and backgrounds of our people. We embrace what makes us each unique. Strengthening diversity enables us to bring our collective ideas together to make the best decisions for the global community we serve. Our leadership and our people recognize that our efforts must include and support racial, ethnic, cultural, age, experience, gender, and LGBTQ+ diversity. To support our efforts, break down biases, and improve our ways of working collaboratively toward greater innovation, we have a company-wide Gender Diversity Program designed to elevate female and underrepresented voices within our teams. 
 14 

We are committed to pay fairness. To that end, we performed a compensation analysis across the organization. Our analysis confirmed our commitment to a healthy, fair compensation system. Overall, in each country large enough to permit statistical comparisons, we saw no significant differences in pay by gender when controlling for factors such as job family, level, and years of service, nor did we see differences by gender or race in the United States. We will continue to monitor compensation fairness and, where necessary, will make compensation adjustments to ensure fairness. 
 A diverse business must be intentionally created. While we prioritize attracting top talent, we equally value developing our people. Our Women in Technology Group is an employee-led employee resource group ERG focused on promoting leadership development and career advancement for women within Cerence. Approximately 30 of women are actively involved, with more than 20 attending events regularly. 
 It s extremely important that every employee feel welcome and valued as we strive to make our company a great place to work. 
 Intellectual Property 
 As of September 30, 2023, we own approximately 752 patents and patent applications and other intellectual property. Prior to our Spin-Off from Nuance, we entered into an Intellectual Property Agreement, which provides us with certain non-exclusive rights with respect to patents that will continue to be held by Nuance. While no individual patent or group of patents, taken alone, is considered material to our business, in the aggregate, these patents and rights provide meaningful protection for our products, technologies, and technical innovations. 
 Item 1A. Ris k Factors. 
 You should carefully consider all of the information in this Form 10-K and each of the risks described below, which we believe are the material risks that we face. Some of the risks relate to our business, others to our intellectual property and technology, the consequences of the Spin-Off, the securities markets, our indebtedness and ownership of our securities. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made in this Form 10-K. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 The market in which we operate is highly competitive and rapidly changing and we may be unable to compete successfully. 
 There are a number of companies that develop or may develop products that compete in the automotive voice assistance market. The market for our products and services is characterized by intense competition, evolving industry and regulatory standards, emerging business and distribution models, disruptive software technology developments, short product and service life cycles, price sensitivity on the part of customers, and frequent new product introductions, including alternatives for certain of our products that offer limited functionality at significantly lower costs or free of charge. In addition, some of our competitors have business objectives that may drive them to sell their alternative offerings at a significant discount to our offerings in the automotive voice assistant market. Current and potential competitors have established, or may establish, cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties to increase the ability of their technologies to address the needs of our prospective customers. Furthermore, existing or prospective customers may decide to develop competing products or have established, or may in the future establish, strategic relationships with our competitors. We also face significant competition with respect to cloud-based solutions in the automotive cognitive assistance market where existing and new competitors may have or have already established significant market share and product offerings. 
 The competition in the automotive cognitive assistance market has and could adversely affect in the future, our operating results by reducing the volume of the products and solutions we license or sell or the prices we can charge. Some of our current or potential competitors are large technology companies that have significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do, and others are smaller specialized companies that possess automotive expertise or regional focus and may have greater price flexibility than we do. These competitors may be able to respond more rapidly than we can to new or emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements, or may decide to offer products at low or unsustainable cost to win new business. They may also devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of their products than we do, and in certain cases may be able to include or combine their competitive products or technologies with other of their products or technologies in a manner whereby the competitive functionality is available at lower cost or free of charge within the larger offering. To the extent they do so, penetration of our products, and therefore our revenue, may be adversely affected. Our large competitors may also have greater access to data, including customer data, which provides them with a competitive advantage in developing new products and technologies. Our success depends substantially upon our ability to enhance our products and technologies, to develop and introduce, on a timely and cost-effective basis, new products and features that meet changing customer requirements and incorporate technological enhancements, and to maintain 
 15 

our alignment with the OEMs, their technology and market strategies. If we are unable to develop new products and enhance functionalities or technologies to adapt to these changes and maintain our alignment with OEMs, our business will suffer. 
 Adverse conditions in the automotive industry or the global economy more generally could have adverse effects on our results of operations. 
 Our business depends on, and is directly affected by, the global automobile industry. Automotive production and sales are highly cyclical and depend on general economic conditions and other factors, including consumer spending and preferences, changes in interest rate levels and credit availability, consumer confidence, fuel costs, fuel availability, environmental impact, governmental incentives and regulatory requirements, and political volatility, especially in energy-producing countries and growth markets. Such factors have in the past and may in the future also negatively impact consumer demand for automobiles that include features such as our products. In addition, automotive production and sales can be affected by our customers ability to continue operating in response to challenging economic conditions, and in response to labor relations issues, regulatory requirements, trade agreements and other factors. The volume of global automotive production has fluctuated, sometimes significantly, from year to year, and such fluctuations give rise to fluctuations in the demand for our products. Moreover, the automotive industry has recently experienced, and may continue to experience, a semiconductor shortage, which has negatively impacted the production of new vehicles. Any significant adverse change in any of these factors, including, but not limited to, general economic conditions and the resulting bankruptcy of a customer, the closure of a customer manufacturing facility or the ability of a customer manufacturing facility to obtain supplies to manufacture automobiles and to ship or receive shipments of parts, supplies or finished product, may result in a reduction in automotive sales and production by our customers, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In recent months, we have observed increased economic uncertainty in the United States and abroad. Impacts of such economic weakness include: 
 falling overall demand for goods and services, leading to reduced profitability; 

reduced credit availability; 

higher borrowing costs; 

reduced liquidity; 

volatility in credit, equity and foreign exchange markets; and 

bankruptcies. 

Events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions or the financial services industry generally, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB ), was placed into receivership with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ), which resulted in all funds held at SVB being temporarily inaccessible by SVB s customers. Although we do not have deposits with SVB, or any other financial institution currently in receivership, we maintain deposits at financial institutions as a part of doing business that could be at risk if another similar event were to occur. If other banks and financial institutions enter receivership or become insolvent in the future in response to financial conditions affecting the banking system and financial markets, then our ability to access our cash and cash equivalents may be threatened and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. In addition, if any of our customers, suppliers or other parties with whom we conduct business are unable to access funds pursuant to such instruments or lending arrangements with such a financial institution, such parties ability to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new commercial arrangements requiring additional payments to us could be adversely affected. 
 These developments, along with continued uncertainty about economic stability related to the global outbreak of COVID-19 and more recently the Russian invasion of Ukraine and the developing conflict between Israel and Hamas, have resulted in supply chain disruption, inflation, higher interest rates, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and uncertainty about business continuity, which may adversely affect our business and our results of operations. As our customers react to global economic conditions and the potential for a global recession, we may see them reduce spending on our products and take additional precautionary measures to limit or delay expenditures and preserve capital and liquidity. Reductions in spending on our solutions, delays in automobile production or purchasing decisions, lack of renewals or the inability to attract new customers, as well as pressure for extended billing terms or pricing discounts, would limit our ability to grow our business and negatively affect our operating results and financial condition. 
 Pandemics or disease outbreaks, such as COVID-19, have disrupted, and may continue to disrupt, our business, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 
 Our business depends on, and is directly affected by, the output and sales of the global automotive industry and the use of automobiles by consumers. Pandemics or disease outbreaks, such as COVID-19, have disrupted, and may continue to disrupt, global 
 16 

automotive industry customer sales and production volumes. Vehicle production initially decreased significantly in China, which was first affected by COVID-19, then Europe and also the United States. Subsequent events resulted in the shutdown of manufacturing operations in China, Europe and the United States, and even though manufacturing operations have resumed, the capacity of such global manufacturing operations remains uncertain. More recently, we have seen, and anticipate that we will continue to see, supply chain challenges in the automotive industry related to semiconductor devices that are used in automobiles. As a result, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, difficulties in entering into new contracts with our customers, a decline in revenues resulting from the decrease in the production and sale of automobiles by our customers, the use of automobiles, increased difficulties in collecting payment obligations from our customers and the possibility customers will stall or not continue existing projects. These all may be further exacerbated by the global economic downturn resulting from the pandemic which could further decrease consumer demand for vehicles or result in the financial distress of one or more of our customers. 
 The pandemic has already resulted in, and may continue to result in, work stoppages, slowdowns and delays, travel restrictions, and other factors that cause a decrease in the production and sale of automobiles by our customers. The production of automobiles with our products has been and may continue to be adversely affected with production delays and our ability to provide engineering support and implement design changes for customers may be impacted by restrictions on travel and quarantine policies put in place by businesses and governments. The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our financial performance will depend on future developments, many of which are outside of our control, are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and spread of COVID-19, including variants, its severity, the effectiveness of actions to treat or contain the virus and its impact and the extent to which normal economic and operating conditions are impacted. The COVID-19 pandemic could also result in additional governmental restrictions and regulations, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic has lessened or subsided, we may continue to experience adverse impacts on our business and financial performance, our ability to access needed capital and liquidity, and the value of our common stock as a result of its global economic impact. 
 Our strategy to increase cloud connected services may adversely affect our near-term revenue growth and results of operations. 
 Our leadership position has historically been derived from our products and services based on edge software technology. We have been and are continuing to develop new products and services that incorporate cloud-connected components. The design and development of new cloud-connected components will involve significant expense. Our research and development costs have greatly increased in recent years and, together with certain expenses associated with delivering our connected services, are projected to continue to escalate in the near future. We may encounter difficulties with designing, developing and releasing new cloud-connected components, as well as integrating these components with our existing hybrid technologies. These development issues may further increase costs and may affect our ability to innovate in a manner demanded by the market. As a result, our strategy to incorporate more cloud-connected components may adversely affect our revenue growth and results of operations. 
 Pricing pressures from our customers may adversely affect our business. 
 We have in the past, and may in the future experience pricing pressure from our customers, including from the strong purchasing power of major OEMs. As a developer of automotive cognitive assistance components, we have been in the past, and may be in the future, expected to quote fixed prices or be forced to accept prices with annual price reduction commitments for long-term sales arrangements or discounted reimbursements for our work. We have in the past, and may in the future encounter customers unwilling to accept the terms of our software license or non-recurring engineering agreements. Any price reductions could impact our sales and profit margins. Our future profitability will depend upon, among other things, our ability to continuously reduce the costs for our components and maintain our cost structure. Our profitability is also influenced by our success in designing and marketing technological improvements in automotive cognitive assistance systems. If we are unable to offset any price reductions in the future, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 We invest effort and money seeking OEMs validation of our technology, and there can be no assurance that we will win or be able to renew service contracts, which could adversely affect our future business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We invest effort and money from the time an OEM or a tier 1 supplier begins designing for an upcoming program to the date on which the customer chooses our technology to be incorporated directly or indirectly into one or more specific vehicle models to be produced by the customer. This selection process is known as a design win. We could expend our resources without success, and in the past we have not always been selected despite the investment of effort and money. After a design win, it is typically quite difficult for a product or technology that did not receive the design win to displace the winner until the customer begins a new selection process because it is very unlikely that a customer will change complex technology until a vehicle model is revamped. In addition, the company with the winning design may have an advantage with the customer going forward because of the established relationship between the winning company and such customer, which could make it more difficult for such company s competitors to win the designs for other service contracts. Even if we have an established relationship with a customer, any failure to perform under a service 
 17 

contract or innovate in response to their feedback may neutralize our advantage with that customer. If we fail to win a significant number of customer design competitions in the future or to renew a significant number of existing service contracts, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. Moreover, due to the evolution of our connected offerings and architecture, trending away from providing legacy infotainment and connected services and a change in our professional services pricing strategies, we expect our deferred revenue balances to decrease in the future, including due to a wind-down of a legacy connected service relationship with a major OEM, since the majority of the cash from the contract has been collected. To the extent we are unable to renew existing service contracts, such decrease could intensify. The period of time from winning a contract to implementation is long and we are subject to the risks of cancellation or postponement of the contract or unsuccessful implementation. 
 Our products are technologically complex and incorporate many technological innovations. Prospective customers generally must make significant commitments of resources to test and validate our products before including them in any particular vehicle model. The development cycles of our products with new customers are approximately six months to two years after a design win, depending on the customer and the complexity of the product. These development cycles result in us investing our resources prior to realizing any revenues from the customer contracts. Further, we are subject to the risk that a customer cancels or postpones implementation of our technology, as well as the risk that we will not be able to implement our technology successfully. Further, our sales could be less than forecast if the vehicle model is unsuccessful, including reasons unrelated to our technology. Long development cycles and product cancellations or postponements may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our business could be materially and adversely affected if we lost any of our largest customers. 
 The loss of business from any of our major customers, whether by lower overall demand for vehicles, cancellation of existing contracts or the failure to award us new business, has in the past and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Alternatively, there is a risk that one or more of our major customers could be unable to pay our invoices as they become due or that a customer will simply refuse to make such payments given its financial difficulties. If a major customer becomes subject to bankruptcy or similar proceedings whereby contractual commitments are subject to stay of execution and the possibility of legal or other modification, or if a major customer otherwise successfully procures protection against us legally enforcing its obligations, it is likely that we will be forced to record a substantial loss. In addition, certain of our customers that are tier 1 suppliers exclusively sell to certain OEMs, including some of our other customers. A bankruptcy of, or other significant disruption to, any of these OEMs could intensify any adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 
 Our operating results may fluctuate significantly from period to period, and this may cause our stock price to decline. 
 Our revenue and operating results may fluctuate materially in the future. These fluctuations may cause our results of operations to not meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors which would likely cause the price of our stock to decline. Factors that may contribute to fluctuations in operating results include: 
 given our limited customer base, the volume, timing and fulfillment of large customer contracts; 

renewals of existing customer contracts and wins of new customer programs; 

our mix of variable, fixed prepaid or fixed minimum purchase commitment license contracts; 

increased expenditures incurred pursuing new product or market opportunities; 

the timing of the receipt of royalty reports; 

fluctuating sales by our customers to their end-users; 

contractual counterparties failing to meet their contractual commitments to us; 

introduction of new products by us or our competitors; 

cybersecurity or data breaches; 

reduction in the prices of our products in response to competition, market conditions or contractual obligations; 

impairment of goodwill or intangible assets; 

accounts receivable that are not collectible; 

higher than anticipated costs related to fixed-price contracts with our customers; 

change in costs due to regulatory or trade restrictions; 

18 

expenses incurred in litigation matters, whether initiated by us or brought by third-parties against us, and settlements or judgments we are required to pay in connection with disputes; 

changes in our stock compensation practices, as it relates to employee short-term incentive payments; and 

general economic trends as they affect the customer bases into which we sell. 

Due to the foregoing factors, among others, our financial and operating results may fluctuate significantly from period to period. Our expense levels are based in significant part on our expectations of future revenue, and we may not be able to reduce our expenses quickly to respond to near-term shortfalls in projected revenue. Therefore, our failure to meet revenue expectations would seriously harm our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. 
 We may not be successful with the adoption of new products. 
 Part of our growth strategy includes the successful introduction of new products that will rely on subscription or transactional-based revenue generation. These represent new applications and we cannot assure the introduction of these new products, the level of adoption of these new products, or how quickly they can ramp to generate meaningful revenue. The development and launch of new products will require maintaining adequate resources, such as the appropriate personnel and technology to develop such products. We may experience delays between the time we incur expenses associated with the development and launch of new products and the revenue generated from the products. In addition, anticipated demand for the new products could decrease after we have spent time and resources on the development of the new product, or our efforts may not lead to the successful introduction of new products that are competitive, which would harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If we are unable to attract and retain management and other key personnel, our business could be harmed. 
 If any of our management or other key employees were to leave, we could face substantial difficulty in hiring qualified successors and could experience a loss in productivity while any successor obtains the necessary training and experience. Although we have arrangements with some of our executive officers designed to promote retention, our employment relationships are generally at-will and we have had management and other key employees leave in the past. We cannot assure you that one or more management or other key employees will not leave in the future. The departure of key leadership personnel, in particular, can take significant knowledge and experience from the Company. While this loss of knowledge and experience can be mitigated through a successful transition, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in such efforts. If we do not successfully manage the transition of management positions, it could be viewed negatively by our customers, employees or investors and could have an adverse impact on our business and strategic direction. A change in senior management, such as we experienced over the past years, also could result in our future strategy and plans differing from those of the past. Further, we intend to continue to hire additional highly qualified personnel, including research and development and operational personnel, but may not be able to attract, assimilate or retain qualified personnel in the future. Any failure to attract, integrate, motivate and retain these employees could harm our business. 
 We depend on skilled employees and could be impacted by a shortage of critical skills. 
 Much of our future success depends on the continued service and availability of skilled employees, particularly with respect to technical areas. Skilled and experienced personnel in the areas where we compete are in high demand, and competition for their talents is intense. We expect that many of our key employees will receive a total compensation package that includes equity awards. New regulations or volatility in the stock market could diminish our use, and the value, of our equity awards. This would place us at a competitive disadvantage in attracting qualified personnel or force us to offer more cash compensation. 
 Some of our employees are represented by workers councils or unions or are subject to local laws that are less favorable to employers than the laws of the U.S. 
 Most of our employees in Europe are represented by workers councils or unions. Although we believe we have a good working relationship with our employees and their legal representatives, they must approve any changes in terms which may impede efforts to restructure our workforce. 
 Cybersecurity and data privacy incidents or breaches may damage client relations and inhibit our growth. 
 The confidentiality and security of our information, and that of third parties, is critical to our business. In particular, our services involve the transmission, use, and storage of customers and their customers information, which may be confidential or contain personally identifiable information. Our internal computer systems and those of our current or future service providers, contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. Attacks on information technology systems are increasing in their frequency, levels of 
 19 

persistence, sophistication and intensity, and they are being conducted by increasingly sophisticated and organized groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise. The prevalent use of mobile devices also increases the risk of data security incidents. 
 While we maintain a broad array of information security and privacy measures, policies and practices, our networks may be breached through a variety of means, resulting in someone obtaining unauthorized access to our information, to information of our customers or their customers, or to our intellectual property; disabling or degrading service; or sabotaging systems or information. In addition, hardware, software, systems, or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through fraud or other forms of deceiving our employees, contractors, and vendors. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to sabotage systems, change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. 
 While we have not experienced any material system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations or the operations of third-party service providers, contractors and consultants, it could result in significant reputational, financial, legal, regulatory, business or operational harm. Any cybersecurity or data privacy incident or breach may result in: 
 loss of revenue resulting from the operational disruption; 

loss of revenue or increased bad debt expense due to the inability to invoice properly or to customer dissatisfaction resulting in collection issues; 

loss of revenue due to loss of customers; 

material remediation costs to recreate or restore systems; 

material investments in new or enhanced systems in order to enhance our information security posture; 

cost of incentives offered to customers to restore confidence and maintain business relationships; 

reputational damage resulting in the failure to retain or attract customers; 

costs associated with potential litigation or governmental investigations, enforcement actions or regulatory fines; 

claims by third parties asserting that we have breached our privacy, confidentiality, data security or similar obligations; 

costs associated with any required notices of a data breach; 

costs associated with the potential loss of critical business data; 

difficulties enhancing or creating new products due to loss of data or data integrity issues; and 

other consequences of which we are not currently aware of but will discover through the remediation process. 

In addition, our liability insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyberattacks and other related breaches. While we expect to continue to incur significant costs to continuously enhance our information security measures to defend against the threat of cybercrime, there can be no assurance that such measures will successfully prevent service interruptions, data security incidents and other security breaches. Any cybersecurity or data privacy incidents could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Compliance with global privacy and data security requirements could result in additional costs and liabilities to us or inhibit our ability to collect and process data globally, and the failure to comply with such requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Privacy and data security have become significant issues in the U.S., Europe and in many other jurisdictions where we conduct or may in the future conduct our operations. The regulatory framework for the collection, use, safeguarding, sharing and transfer of information worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. Globally, virtually every jurisdiction in which we operate has established its own data security and privacy frameworks with which we must comply. 
 Notably, for example, on May 25, 2018, the European General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679, which is commonly referred to as GDPR, took effect. The GDPR applies to any company established in the European Economic Area EEA as well as any company outside the EEA that collects or otherwise processes personal data in connection with the offering of goods or services to individuals in the EEA or the monitoring of their behavior. The GDPR enhances data protection obligations for processors and controllers of personal data, including, providing information to individuals regarding data processing activities, implementing 
 20 

safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of personal data, providing notification of data breaches, requirements to conduct data protection impact assessments and taking certain measures when engaging third-party processors. The GDPR imposes additional obligations and risk upon our business and substantially increases the penalties to which we could be subject in the event of any non-compliance. Failure to comply with the requirements of the GDPR may result in warning letters, mandatory audits, orders to cease/change the use of data, and financial penalties. 
 Further, European data protection laws also prohibit the transfer of personal data from the EEA and Switzerland to third countries that are not considered to provide adequate protections for personal data, including the U.S. With regard to transfers of personal data from the EEA, transfers to third countries that have not been approved as adequate are prohibited unless an appropriate safeguard specified by the GDPR is implemented, such as the Standard Contractual Clauses, or SCCs, approved by the European Commission or binding corporate rules, or a derogation applies. European regulators have issued recent guidance that imposes significant new diligence requirements on transferring data outside the European Union, including under an approved transfer mechanism. Where relying on the SCCs for data transfers, we may also be required to carry out transfer impact assessments to assess whether the recipient is subject to local laws which allow public authority access to personal data. 
 In addition, we are subject to Swiss data protection laws, including the Federal Act on Data Protection, or the FADP. While the FADP provides broad protections to personal data, on September 25, 2020, the Swiss federal Parliament enacted a revised version of the FADP, which became effective September 1, 2023. The new version of the FADP aligns Swiss data protection law with the GDPR. 
 Further, in addition to existing European data protection law, the European Union also is considering another draft data protection regulation. The proposed regulation, known as the Regulation on Privacy and Electronic Communications, or ePrivacy Regulation, would replace the current ePrivacy Directive. New rules related to the ePrivacy Regulation are likely to include enhanced consent requirements in order to use communications content and communications metadata, as well as obligations and restrictions on the processing of data from an end-user s terminal equipment, which may negatively impact our product offerings and our relationships with our customers. 
 As another prominent example, we are also subject to data protection regulation in the UK. Following the UK s withdrawal from the EU on January 31, 2020 and the end of the transitional arrangements agreed between the UK and EU as of January 1, 2021, the GDPR has been incorporated into UK domestic law. United Kingdom-based organizations doing business in the European Union will need to continue to comply with the GDPR. Although the UK is regarded as a third country under the EU s GDPR, the European Commission recognizes the UK as providing adequate protection under the EU GDPR and, therefore, transfers of personal data originating in the EU to the UK remain unrestricted. Like the EU GDPR, the UK GDPR restricts personal data transfers outside the UK to countries not regarded by the UK as providing adequate protection. The UK government has confirmed that personal data transfers from the UK to the EEA remain free flowing. The Information Commissioner s Office, or ICO, has recently introduced new mechanisms for international transfers of personal data originating from the UK (an International Data Transfer Agreement, or IDTA, along with a separate addendum to the EU SCCs). We will be required to implement these new safeguards when conducting restricted cross-border data transfers and doing so will require significant effort and cost. 
 In addition to European data protection requirements, we face a growing body of privacy and data security requirements in the United States. At the legislative level, for example, in June 2018, California enacted the CCPA, which became operative on January 1, 2020 and broadly defines personal information, gives California residents expanded privacy rights and protections, and provides for civil penalties for violations and a private right of action for data breaches. Additionally, the CPRA, a ballot initiative approved in November 2020, which went into effect on January 1, 2023 significantly modified the CCPA, including by expanding consumers rights and establishing a new state agency that has authority to implement and enforce the CPRA. Notably, twelve other states have passed comparable legislation and many others are considering proposals for similar broad consumer privacy laws. Moreover, other states have enacted privacy laws with a more limited scope, such as the state of Washington which has enacted legislation that is focused on health privacy and a small number of states have enacted laws that target biometric privacy. Furthermore, the United States Federal Trade Commission and many state attorney generals are interpreting existing federal and state consumer protection laws as imposing standards for the online collection, use, dissemination, and security of data. 
 The regulatory framework governing the collection, processing, storage, use and sharing of certain information, particularly financial and other personal data, is rapidly evolving and is likely to continue to be subject to uncertainty and varying interpretations. In addition to new and strengthened laws and regulations in the U.S., European Union, and United Kingdom, many foreign jurisdictions have passed new laws, strengthened existing laws, or are contemplating new laws regulating personal data. For example, we are subject to stringent privacy and data protection requirements in many countries including Singapore and Japan. Additional jurisdictions with stringent data protection laws include Brazil and China. We also continue to see jurisdictions, such as Russia, imposing data localization laws, which under Russian laws require personal information of Russian citizens to be, among other data processing operations, initially collected, stored, and modified in Russia. 
 21 

Preparing for and complying with the evolving application of these laws has required and will continue to require us to incur substantial operational costs and may interfere with our intended business activities, inhibit our ability to expand into certain markets or prohibit us from continuing to offer services in those markets without significant additional costs. It is possible that these laws may impose, or may be interpreted and applied to impose, requirements that are inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the features of our services and platform capabilities. Any failure or perceived failure by us, or any third parties with which we do business, to comply with our posted privacy policies, changing consumer expectations, evolving laws, rules and regulations, industry standards, or contractual obligations to which we or such third parties are or may become subject, may result in actions or other claims against us by governmental entities or private actors, the expenditure of substantial costs, time and other resources, may cause our customers to lose confidence in our solutions, harm our reputation, expose us to litigation, regulatory investigations and resulting liabilities including reimbursement of customer costs, damages, penalties or fines imposed by regulatory agencies; and require us to incur significant expenses for remediation. 
 The development and use of artificial intelligence or AI (AI) presents risks and challenges that can impact our business including by posing security risks to our confidential information, proprietary information, and personal data and could give rise to legal and/or regulatory actions, damage our reputation or otherwise materially harm our business. 
 We develop and incorporate AI technology in certain of our products and services and plan to develop and incorporate additional AI technology in future products and services. Issues in the development and use of AI, including generative AI tools and large language models, combined with an uncertain regulatory environment, may result in reputational harm, liability, or other adverse consequences to our business operations. AI presents risks, challenges, and unintended consequences that could affect our and our customers adoption and use of this technology. AI algorithms and training methodologies may be flawed. Additionally, AI technologies are complex and rapidly evolving, and we face significant competition in the market and from other companies regarding such technologies. Our vendors may incorporate generative AI tools into their offerings without disclosing this use to us, and the providers of these generative AI tools may not meet existing or rapidly evolving regulatory or industry standards with respect to privacy and data protection and may inhibit our or our vendors ability to maintain an adequate level of service and experience. If we, our vendors, or our third-party partners experience an actual or perceived breach of privacy or security incident because of the use of AI, we may lose valuable intellectual property and confidential information and our reputation and the public perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed. Further, bad actors around the world use increasingly sophisticated methods, including the use of AI, to engage in illegal activities involving the theft and misuse of personal information, confidential information, and intellectual property. While we aim to develop and use AI responsibly and attempt to identify and mitigate ethical and legal issues presented by its use, we may be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving issues before they arise. AI-related issues, deficiencies and/or failures could (i) give rise to legal and/or regulatory actions, including with respect to proposed legislation regulating AI in jurisdictions such as the EEA, and as a result of new applications of existing data protection, privacy, intellectual property, and other laws; (ii) damage our reputation; or (iii) otherwise materially harm our business. 
 A significant portion of our revenues are derived, and a significant portion of our research and development activities are based, outside the United States. Our results could be harmed by economic, political, and regulatory risks associated with these international regions and foreign currency fluctuations. 
 Because we operate worldwide, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. We generate most of our international revenue in Europe and Asia, and we anticipate that revenue from international operations will increase in the future. In addition, some of our products are developed outside the United States. We conduct a significant portion of the development of our voice recognition and natural language understanding solutions in Canada and Germany. We also have significant research and development resources in Belgium, China, India, Italy, and the United Kingdom. We are exposed to fluctuating exchange rates of foreign currencies, including the euro, British pound, Canadian dollar, Chinese RMB, Japanese yen, Indian rupee and South Korean won. Accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors associated with international sales and operations, including: 
 adverse political and economic conditions, or changes to such conditions, in a specific region or country; 

trade protection measures, including tariffs and import/export controls, imposed by the United States and/or by other countries or regional authorities such as China, Canada or the European Union; 

the impact on local and global economies of the United Kingdom leaving the European Union; 

changes in foreign currency exchange rates or the lack of ability to hedge certain foreign currencies; 

compliance with laws and regulations in many countries, including with respect to data protection, anticorruption, labor relations, tax, foreign currency, anti-competition, import, export and trade regulations, and any subsequent changes in such laws and regulations; 

22 

geopolitical turmoil, including terrorism and war, such as the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the developing conflict between Israel and Hamas; 

changing data privacy regulations and customer requirements to locate data centers in certain jurisdictions; 

evolving restrictions on cross-border investment, including recent enhancements to the oversight by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States pursuant to the Foreign Investment Risk Preview Modernization Act and substantial restrictions on investment from China; 

changes in applicable tax laws; 

difficulties in staffing and managing operations in multiple locations in many countries; 

longer payment cycles of foreign customers and timing of collections in foreign jurisdictions; and 

less effective protection of intellectual property than in the United States. 

Our business in China is subject to aggressive competition and is sensitive to economic, market and political conditions. 
 We operate in the highly competitive automotive cognitive assistance market in China and face competition from both international and smaller domestic manufacturers. We anticipate that additional competitors, both domestic and international, may seek to enter the Chinese market resulting in increased competition. Increased competition may result in price reductions, reduced margins and our inability to gain or hold market share. There have been periods of increased market volatility and moderation in the levels of economic growth in China, which resulted in periods of lower automotive production growth rates in China than those previously experienced. In addition, political tensions between China and the United States may negatively impact our ability to conduct business in China. If we are unable to grow or maintain our position in the Chinese market, the pace of growth slows or vehicle sales in China decrease, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Government regulations and business considerations may also require us to conduct business in China through joint ventures with Chinese companies. Our participation in joint ventures would limit our control over Chinese operations and may expose our proprietary technologies to misappropriation by joint venture partners. The above risks, if realized, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Interruptions or delays in our services or services from data center hosting facilities or public clouds could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business. 
 Because our services are complex and incorporate a variety of third-party hardware and software, our services may have errors or defects that could result in unanticipated downtime for our customers and harm to our reputation and our business. We have from time to time, found defects in our services, and new errors in our services may be detected in the future. In addition, we currently serve our customers from data center hosting facilities or third-party public clouds we directly manage. Any damage to, or failure of, the systems and facilities that serve our customers in whole or in part could result in interruptions in our service. Interruptions in our service may reduce our revenue, cause us to issue credits or pay service level agreement penalties, cause customers to terminate their on-demand services, and adversely affect our renewal rates and our ability to attract new customers. 
 23 

If our goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, our operating results could be negatively impacted. 
 We have significant intangible assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets, which are susceptible to valuation adjustments as a result of changes in various factors or conditions. The most significant intangible assets are goodwill, customer relationships and patents and core technologies. Customer relationships are amortized over their estimated economic lives based on the pattern of economic benefits expected to be generated from the use of the asset. Technologies and patents are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. We assess the potential impairment of goodwill on an annual basis. Whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, we will be required to assess the potential impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets. Factors that could trigger an impairment of such assets include the following: 
 changes in our organization or management reporting structure that could result in additional reporting units, which may require alternative methods of estimating fair values or greater disaggregation or aggregation in our analysis by reporting unit; 

significant under performance relative to historical or projected future operating results; 

significant changes in the strategy for our overall business; 

significant negative industry or economic trends; 

significant decline in our stock price for a sustained period; and 

our market capitalization declining to below net book value. 

During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 213.7 million within the Consolidated Statement of Operations. Due to the update of our multi-year target plan, we concluded that indicators of impairment were present and performed a quantitative impairment test as of September 30, 2023. Based upon the results of the impairment test, no goodwill impairment was recorded as of September 30, 2023. 
 Future adverse changes in these or other unforeseeable factors could result in additional impairment charges that would impact our results of operations and financial position in the reporting period identified. 
 Risks Relating to our Intellectual Property and Technology 
 Third parties have claimed and may claim in the future that we are infringing their intellectual property, and we could be exposed to significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling our products if such claims are successful. 
 From time to time, we are subject to claims and legal actions alleging that we or our customers may be infringing or contributing to the infringement of the intellectual property rights of others. We may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of our technologies and products. If it appears necessary or desirable, we may seek licenses for these intellectual property rights. However, we may not be able to obtain licenses from some or all claimants, the terms of any offered licenses may not be acceptable to us, and we may not be able to resolve disputes without litigation. Any litigation regarding intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Intellectual property disputes could subject us to significant liabilities, require us to enter into royalty and licensing arrangements on unfavorable terms, prevent us from licensing certain of our products, cause severe disruptions to our operations or the markets in which we compete, or require us to satisfy indemnification commitments with our customers including contractual provisions under various arrangements. Any of these could seriously harm our business, financial condition or operations. 
 Unauthorized use of our proprietary technology and intellectual property could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Our success and competitive position depend in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property rights protecting our products and services. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets, confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements to establish and protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. Unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or discover aspects of our products or to obtain, license, sell or otherwise use information that we regard as proprietary. Policing unauthorized use of our products is difficult and we may not be able to protect our technology from unauthorized use. Additionally, our competitors may independently develop technologies that are substantially the same or superior to our technologies and that do not infringe our rights. In these cases, we would be unable to prevent our competitors from selling or licensing these similar or superior technologies. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Although the source code for our proprietary software is protected both as a trade secret and as a copyrighted work, litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, or to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Litigation, regardless of the outcome, can be very expensive and can divert management s efforts. 
 24 

Our software products may have bugs, which could result in delayed or lost revenue, expensive correction, liability to our customers and claims against us. 
 Complex software products such as ours may contain errors, defects or bugs. Defects in the solutions or products that we develop and sell to our customers could require expensive corrections and result in delayed or lost revenue, adverse customer reaction and negative publicity about us or our products and services. Customers who are not satisfied with any of our products may also bring claims against us for damages, which, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming to defend, and could result in costly litigation and payment of damages. Such claims could harm our reputation, financial results and competitive position. 
 We may be unable to respond quickly enough to changes in technology and technological risks and to develop our intellectual property into commercially viable products. 
 Changes in legislative, regulatory or industry requirements or in competitive technologies may render certain of our products obsolete or less attractive to our customers, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Our ability to anticipate changes in technology and regulatory standards and to successfully develop and introduce new and enhanced products on a timely basis will be a significant factor in our ability to be competitive. There is a risk that we will not be able to achieve the technological advances that may be necessary for us to be competitive or that certain of our products will become obsolete. Moreover, restrictions on the use of our technology over the next year under the Intellectual Property Agreement which we entered into with Nuance in connection with the Spin-Off may limit our ability to adapt to technology and regulatory developments and thereby compete effectively in the market. We are also subject to the risks generally associated with new product introductions and applications, including lack of market acceptance, delays in product development and failure of products to operate properly. These risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We utilize certain key technologies, content and services from, and integrate certain of our solutions with, third parties and may be unable to replace those technologies, content and services if they become obsolete, unavailable or incompatible with our solutions. 
 We utilize certain key technologies and content from, and/or integrate certain of our solutions with, hardware, software, services and content of third parties. Some of these vendors are also our competitors in various respects. These third-party vendors could, in the future, seek to charge us cost prohibitive fees for such use or integration or may design or utilize their solutions in a manner that makes it more difficult for us to continue to utilize their solutions, or integrate their technologies with our solutions, in the same manner or at all. Any significant interruption in the supply or maintenance of such third-party hardware, software, services or content could negatively impact our ability to offer our solutions unless and until we replace the functionality provided by this third-party hardware, software and/or content. In addition, we are dependent upon these third parties ability to enhance their current products, develop new products on a timely and cost-effective basis and respond to emerging industry standards and other technological changes. There can be no assurance that we would be able to replace the functionality or content provided by third-party vendors in the event that such technologies become obsolete or incompatible with future versions of our solutions or are otherwise not adequately maintained or updated. Any delay in or inability to replace any such functionality could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore, delays in the release of new and upgraded versions of third-party software applications could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Risks Relating to the Spin-Off 
 If the Spin-Off were determined not to qualify as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we could have an indemnification obligation to Nuance, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 On October 1, 2019, we were spun off from Nuance. Completion of the Spin-Off was conditioned on Nuance s receipt of a written opinion from its tax counsel to the effect that the Distribution will qualify for non-recognition of gain and loss under Section 355 and related provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code. 
 The opinion of counsel does not address any U.S. state or local or foreign tax consequences of the Spin-Off. The opinion assumed that the Spin-Off was completed according to the terms of the Separation and Distribution Agreement and relied on the facts as stated in the Separation and Distribution Agreement, the Tax Matters Agreement, the other ancillary agreements, Information Statement included as part of our registration statement on Form 10 and a number of other documents related to the Spin-Off. In addition, the opinion was based on certain assumptions as well as certain representations as to factual matters from, and certain covenants by, Nuance and us. The opinion cannot be relied on if any of the assumptions, representations or covenants are incorrect, incomplete or inaccurate or are violated in any material respect. 
 25 

If, as a result of any of our representations being untrue or our covenants being breached, the Spin-Off, and certain related transactions or certain transactions, were determined not to qualify for non-recognition of gain or loss under Section 355 and related provisions of the Code, we could be required to indemnify Nuance for the resulting taxes and related expenses. Those amounts could be material. Any such indemnification obligation could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve from the Spin-Off. 
 We believe that, as an independent, publicly traded company, we are able to, among other things, design and implement corporate strategies and policies and develop partnerships that are better targeted to our business s areas of strength and differentiation, better focus our financial and operational resources on those specific strategies, create effective incentives for our management and employees that are more closely tied to our business performance, provide investors more flexibility and enable us to achieve alignment with a more natural stockholder base and implement and maintain a capital structure designed to meet our specific needs. We may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve as an independent company in the time we expect, if at all, for a variety of reasons, including: 
 as an independent, publicly traded company, we may be more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events than if we were still a part of Nuance; and 

as an independent, publicly traded company, our businesses are less diversified than Nuance s businesses prior to the separation. 

If we fail to achieve some or all of the benefits that we expect to achieve as an independent company, or do not achieve them in the time we expect, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We may have potential business conflicts of interest with Nuance with respect to our past and ongoing relationships. 
 Conflicts of interest may arise between Nuance and us in a number of areas relating to our past and ongoing relationships, including: 
 labor, tax, employee benefit, indemnification and other matters arising from our separation from Nuance; 

intellectual property matters; 

employee recruiting and retention; and 

business combinations involving our company. 

We may not be able to resolve any potential conflicts, and, even if we do so, the resolution may be less favorable to us than if we were dealing with an unaffiliated party. 
 The allocation of intellectual property rights and data between Nuance and Cerence as part of the Spin-Off, the shared use of certain intellectual property rights and data following the Spin-Off and restrictions on the use of intellectual property rights, could adversely impact our reputation, our ability to enforce certain intellectual property rights that are important to us and our competitive position. 
 In connection with the Spin-Off, we entered into agreements with Nuance governing the allocation of intellectual property rights and data related to our business. These agreements include restrictions on our use of Nuance s intellectual property rights and data licensed to us, including limitations on the field of use in which we can exercise our license rights. As a result, we may not be able to pursue opportunities that require use of these license rights in industries other than the automotive industry and certain ancillary fields. Moreover, the licenses granted to us under Nuance s intellectual property rights and data are non-exclusive, so Nuance may be able to license the rights and data to third parties that may compete with us. These agreements could adversely affect our position and options relating to intellectual property enforcement, licensing negotiations and monetization and access to data used in our business. We also may not have sufficient rights to grant sublicenses of intellectual property or data used in our business, and we may be subject to third party rights pertaining to the underlying intellectual property or data. These circumstances could adversely affect our ability to protect our competitive position in the industry and otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 26 

Risks Relating to Our Securities and Indebtedness 
 The terms of the Senior Credit Facilities restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to incur debt that we may need to fund initiatives in response to changes in our business, the industry in which we operate, the economy and governmental regulations. 
 The terms of the Senior Credit Facilities include a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and limit our ability to engage in actions that may be in our long-term best interests. These restrict our ability to take some or all of the following actions: 
 incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or sell disqualified or preferred stock; 

pay dividends on, make distributions in respect of, repurchase or redeem capital stock; 

make investments or acquisitions; 

create liens; 

enter into sale/leaseback transactions; 

enter into agreements restricting the ability to pay dividends or make other intercompany transfers; 

enter into transactions with affiliates; 

prepay, repurchase or redeem certain kinds of indebtedness; 

consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of assets or sell stock of our subsidiaries; and/or 

significantly change the nature of our business. 

Furthermore, the lenders under the Senior Credit Facilities have required that we pledge our assets as collateral as security for our repayment obligations and that we abide by certain financial or operational covenants. Our ability to comply with such covenants and restrictions may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. If market or other economic conditions deteriorate, our ability to comply with these covenants may be impaired. A breach of any of these covenants, if applicable, could result in an event of default under the terms of the Senior Credit Facilities. If an event of default occurred, the lenders would have the right to accelerate the repayment of such debt, and the event of default or acceleration could result in the acceleration of the repayment of any other debt to which a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision applies. We might not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make these accelerated payments, and lenders could then proceed against any collateral. Any subsequent replacement of the agreements governing the Senior Credit Facilities or any new indebtedness could have similar or greater restrictions. The occurrence and ramifications of an event of default could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, as a result of all of these restrictions, we may be limited in how we conduct our business and pursue our strategy, unable to raise additional debt financing to operate during general economic or business downturns or unable to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. 
 We may evaluate whether to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the future, and the terms of our Senior Credit Facilities limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. 
 Our Board of Directors , or our Board's, decisions regarding the payment of dividends depends on consideration of many factors, such as our financial condition, earnings, sufficiency of distributable reserves, opportunities to retain future earnings for use in the operation of our business and to fund future growth, capital requirements, debt service obligations, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors that our Board deems relevant. Additionally, the terms of the Senior Credit Facilities limit our ability to pay cash dividends. There can be no assurance that we will pay a dividend in the future or continue to pay any dividend if we do commence paying dividends. 
 27 

Servicing our debt may require a significant amount of cash. We may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to pay our indebtedness, and we may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle for cash conversions of our outstanding notes (the Notes or to repurchase the Notes for cash upon a fundamental change, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 In June 2020, we issued an aggregate principal amount of 175 million 3.00 convertible senior notes due 2025, the 2025 Notes. The interest rate is fixed at 3.00 per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, beginning on December 1, 2020. In June 2023, we issued an aggregate principal amount of 210 million 1.50 convertible senior notes due 2028, the 2028 Notes , and together with the 2025 Notes and the 2025 Modified Notes (as defined below), the Notes . The interest rate is fixed at 1.50 per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on January 1 and July 1 of each year, beginning on January 1, 2024. We repurchased 87.5 million of the 2025 Notes with a portion of the proceeds from the sale of the 2028 Notes. 
 We may also incur additional indebtedness to meet future financing needs, including under our secured revolving credit facility portion of our Senior Credit Facilities. Our indebtedness could have significant negative consequences for our stockholders and our business, results of operations and financial condition by, among other things: (a) increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; (b) limiting our ability to obtain additional financing; (c) requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness, which will reduce the amount of cash available for other purposes; (d) limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business; (e) diluting the interests of our existing stockholders as a result of issuing our common stock upon conversion of the Notes; and (f) placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with competitors that are less leveraged than us or have better access to capital. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness, including the Notes, depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not generate cash flows from operations in the future that are sufficient to service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flows, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring debt, or obtaining additional debt financing or equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance any future indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations. In addition, our Senior Credit Facilities contain and any of our future debt agreements may contain restrictive covenants that may prohibit us from adopting any of these alternatives. 
 Holders of the Notes have the right to require us to repurchase their Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the indentures governing the Notes) at a repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. Upon conversion, unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our common stock to settle such conversion (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we will be required to make cash payments in respect of the Notes being converted. We may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases in connection with such conversion and our ability to pay may additionally be limited by law, by regulatory authority, or by agreements governing our existing and future indebtedness. Our failure to repurchase the Notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the indenture governing the Notes or to pay any cash payable on future conversions as required by such indenture would constitute a default under such indenture. A default under the indenture or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our existing and future indebtedness. If the repayment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness and repurchase the Notes or make cash payments upon conversions thereof. 
 In addition, our indebtedness, combined with our other financial obligations and contractual commitments, could have other important consequences. For example, it could: 
 make us more vulnerable to adverse changes in general U.S. and worldwide economic, industry, and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulations; 

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; 

place us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors who have less debt; 

limit our ability to borrow additional amounts for funding acquisitions, for working capital, and for other general corporate purposes; and 

make an acquisition of our company less attractive or more difficult. 

Any of these factors could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. In addition, if we incur additional indebtedness, the risks related to our business and our ability to service or repay our indebtedness would increase. 
 28 

The conditional conversion feature of the Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and the value of our common stock. 
 In the event the conditional conversion feature of either series of the Notes is triggered, holders of such series of Notes will be entitled to convert the Notes of such series at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. 
 The conversion of some or all of the Notes would dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders to the extent we satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering shares of our common stock upon any conversion of such Notes. Our Notes may become in the future convertible at the option of their holders under certain circumstances. If holders of our Notes elect to convert their Notes, we may settle our conversion obligation by delivering to them a significant number of shares of our common stock, which would cause dilution to our existing stockholders. 
 The accounting method for convertible debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the Notes, could have a material effect on our reported financial results. 
 Under FASB ASC Subtopic 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options, or ASC 470-20, an issuer was required to separately account for the liability and equity components of convertible debt instruments (such as the Notes) that may be settled entirely or partially in cash upon conversion in a manner that reflects the issuer s economic interest cost. ASC 470-20 requires the value of the conversion options of the Notes, representing the equity component, to be recorded as additional paid-in capital within stockholders equity in our consolidated balance sheet and as a discount to the Notes, which reduced their initial carrying value. The carrying value of the Notes, net of the applicable discount recorded, were accreted up to the principal amount of the Notes, as the case may be, from the issuance date until maturity, which resulted in non-cash charges to interest expense in our consolidated statement of operations. 
 In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, or ASU 2020-06, with the intent to simplify ASC 470-20 and ASC subtopic 815-40, Contracts in Entity s Own Equity, or ASC 815-40. Among the changes, ASU 2020-06 removed the requirement to bifurcate the liability and equity components of convertible debt instruments (such as the Notes) that may be settled entirely or partially in cash upon conversion. The removal of the bifurcation of liability and equity components eliminated non-cash interest expense corresponding to the amounts recorded within equity. In addition, ASU 2020-06 precludes the use of the treasury stock method, when calculating diluted earnings per share, for convertible debt instruments that may be settled entirely or partially in cash upon conversion. We adopted ASU 2020-06 on October 1, 2022 using the modified retrospective approach. Please see Note 2(t) for further discussion. 
 We currently apply the if-converted method for calculating any potential dilutive effect of the conversion options embedded in the Notes on diluted net income per share, which assumes that all of the Notes were converted solely into shares of common stock at the beginning of the reporting period, unless the result would be anti-dilutive. The application of the if-converted method may reduce our reported diluted net income per share to the extent we are profitable, and accounting standards may change in the future in a manner that may otherwise adversely affect our diluted net income per share. 
 Certain provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Amended and Restated By-Laws and Delaware law may discourage takeovers. 
 Several provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Amended and Restated By-Laws and Delaware law may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition. These include, among others, provisions that: 
 do not permit our stockholders to act by written consent and require that stockholder action must take place at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders, in each case except as such rights may otherwise be provided to holders of preferred stock; 

establish advance notice requirements for stockholder nominations and proposals; 

provide that a special meeting of our stockholders may only be called by our Board, the Chairman of our Board or our Chief Executive Officer, or at the request of holders of not less than 20 of the outstanding shares of our common stock; and 

limit our ability to enter into certain business combination transactions. 

29 

These and other provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, Amended and Restated By-Laws and Delaware law may discourage, delay or prevent certain types of transactions involving an actual or a threatened acquisition or change in control of Cerence, including unsolicited takeover attempts, even though the transaction may offer our stockholders the opportunity to sell their shares of our common stock at a price above the prevailing market price. 
 Our organizational documents designate the courts of the State of Delaware or the U.S. district courts as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 
 Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery located within the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of Cerence, any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee or stockholder of Cerence to Cerence or Cerence s stockholders, any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, or DGCL, or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery located in the State of Delaware or any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine or any other action asserting an internal corporate claim as that term is defined in Section 115 of the DGCL. However, if the Court of Chancery within the State of Delaware does not have jurisdiction, the action may be brought in any other state or federal court located within the State of Delaware. Further, this exclusive forum provision would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, except that it may apply to such suits if brought derivatively on behalf of Cerence. Our Amended and Restated By-Laws further provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, or the respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to these provisions. These provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find any of these provisions inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Tax matters may cause significant variability in our financial results and may impact our overall financial condition. 
 Our businesses are subject to income taxation in the United States, as well as in many tax jurisdictions throughout the world. Tax rates in these jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. If our effective tax rate increases, our operating results and cash flow could be adversely affected. Our effective income tax rate can vary significantly between periods due to a number of complex factors including: 
 projected levels of taxable income; 

pre-tax income being lower than anticipated in countries with lower statutory rates or higher than anticipated in countries with higher statutory rates; 

increases or decreases to valuation allowances recorded against deferred tax assets; 

tax audits conducted and settled by various tax authorities; 

adjustments to income taxes upon finalization of income tax returns; 

the ability to claim foreign tax credits; 

the repatriation of non-U.S. earnings for which we have not previously provided for income taxes; 

changes in tax laws and their interpretations in countries in which we are subject to taxation; and 

changes to assessments of uncertain tax positions. 

We regularly evaluate the need for a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets, considering historical profitability, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. This analysis is heavily dependent upon our current and projected operating results. A decline in future operating results could provide substantial evidence that a full or partial valuation allowance for deferred tax assets is necessary, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 30 

The commercial and credit environment, may adversely affect our access to, and the cost of, capital. 
 Our ability to issue debt or enter into other financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the demand for our products or in the solvency of our customers or suppliers or if there are other significantly unfavorable changes in economic conditions. Volatility in the world financial markets, including the recent increases in interest and inflation rates, could increase borrowing costs or affect our ability to access the capital markets. These conditions may adversely affect our ability to obtain targeted credit ratings. 
 Our stock price may fluctuate significantly. 
 The market price of our common stock may fluctuate widely, depending on many factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our results of operations due to factors related to our business; 

success or failure of our business strategies; 

competition and industry capacity; 

changes in interest rates and other factors that affect earnings and cash flow; 

our level of indebtedness, our ability to make payments on or service our indebtedness and our ability to obtain financing as needed; 

our ability to retain and recruit qualified personnel; 

our quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in our industry; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions; 

changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; 

the failure of securities analysts to cover, or positively cover, our common stock; 

changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; 

the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; 

investor perception of our company and our industry; 

overall market fluctuations unrelated to our operating performance; 

results from any material litigation or government investigation; 

changes in laws and regulations (including tax laws and regulations) affecting our business; 

changes in capital gains taxes and taxes on dividends affecting stockholders; and 

general economic conditions, war, conflict or other political instability, and other external factors. 

31 

Low trading volume for our stock would amplify the effect of the above factors on our stock price volatility. 
 Should the market price of our shares drop significantly, stockholders may institute securities class action lawsuits against us. A lawsuit against us, such as the currently pending actions described in Part I Item 3, Legal Proceedings, could cause us to incur substantial costs and could divert the time and attention of our management and other resources. 
 Your percentage ownership in Cerence may be diluted in the future. 
 Your percentage ownership in Cerence may be diluted in the future because of equity issuances for acquisitions, capital market transactions or otherwise, including equity awards that we grant to our directors, officers, employees and other service providers. Our Board has adopted the Cerence 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, or the Equity Plan, for the benefit of certain of our current and future employees, service providers and non-employee directors. Such awards will have a dilutive effect on our earnings per share, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 In addition, our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizes us to issue, without the approval of our stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, including preferences over our common stock with respect to dividends and distributions, as our Board may generally determine. The terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of our common stock. For example, we could grant the holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of the members of our Board in all events or upon the happening of specified events, or the right to veto specified transactions. Similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences that we could assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of our common stock. 
 From time-to-time, we may opportunistically evaluate and pursue acquisition opportunities, including acquisitions for which the consideration thereof may consist partially or entirely of newly-issued shares of our common stock and, therefore, such transactions, if consummated, would dilute the voting power and/or reduce the value of our common stock. 
 If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired and investors views of us could be harmed. 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. In particular, we must perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to allow management and our independent registered public accounting firm to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price of shares of our common stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. 
 Our ability to successfully implement our business plan and comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to be able to prepare timely and accurate financial statements. Any delay in the implementation of, or disruption in the transition to, new or enhanced systems, procedures or controls may cause our operations to suffer, and we may be unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective and to obtain an unqualified report on internal controls from our auditors as required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Moreover, we cannot be certain that these measures would ensure that we implement and maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. Even if we were to conclude, and our auditors were to concur, that our internal control over financial reporting provided reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP, because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting might not prevent or detect fraud or misstatements. This, in turn, could have an adverse impact on trading prices for shares of our common stock, and could adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets. 
 32 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 Item 2. Pr operties. 
 Our corporate headquarters is located in Burlington, Massachusetts, and our international headquarters is located in Heerlen, Netherlands. Other large, leased sites include properties located in: Montreal, Canada; Aachen and Ulm, Germany; Shanghai and Chengdu, China; Merelbeke, Belgium; Turin, Italy; Tokyo, Japan and Pune, India. 
 We believe our existing facilities and equipment are in good operating condition and are suitable for the conduct of our business. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 City of Miami Fire Fighters and Police Officers Retirement Trust Action 
 On February 25, 2022, a purported shareholder class action captioned as City Of Miami Fire Fighters And Police Officers Retirement Trust v. Cerence Inc. et al. (the Securities Action was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts, naming the Company and two of its former officers as defendants. Following the court's selection of a lead plaintiff and lead counsel, an amended complaint was filed on July 26, 2022. The plaintiff claims to be suing on behalf of anyone who purchased the Company s common stock between November 16, 2020 and February 4, 2022. The lawsuit alleges that material misrepresentations and/or omissions of material fact regarding the Company s operations, financial performance and prospects were made in the Company s public disclosures during the period from November 16, 2020 to February 4, 2022, in violation of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The plaintiff seeks unspecified monetary damages on behalf of the putative class and an award of costs and expenses, including attorney s fees. On September 9, 2022, the defendants in the Securities Action moved to dismiss the action in its entirety. That motion is now fully briefed but it has not yet been resolved. We intend to defend the claims vigorously. Given the uncertainty of litigation, the preliminary stage of the case, and the legal standards that must be met for, among other things, class certification and success on the merits, we cannot estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss that may result from this action. 
 Derivative Actions 
 On May 10 and 12, 2022, respectively, plaintiffs William Shafer and Peter Morse filed shareholder derivative complaints in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts on behalf of Cerence Inc. against defendants (and former officers) Sanjay Dwahan and Mark J. Gallenberger as well as board members Arun Sarin, Thomas Beaudoin, Marianne Budnik, Sanjay Jha, Kristi Ann Matus, Alfred Nietzel and current CEO and board member Stefan Ortmanns. These actions are premised on factual contentions substantially similar to those made in the Securities Action and contain substantially similar legal contentions. As such, on June 13, 2022, at the parties' request, the court consolidated these derivative actions into a single action and appointed co-lead counsel for plaintiffs in that consolidated action. The parties agreed to stay the consolidated action pending a ruling on the forthcoming motion to dismiss in the Securities Action, and the court has ordered that stay. 
 Two shareholder derivative complaints making factual and legal contentions substantially similar to those raised in the consolidated action have been also filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery: one filed on October 19, 2022 by plaintiff Melinda Hipp against the defendants named in the consolidated action and board member Douglas Davis, and one filed on August 17, 2023 by plaintiff Catherine Fleming against the defendants named in the consolidated action. The parties have respectively agreed to stay those actions pending a ruling on the motion to dismiss in the Securities Action, and the courts hearing those actions have ordered those stays. 
 Given the uncertainty of litigation, the preliminary stage of the cases, and the legal standards that must be met for, among other things, derivative standing and success on the merits, we cannot estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss that may result from these derivative actions. 
 A.P., a minor, by and through her guardian, Carlos Pena and Carlos Pena Action 
 On March 24, 2023, plaintiffs A.P., a minor, by and through her guardian, Carlos Pena, and Carlos Pena, each individually and on behalf of similarly situated individuals filed a purported class action lawsuit in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois, Chancery Division (Case. No. 2023CH02866 (Cir. Ct. Cook Cnty. 2023)). The case was removed to Federal Court (Case No. 1:23CV2667 (N.D. Ill.)), and then severed and remanded back in part, so there are two pending cases. Plaintiffs subsequently amended the federal complaint twice, with the latest second amended complaint, filed on July 13, 2023, adding plaintiffs Randolph Freshour and Vincenzo Allan, each also filing individually and on behalf of similarly situated individuals. Plaintiffs allege that Cerence violated the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act BIPA ), 740 ILCS 14/1 et seq. through Cerence s Drive Platform technology, which is integrated in various automobiles. The named plaintiffs allegedly drove or rode in a vehicle with Cerence s Drive Platform technology. Across both cases, plaintiffs allege that Cerence violated: (1) BIPA Section 15(a) by possessing biometrics 
 33 

without any public written policy for their retention or destruction; (2) BIPA Section 15(b) by collecting, capturing, or obtaining biometrics without written notice or consent; (3) BIPA Section 15(c) by profiting from biometrics obtained from Plaintiffs and putative class members; and (4) BIPA Section 15(d) by disclosing biometrics to third party companies without consent. Cerence has filed motions to dismiss both cases. Plaintiffs are seeking statutory damages of 5,000 for each willful and/or reckless violation of BIPA and, alternatively, damages of 1,000 for each negligent violation of BIPA. Given the uncertainty of litigation, the preliminary stage of the case, and the legal standards that must be met for, among other things, class certification and success on the merits, we cannot estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss that may result from this action. 
 Other Legal Proceedings 
 Similar to many companies in the software industry, we are or may become involved in a variety of claims, demands, suits, investigations and proceedings that arise from time to time relating to matters incidental to the ordinary course of our business, including, without limitation, actions with respect to contracts, intellectual property, product liability claims, employment, benefits and securities matters. We evaluate the probability of adverse outcomes and, as applicable, estimate the amount of probable losses that may result from pending matters. Probable losses that can be reasonably estimated are reflected in our consolidated financial statements. These recorded amounts are not material to our consolidated financial statements for any of the periods presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. While it is not possible to predict the outcome of these matters with certainty, we do not expect the results of any of these actions to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. However, each of these matters is subject to uncertainties, the actual losses may prove to be larger or smaller than the accruals reflected in our consolidated financial statements, and we could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Item 4. Mine Safe ty Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 34 

PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stock holder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Our common stock has been listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol CRNC since October 2, 2019. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our common stock. A when-issued trading market for our common stock existed between September 17, 2019 and October 1, 2019 under the symbol CRNCV . 
 Holders of Common Stock 
 As of November 13, 2023, there were 461 holders of record of our common stock. This number does not reflect beneficial owners whose shares are held in street name. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not paid any dividends since our formation. We may evaluate whether to pay cash dividends to our stockholders. The timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends to stockholders, if any, will fall within the discretion of our Board. Among the items we would consider in establishing a dividend policy are the capital needs of our business and opportunities to retain future earnings for use in the operation of our business and to fund future growth. Additionally, the terms of the Senior Credit Facilities limit our ability to pay cash dividends. There can be no assurance that we will pay a dividend in the future or continue to pay any dividend if we do commence the payment of dividends. 
 Performance Graph 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return of our common stock for the last four years with the Russell 2000 and the S P Software Services Select indices. The information presented assumes an initial investment of 100 on October 2, 2019, the date our common stock began regular-way trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. The graph shows the value that each of these investments would have had at the end of each fiscal year. 
 The comparisons shown in the graph below are based upon historical data. We caution that the stock price performance shown in the graph below is not necessarily indicative of, nor is it intended to forecast, the potential future performance of our common stock. 
 
 35 

10/2/2019 

9/30/2020 

9/30/2021 

9/30/2022 

9/30/2023 

Cerence Inc. 

100.00 

318.37 

626.12 

102.61 

132.70 

Russell 2000 

100.00 

101.90 

148.98 

112.51 

120.65 

S P Software Services Select 

100.00 

131.74 

189.66 

118.19 

140.34 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 6. Reserved . 
 Not applicable. 
 
 36 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, (the MD A ), describes the principal factors, based on management s assessment, which have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, as well as our critical accounting estimates. Our MD A generally includes a discussion of results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and capital resources related to year-over-year comparisons between fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, and 2022, as well as fiscal years ended September 30, 2022, and 2021. 
 The following discussion and analysis presented below should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the corresponding notes, included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The information presented in this section includes forward-looking statements, which are described in detail in the section titled Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements. The matters discussed in these forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those made, projected, or implied in the forward-looking statements. See the section titled Risk Factors for a discussion of the risks, uncertainties, and assumptions associated with these statements. 
 Overview 
 Cerence builds AI powered virtual assistants for the mobility/transportation market. Our primary target is the automobile market, but our solutions can apply to all forms of transportation including but not limited to two-wheel vehicles, planes, tractors, cruise ships and elevators. Our solutions power natural conversational and intuitive interactions between automobiles, drivers and passengers, and the broader digital world. We possess one of the world s most popular software platforms for building automotive virtual assistants. Our customers include all major OEMs or their tier 1 suppliers worldwide. We deliver our solutions on a white-label basis, enabling our customers to deliver customized virtual assistants with unique, branded personalities and ultimately strengthening the bond between automobile brands and end users. Our vision is to enable a more enjoyable, safer journey for everyone. 
 Our principal offering is our software platform, which our customers use to build virtual assistants that can communicate, find information and take action across an expanding variety of categories. Our software platform has a hybrid architecture combining edge software components with cloud-connected components. Edge software components are installed on a vehicle s head unit and can operate without access to external networks and information. Cloud-connected components are comprised of certain speech and natural language understanding related technologies, AI-enabled personalization and context-based response frameworks, and content integration platform. 
 We generate revenue primarily by selling software licenses and cloud-connected services. Our edge software components are typically sold under a traditional per unit perpetual software license model, in which a per unit fee is charged for each software instance installed on an automotive head unit. We typically license cloud-connected software components in the form of a service to the vehicle end user, which is paid for in advance. In addition, we generate professional services revenue from our work with our customers during the design, development and deployment phases of the vehicle model lifecycle and through maintenance and enhancement projects. We have existing relationships with all major OEMs or their tier 1 suppliers, and while our customer contracts vary, they generally represent multi-year engagements, giving us visibility into future revenue. 
 Impact of COVID-19 on our Business 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in, and may continue to result in, additional governmental restrictions and regulations, which has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business and financial results. The World Heath Organization ended the global emergency status for COVID-19 on May 5, 2023, and the United States Department of Health and Human Services declared that the public health emergency from COVID-19 expired at the end of the day on May 11, 2023. For further discussion of the business risks associated with COVID-19, see Item 1A, Risk Factors, within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Business Trends 
 We experienced a 10.2 decrease in total revenue during fiscal year 2023. The decrease in revenue was across all products types. Our license revenue is highly dependent on vehicle production. Over the course of the past year, our business was impacted by the current macroeconomic conditions, including, shipping and production issues, higher interest rates, and inflation. The decrease in our connected services revenues was primarily driven by the winding down of a legacy contract acquired by Nuance through a 2013 acquisition. The decrease in our professional services revenues was primarily driven by our arrangements and the related timing of fulfilling performance obligations under the contracts. 
 During fiscal year 2023, total cost of revenues decreased by 2.1 compared to fiscal year 2022, primarily driven by the decline in professional services revenues. Total operating expenses decreased by 45.4 during fiscal year 2023, primarily driven by a goodwill impairment charge of 213.7 million recognized in fiscal year 2022. Total operating expenses excluding the goodwill charge increased 12.5 , primarily driven by innovation initiatives in order to increase our competitive position in the market. Restructuring 
 37 

and other costs, net increased 2.9 million, driven by severance charges related to the elimination of personnel, third-party fees relating to the modification of the 2025 Notes, and offset by other one-time gains. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, and the rules and regulations of the SEC. The consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments considered necessary for a fair presentation of the consolidated results of operations and financial position for the fiscal years presented. All such adjustments are of a normal recurring nature. 
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company, as well as those of its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and balances are eliminated in consolidation. 
 Key Metrics 
 In evaluating our financial condition and operating performance, we focus on revenue, operating margins, and cash flow from operations. 
 For the fiscal year 2023 as compared to fiscal year 2022: 
 Total revenue decreased by 33.4 million, or 10.2 , from 327.9 million to 294.5 million. 

Operating margin increased by 47.0 percentage points from negative 56.2 to negative 9.2 . 

Cash from operating activities changed by 9.6 million, or 450.7 , from cash used in operating activities of 2.1 million to cash provided by operating activities of 7.5 million. 

For fiscal year 2022 as compared to fiscal year 2021: 
 Total revenue decreased by 59.3 million, or 15.3 , from 387.2 million to 327.9 million. 

Operating margin decreased by 71.9 percentage points from 15.7 to negative 56.2 . 

Cash from operating activities changed by 76.5 million, or 102.9 , from cash provided by operating activities of 74.4 million to cash used in operating activities of 2.1 million. 

38 

Operating Results 
 The following table shows the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Revenues: 

License 

145,159 

158,610 

202,183 

Connected services 

75,071 

85,571 

109,534 

Professional services 

74,245 

83,710 

75,465 

Total revenues 

294,475 

327,891 

387,182 

Cost of revenues: 

License 

8,522 

2,698 

3,544 

Connected services 

22,995 

22,722 

25,727 

Professional services 

63,232 

68,764 

64,287 

Amortization of intangibles 

414 

2,984 

7,516 

Total cost of revenues 

95,163 

97,168 

101,074 

Gross profit 

199,312 

230,723 

286,108 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

123,333 

107,116 

112,070 

Sales and marketing 

27,504 

31,098 

38,683 

General and administrative 

57,903 

42,653 

56,979 

Amortization of intangible assets 

5,854 

11,516 

12,690 

Restructuring and other costs, net 

11,917 

8,965 

5,092 

Goodwill impairment 

213,720 

Total operating expenses 

226,511 

415,068 

225,514 

(Loss) income from operations 

(27,199) 

(184,345) 

60,594 

Interest income 

4,471 

1,007 

109 

Interest expense 

(14,769) 

(14,394) 

(13,997) 

Other income (expense), net 

1,108 

(1,019) 

1,563 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

(36,389) 

(198,751) 

48,269 

Provision for income taxes 

19,865 

112,075 

2,376 

Net (loss) income 

(56,254) 

(310,826) 

45,893 

Our revenue consists primarily of license revenue, connected services revenue and revenue from professional services. License revenue primarily consists of license royalties associated with our edge software components. Our edge software components are typically sold under a traditional per unit perpetual software license model, in which a per unit fee is charged for each software instance installed on an automotive head unit. Our contracts contain variable, fixed prepaid or fixed minimum purchase commitment components. Revenue is recognized and cash is collected for variable contracts over the license distribution period. The fixed contracts typically provide the customer with a price discount and can include the conversion of a variable contract that was previously included in our estimated future revenues from variable forecasted royalties. Revenue for fixed contracts is recognized when the software is made available to the customer, which has typically occurred at the time the contract is signed. Cash is typically expected to be collected for a fixed prepaid deal at the inception of the contract. Cash is expected to be collected for a fixed minimum commitment deal over the license distribution period. During fiscal year 2023, we had a reduction in contributions from our fixed license contracts due to our decision to limit the level of such contracts on a go-forward basis which contributed to a decline in reported license revenue for fiscal year 2023. Going forward, we will continue to assess the levels of fixed license contracts and make adjustments, as necessary. See Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our revenue, deferred revenue performance obligations and the timing of revenue recognition. Costs of license revenue primarily consist of third-party royalty expenses for certain external technologies we leverage. 
 Connected services revenue represents the subscription fee that provides access to our connected services components, including the customization and construction of our connected services solutions. We also derive revenue within our connected services business from usage contracts and there can be instances where a customer purchases a software license that allows them to take possession of the software to enable hosting by the customer or a third-party. Subscription and usage contracts typically have a term of one to five years. Subscription revenue is recognized over the subscription period and cash is expected to be collected at the start of the subscription period. Usage based revenue is recognized and cash is collected as the service is used. If the customer takes possession of the software to have it hosted by the customer or a third-party, revenue is recognized, and cash is collected at the time the license is delivered. On October 31, 2023, we entered into an early termination agreement relating to a legacy contract acquired by Nuance 
 39 

through a 2013 acquisition. Previously the term of the contract ended on December 31, 2025, whereas the agreement signed on October 31, 2023, updated the termination date to December 31, 2023. The effect of this change is to accelerate 67.8 million of deferred revenue into the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. There is no cash flow associated with this legacy contract. See Note 3 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our revenue, deferred revenue performance obligations and the timing of revenue recognition. Cost of connected service revenue primarily consists of labor costs of software delivery services, infrastructure, and communications fees that support our connected services solutions. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, we will have an acceleration of approximately 2.0 million of expenses associated with the termination of the legacy contract acquired by Nuance through a 2013 acquisition. 
 Professional services revenue is primarily comprised of porting, integrating, and customizing our embedded solutions, with costs primarily consisting of compensation for services personnel, contractors and overhead. 
 Our operating expenses include R D, sales and marketing and general and administrative expenses. R D expenses primarily consist of salaries, benefits, and overhead relating to research and engineering staff. Sales and marketing expenses include salaries, benefits, and commissions related to our sales, product marketing, product management, and business unit management teams. General and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel costs for administration, finance, human resources, general management, fees for external professional advisers including accountants and attorneys, and provisions for credit losses. 
 Amortization of acquired patents and core technology are included within cost of revenues whereas the amortization of other intangible assets, such as acquired customer relationships, trade names and trademarks, are included within operating expenses. Customer relationships are amortized over their estimated economic lives based on the pattern of economic benefits expected to be generated from the use of the asset. Other identifiable intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. 
 Other components of operating expenses includes restructuring and other costs, net and goodwill impairment. Restructuring and other costs, net include restructuring expenses as well as other charges that are unusual in nature, are the result of unplanned events, and arise outside the ordinary course of our business. Goodwill impairment is recognized on a non-recurring basis when the carrying value of our reporting unit exceeds the estimated fair value. 
 Total other expense, net consists primarily of foreign exchange gains (losses), losses on the extinguishment of debt and interest expense related to the Notes and Senior Credit Facilities. 
 Fiscal Year 2023 Compared with Fiscal Year 2022 and Fiscal Year 2022 Compared with Fiscal Year 2021 
 Total Revenues 
 
 The following table shows total revenues by product type, including the corresponding percentage change (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended September 30, 
 
 Change 

Change 

2023 

of Total 
 
 2022 

of Total 
 
 2021 

of Total 
 
 2023 vs. 2022 

2022 vs. 2021 

License 

145,159 

49.3 

158,610 

48.4 

202,183 

52.2 

(8.5) 

(21.6) 

Connected services 

75,071 

25.5 

85,571 

26.1 

109,534 

28.3 

(12.3) 

(21.9) 

Professional services 

74,245 

25.2 

83,710 

25.5 

75,465 

19.5 

(11.3) 

10.9 

Total revenues 

294,475 

327,891 

387,182 

(10.2) 

(15.3) 

Fiscal Year 2023 Compared with Fiscal Year 2022 
 Total revenues for fiscal year 2023 were 294.5 million, a decrease of 33.4 million, or 10.2 , from 327.9 million from fiscal year 2022. The decrease in revenues was across all product types. Our license revenue is highly dependent on vehicle production. We expect our business to continue to be impacted by the current macroeconomic conditions. 
 License Revenue 
 License revenue for fiscal year 2023 was 145.2 million, a decrease of 13.4 million, or 8.5 , from 158.6 million for fiscal year 2022. The decrease in license revenue was driven by a 32.6 million decrease in minimum purchase commitments and prepaid deals and a 6.5 million decrease in revenue generated from non-automotive markets. This decrease was partially offset by a 25.6 million increase in variable license revenue due to higher volume of licensing royalties. As a percentage of total revenue, license revenue increased by 0.9 percentage points from 48.4 for fiscal year 2022 to 49.3 for fiscal year 2023. 
 Connected Services Revenue 
 40 

Connected services revenue for fiscal year 2023 was 75.1 million, a decrease of 10.5 million, or 12.3 , from 85.6 million for fiscal year 2022. This decrease was primarily driven by the winding down of a legacy contract acquired by Nuance through a 2013 acquisition. As a percentage of total revenue, connected services revenue decreased by 0.6 percentage points from 26.1 for fiscal year 2022 to 25.5 for fiscal year 2023. On October 31, 2023, we entered into an early termination agreement relating to a legacy contract acquired by Nuance through a 2013 acquisition. Previously the term of the contract ended on December 31, 2025, whereas the agreement signed on October 31, 2023 updated the termination date to December 31, 2023. There is no cash flow associated with this legacy contract. The effect of this change is to accelerate 67.8 million of deferred revenue into the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. 
 Professional Services Revenue 
 Professional services revenue for fiscal year 2023 was 74.2 million, a decrease of 9.5 million, or 11.3 , from 83.7 million for fiscal year 2022. This decrease was primarily driven by our arrangements and the related timing of fulfilling performance obligations under the contracts. As a percentage of total revenue, professional services revenue decreased by 0.3 percentage points from 25.5 for fiscal year 2022 to 25.2 for fiscal year 2023. 
 Fiscal Year 2022 Compared with Fiscal Year 2021 
 Total revenues for fiscal year 2022 were 327.9 million, a decrease of 59.3 million, or 15.3 , from 387.2 million from fiscal year 2021. The decrease in revenues was driven by decreases in licensing revenues and decreased demand for our connected services. 
 License Revenue 
 License revenue for fiscal year 2022 was 158.6 million, a decrease of 43.6 million, or 21.6 , from 202.2 million for fiscal year 2021. Variable license revenue decreased by 42.9 million primarily due to a lower volume of licensing royalties including consumption from fixed license contracts. During fiscal year 2022, certain existing variable long-term contracts with our largest customer were converted into minimum purchase commitment deals that accounted for 47.1 million of revenue during fiscal year 2022. The estimated future revenue related to these long-term contracts was previously included in our estimated future revenues from variable forecasted royalties. The cash associated with these deals is expected to be collected over the distribution period, which could be up to five years. 
 As a percentage of total revenue, license revenue increased 3.8 percentage points from 52.2 for fiscal year 2021 to 48.4 for fiscal year 2022. 
 Connected Services Revenue 
 Connected services revenue for fiscal year 2022 was 85.6 million, a decrease of 23.9 million, or 21.9 , from 109.5 million for fiscal year 2021. This decrease was primarily driven by the winding down of a legacy contract acquired by Nuance through a 2013 acquisition. As a percentage of total revenue, connected services revenue decreased by 2.2 percentage points from 28.3 for fiscal year 2021 to 26.1 for fiscal year 2022. 
 Professional Services Revenue 
 Professional services revenue for fiscal year 2022 was 83.7 million, an increase of 8.2 million, or 10.9 , from 75.5 million for fiscal year 2021. This increase was primarily driven by our continued focus on integration and customization services related to our edge software and timing of services rendered. As a percentage of total revenue, professional services revenue increased by 6.0 percentage points from 19.5 for fiscal year 2021 to 25.5 for fiscal year 2022. 
 41 

Total Cost of Revenues and Gross Profits 
 The following table shows total cost of revenues by product type and the corresponding percentage change (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended September 30, 

Change 

Change 

2023 

2022 

2021 

2023 vs. 2022 

2022 vs. 2021 

License 

8,522 

2,698 

3,544 

215.9 

(23.9) 

Connected services 

22,995 

22,722 

25,727 

1.2 

(11.7) 

Professional services 

63,232 

68,764 

64,287 

(8.0) 

7.0 

Amortization of intangibles 

414 

2,984 

7,516 

(86.1) 

(60.3) 

Total cost of revenues 

95,163 

97,168 

101,074 

(2.1) 

(3.9) 

The following table shows total gross profit by product type and the corresponding percentage change (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended September 30, 

Change 

Change 

2023 

2022 

2021 

2023 vs. 2022 

2022 vs. 2021 

License 

136,637 

155,912 

198,639 

(12.4) 

(21.5) 

Connected services 

52,076 

62,849 

83,807 

(17.1) 

(25.0) 

Professional services 

11,013 

14,946 

11,178 

(26.3) 

33.7 

Amortization of intangibles 

(414) 

(2,984) 

(7,516) 

(86.1) 

(60.3) 

Total gross profit 

199,312 

230,723 

286,108 

(13.6) 

(19.4) 

Fiscal Year 2023 Compared with Fiscal Year 2022 
 Total cost of revenues for fiscal year 2023 was 95.2 million, a decrease of 2.0 million, or 2.1 , from 97.2 million for fiscal year 2022. 
 We experienced a decrease in total gross profit of 31.4 million, or 13.6 , from 230.7 million to 199.3 million. The decrease was primarily driven by declines in revenues across all product types. 
 Cost of License Revenue 
 Cost of license revenue for fiscal year 2023 was 8.5 million, an increase of 5.8 million, or 215.9 , from 2.7 million for fiscal year 2022. Cost of license revenues increased primarily due to costs associated with our Cerence Link product. As a percentage of total cost of revenue, cost of license revenue increased by 6.2 percentage points from 2.8 for fiscal year 2022 to 9.0 for fiscal year 2023. 
 License gross profit decreased by 19.3 million, or 12.4 , primarily due to decreases in license revenues. 
 Cost of Connected Services Revenue 
 Cost of connected services revenue for fiscal year 2023 was 23.0 million, an increase of 0.3 million, or 1.2 , from 22.7 million for fiscal year 2022. Cost of connected services revenue increased primarily due to a 0.3 million increase in our cloud infrastructure costs and a 0.3 million increase from higher internal allocated labor. The increase was partially offset by a 0.7 million decrease in salary-related expenditures. As a percentage of total cost of revenue, cost of connected service revenue increased by 0.8 percentage points from 23.4 for fiscal year 2022 to 24.2 for fiscal year 2023. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, we will have an acceleration of approximately 2.0 million of expenses associated with the termination of the legacy contract acquired by Nuance through a 2013 acquisition. 
 Connected services gross profit decreased 10.7 million, or 17.1 , from 62.8 million to 52.1 million which was primarily driven by decreases in connected services revenue due to the winding down of a legacy contract. 
 42 

Cost of Professional Services Revenue 
 Cost of professional services revenue for fiscal year 2023 was 63.2 million, a decrease of 5.6 million, or 8.0 , from 68.8 million for fiscal year 2022. Cost of professional services revenue decreased primarily due to a 5.8 million decrease in salary-related expenditures, and a 2.0 million decrease in third-party contractor costs. The decrease was partially offset by a 2.1 million increase in internal allocated labor, and a 0.9 million increase in amortization of costs previously deferred. As a percentage of total cost of revenue, cost of professional services revenue decreased by 4.4 percentage points from 70.8 for fiscal year 2022 to 66.4 for fiscal year 2023. 
 Professional services gross profit decreased 3.9 million, or 26.3 , from 14.9 million to 11.0 million which was primarily due to the composition of our professional service arrangements. 
 Fiscal Year 2022 Compared with Fiscal Year 2021 
 Our total cost of revenues for fiscal year 2022 was 97.2 million, a decrease of 3.9 million, or 3.9 , from 101.1 million for fiscal year 2021. 
 We experienced a decrease in gross profit of 55.4 million, or 19.4 , from 286.1 million to 230.7 million. The decrease was primarily driven by a decline in license and connected services revenues. 
 Cost of License Revenue 
 Cost of license revenue for fiscal year 2022 was 2.7 million, a decrease of 0.8 million, or 23.9 , from 3.5 million for fiscal year 2021. Cost of license revenues decreased due to third-party royalty expenses associated with external technologies we leverage in our edge software components. As a percentage of total cost of revenue, cost of license revenue decreased by 0.7 percentage points from 3.5 for fiscal year 2021 to 2.8 for fiscal year 2022. 
 License gross profit decreased by 42.7 million, or 21.5 , from 198.6 million to 155.9 million, primarily due to decreases in license revenues. 
 Cost of Connected Services Revenue 
 Cost of connected services revenue for fiscal year 2022 was 22.7 million, a decrease of 3.0 million, or 11.7 , from 25.7 million for fiscal year 2021. Cost of connected services revenue decreased primarily due to a 1.8 million decrease in salary-related expenditures, 1.3 million decrease in amortization of costs previously deferred, 0.4 million decrease in internal allocated labor costs, 0.4 million decrease in stock-based compensation offset by a 2.0 million increase in our cloud infrastructure costs. As a percentage of total cost of revenue, cost of connected service revenue decreased by 2.1 percentage points from 25.5 for fiscal year 2021 to 23.4 for fiscal year 2022. 
 Connected services gross profit decreased 21.0 million, or 25.0 , from 83.8 million to 62.8 million which was primarily driven by decreases in connected services revenue due to the winding down of a legacy contract. 
 Cost of Professional Services Revenue 
 Cost of professional services revenue for fiscal year 2022 was 68.8 million, an increase of 4.5 million, or 7.0 , from 64.3 million for fiscal year 2021. Cost of professional services revenue increased primarily due to a 8.6 million increase in third-party contractor costs. The increase was partially offset by a 2.2 million decrease in internal allocated labor, 1.6 million decrease in stock-based compensation costs, and 1.5 million decrease in amortization of costs previously deferred. As a percentage of total cost of revenue, cost of professional services revenue increased by 7.2 percentage points from 63.6 for fiscal year 2021 to 70.8 for fiscal year 2022. 
 Professional services gross profit increased 3.7 million, or 33.7 , from 11.2 million to 14.9 million which was primarily due to an increase in professional services revenues and cost savings initiatives implemented during the first half of fiscal year 2022. 
 Operating Expenses 
 The tables below show each component of operating expense. Other income (expense), net and provision for income taxes are non-operating expenses and presented in a similar format (dollars in thousands). 
 43 

R D Expenses 

Year Ended September 30, 

Change 

Change 

2023 

2022 

2021 

2023 vs. 2022 

2022 vs. 2021 

Research and development 

123,333 

107,116 

112,070 

15.1 

(4.4) 

Fiscal Year 2023 Compared with Fiscal Year 2022 
 Historically, R D expenses are our largest operating expense as we continue to build on our existing software platforms and develop new technologies. R D expenses for fiscal year 2023 were 123.3 million, an increase of 16.2 million, or 15.1 , from 107.1 million for fiscal year 2022. The increase in R D expenses was primarily attributable to a 7.0 million increase in stock-based compensation costs, a 5.5 million decrease in capitalized costs associated with internally developed software, a 4.0 million increase in third-party contractor costs, and a 1.4 million increase in depreciation costs. The increase was partially offset by a 2.3 million decrease in internally allocated labor, and a 0.4 million decrease in hardware and software expenditures. As a percentage of total operating expenses, R D expenses increased by 28.6 percentage points from 25.8 for fiscal year 2022 to 54.4 for fiscal year 2023. 
 Fiscal Year 2022 Compared with Fiscal Year 2021 
 Historically, R D expenses are our largest operating expense as we continue to build on our existing software platforms and develop new technologies. As part of our cost savings initiatives, we have moved expenses to lower-cost markets and in the second half of fiscal year 2022 shifted a portion of our R D workforce to support our professional service teams. R D expenses for fiscal year 2022 were 107.1 million, a decrease of 5.0 million, or 4.4 , from 112.1 million for fiscal year 2021. The decrease in R D expenses was primarily attributable to a 6.3 million decrease in stock-based compensation and 3.9 million decrease in salary-related expenditures. The decrease was partially offset by a 2.9 million decrease in labor allocated to support our customer projects, 1.0 million increase in third-party contractor costs, and 0.6 million increase in hardware and software costs. As a percentage of total operating expenses, R D expenses decreased by 23.9 percentage points from 49.7 for fiscal year 2021 to 25.8 for fiscal year 2022. 
 Sales Marketing Expenses 

Year Ended September 30, 

Change 

Change 

2023 

2022 

2021 

2023 vs. 2022 

2022 vs. 2021 

Sales and marketing 

27,504 

31,098 

38,683 

(11.6) 

(19.6) 

Fiscal Year 2023 Compared with Fiscal Year 2022 
 Sales and marketing expenses for fiscal year 2023 were 27.5 million, a decrease of 3.6 million, or 11.6 , from 31.1 million for fiscal year 2022. The decrease in sales and marketing expenses was primarily attributable to a 4.5 million decrease in salary-related expenditures, partially offset by a 1.0 million increase in commissions expenditures, and a 0.8 million increase in professional services. As a percentage of total operating expenses, sales and marketing expenses increased by 4.6 percentage points from 7.5 for fiscal year 2022 to 12.1 for fiscal year 2023. 
 Fiscal Year 2022 Compared with Fiscal Year 2021 
 Sales and marketing expenses for fiscal year 2022 were 31.1 million, a decrease of 7.6 million, or 19.6 , from 38.7 million for fiscal year 2021. The decrease in sales and marketing expenses was primarily attributable to a 9.0 million decrease in stock-based compensation and a 0.5 million decrease in salary-related expenses. The decrease was partly offset by an increase of 0.6 million related to travel expenditures and 0.6 million related to commission expense. As a percentage of total operating expenses, sales and marketing expenses decreased by 9.7 percentage points from 17.2 for fiscal year 2021 to 7.5 for fiscal year 2022. 
 General Administrative Expenses 

Year Ended September 30, 

Change 

Change 

2023 

2022 

2021 

2023 vs. 2022 

2022 vs. 2021 

General and administrative 

57,903 

42,653 

56,979 

35.8 

(25.1) 

44 

Fiscal Year 2023 Compared with Fiscal Year 2022 
 General and administrative expenses for fiscal year 2023 were 57.9 million, an increase of 15.2 million, or 35.8 , from 42.7 million for fiscal year 2022. The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to a 9.9 million increase in stock-based compensation costs, a 4.0 million increase in credit loss provision, including a 3.8 million provision relating to one international electric vehicle maker, a 0.7 million increase in hardware and software expenditures. The increase was partly offset by a decrease of 0.9 million in depreciation expense. As a percentage of total operating expenses, general and administrative expenses increased by 15.3 percentage points from 10.3 for fiscal year 2022 to 25.6 for fiscal year 2023. 
 Fiscal Year 2022 Compared with Fiscal Year 2021 
 General and administrative expenses for fiscal year 2022 were 42.7 million, a decrease of 14.3 million, or 25.1 , from 57.0 million for fiscal year 2021. The decrease in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to a 19.2 million decrease in stock-based compensation. The decrease was partially offset by a 2.4 million increase in professional service fees, a 0.9 million increase in salary-related expenses, a 0.7 million increase in hardware and software costs, a 0.5 million increase in third-party contractor costs, and 0.4 million increase in travel-related expenditures. As a percentage of total operating expenses, general and administrative expenses decreased by 15.0 percentage points from 25.3 for fiscal year 2021 to 10.3 for fiscal year 2022. 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 

Year Ended September 30, 

Change 

Change 

2023 

2022 

2021 

2023 vs. 2022 

2022 vs. 2021 

Cost of revenues 

414 

2,984 

7,516 

(86.1) 

(60.3) 

Operating expense 

5,854 

11,516 

12,690 

(49.2) 

(9.3) 

Total amortization 

6,268 

14,500 

20,206 

(56.8) 

(28.2) 

Fiscal Year 2023 Compared with Fiscal Year 2022 
 Intangible asset amortization for fiscal year 2023 was 6.3 million, a decrease of 8.2 million, or 56.8 , from 14.5 million for fiscal year 2022. The decrease primarily relates to certain intangible assets having been fully amortized during fiscal year 2023. 
 As a percentage of total cost of revenues, intangible asset amortization within cost of revenues decreased by 2.7 percentage points from 3.1 for fiscal year 2022 to 0.4 for fiscal year 2023. As a percentage of total operating expenses, intangible asset amortization expenses within operating expenses decreased by 0.2 percentage points from 2.8 for fiscal year 2022 to 2.6 for fiscal year 2023. 
 Fiscal Year 2022 Compared with Fiscal Year 2021 
 Intangible asset amortization for fiscal year 2022 was 14.5 million, a decrease of 5.7 million, or 28.2 , from 20.2 million for fiscal year 2021. The decrease primarily relates to certain intangible assets having been fully amortized during fiscal year 2022. 
 As a percentage of total cost of revenues, intangible asset amortization within cost of revenues decreased by 4.3 percentage points from 7.4 for fiscal year 2021 to 3.1 for fiscal year 2022. As a percentage of total operating expenses, intangible asset amortization expenses within operating expenses decreased by 2.8 percentage points from 5.6 for fiscal year 2021 to 2.8 for fiscal year 2022. 
 Other Components of Operating Expense 

Year Ended September 30, 

Change 

Change 

2023 

2022 

2021 

2023 vs. 2022 

2022 vs. 2021 

Restructuring and other costs, net 

11,917 

8,965 

5,092 

32.9 

76.1 

Goodwill impairment 

- 

213,720 

- 

(100.0) 

100.0 

45 

Fiscal Year 2023 Compared with Fiscal Year 2022 
 Fiscal Year 2023 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, we recorded restructuring and other costs, net of 11.9 million, which included a 7.8 million severance charge related to the elimination of personnel, 3.8 million of third-party fees relating to the modification of the 2025 Notes, and a 0.5 million charge resulting from the closure of facilities that will no longer be utilized. 
 Fiscal Year 2022 
 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, we recorded restructuring and other costs, net of 9.0 million, which included 4.0 million, net of 5.0 million in forfeitures, in stock-based compensation due to the resignation of our former CEO and the resulting modification of certain stock-based awards, 2.6 million other one-time charges, 1.7 million severance charge related to the elimination of personnel, and 0.7 million charge resulting from the closure of facilities that will no longer be utilized. 
 As a percentage of total operating expense, restructuring and other costs, net increased by 3.1 percentage points from 2.2 for fiscal year 2022 to 5.3 for fiscal year 2023. 
 Fiscal Year 2022 Compared with Fiscal Year 2021 
 Restructuring and other costs, net for fiscal year 2022 were 9.0 million, an increase of 3.9 million, from 5.1 million for fiscal year 2021. The increase in restructuring and other costs, net was primarily due to 4.0 million, net of 5.0 million in forfeitures, in stock-based compensation due to the resignation of our former CEO and the resulting modification of certain stock-based awards, 2.6 million other one-time charges, 1.7 million severance charge related to the elimination of personnel, and 0.7 million charge resulting from the closure of facilities that will no longer be utilized. As a percentage of total operating expense, restructuring and other costs, net decreased by 0.1 percentage points from 2.3 for fiscal year 2021 to 2.2 for fiscal year 2022. 
 Goodwill impairment for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 was 213.7 million. At September 30, 2022, we concluded indicators of impairment were present due to the current macroeconomic conditions, including continued declines in our stock price. The fair value of our reporting unit was determined using a combination of the income approach and the market approach. We weighted the methodologies appropriately to estimate a fair value as of September 30, 2022. The carrying value of our reporting unit exceeded the estimated fair value. Based upon the results of the impairment test, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 213.7 million. 
 Total Other Expense, Net 

Year Ended September 30, 

Change 

Change 

2023 

2022 

2021 

2023 vs. 2022 

2022 vs. 2021 

Interest income 

4,471 

1,007 

109 

344.0 

823.9 

Interest expense 

(14,769) 

(14,394) 

(13,997) 

2.6 

2.8 

Other income (expense), net 

1,108 

(1,019) 

1,563 

(208.7) 

(165.2) 

Total other expense, net 

(9,190) 

(14,406) 

(12,325) 

(36.2) 

16.9 

Fiscal Year 2023 Compared with Fiscal Year 2022 
 Total other expense, net for fiscal year 2023 was 9.2 million, a change of 5.2 million from 14.4 million of expense for fiscal year 2022. The increase in interest income was primarily attributable to returns on investments. The increase in interest expense was primarily attributable to a higher applicable interest rate on our Term Loan Facility. The change in other income (expense), net was primarily driven by foreign exchange gains partly offset by a 1.3 million loss on the extinguishment of debt related to our Term Loan Facility. 
 46 

Fiscal Year 2022 Compared with Fiscal Year 2021 
 Total other expense, net for fiscal year 2022 was 14.4 million, a change of 2.1 million from 12.3 million of expense for fiscal year 2021. The increase in interest income was primarily attributable to returns on investments. The increase in interest expense was primarily attributable to a higher applicable interest rate on our Term Loan Facility. The change in other income (expense), net was primarily driven by foreign exchange losses. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 

Year Ended September 30, 

Change 

Change 

2023 

2022 

2021 

2023 vs. 2022 

2022 vs. 2021 

Provision for income taxes 

19,865 

112,075 

2,376 

(82.3) 

4617.0 

Effective income tax rate 

(54.6) 

(56.4) 

4.9 

Fiscal Year 2023 Compared with Fiscal Year 2022 
 Our effective income tax rate for fiscal year 2023 was negative 54.6 , compared to negative 56.4 for fiscal year 2022. Consequently, our provision for income taxes for fiscal year 2023 was 19.9 million, a net change of 92.2 million, or 82.3 , from a provision for income taxes of 112.1 million for fiscal year 2022. The effective tax rate for the fiscal year 2023 differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0 , primarily due to the tax impacts of stock-based compensation, U.S. inclusions of foreign taxable income, valuation allowance on foreign loss carryforwards, and our composition of jurisdictional earnings. 
 Fiscal Year 2022 Compared with Fiscal Year 2021 
 Our effective income tax rate for fiscal year 2022 was negative 56.4 , compared to 4.9 for fiscal year 2021. Consequently, our provision for income taxes for fiscal year 2022 was 112.1 million, a net change of 109.7 million, or 4617.0 , from a provision for income taxes of 2.4 million for fiscal year 2021. The effective income tax rate for fiscal year 2022 differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21.0 , primarily due to the establishment of a valuation allowance in a foreign jurisdiction, impairment of book goodwill, the tax impacts of stock-based compensation, and our composition of jurisdictional earnings. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Financial Condition 
 As of September 30, 2023, we had 121.0 million in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities. Cash equivalents include highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and have original maturities of three months or less. Marketable securities include commercial paper, corporate bonds, and government securities. As of September 30, 2023, our net working capital, excluding deferred revenue and deferred costs, was 147.8 million. This balance is representative of the short-term net cash inflows based on the working capital at that date. 
 During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, certain existing variable long-term contracts with our largest customer were converted into minimum purchase commitments deals. The estimated future revenues related to these long-term contracts were previously included in our estimated future revenues from variable forecasted royalties related to our embedded and connected businesses. These minimum commitment deals accounted for 47.1 million of revenues during fiscal year 2022. The cash associated with these deals is expected to be collected over the distribution period, which could be up to five years. 
 Sources and Material Cash Requirements 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as well as the cash flows we generated from our operations. The primary uses of cash include costs of revenues, funding of R D activities, capital expenditures and debt obligations. 
 Our ability to fund future operating needs will depend on our ability to generate positive cash flows from operations and finance additional funding in the capital markets as needed. Based on our expectation to generate positive cash flows and the 121.0 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of September 30, 2023, we believe we will be able to meet our liquidity needs over the next 12 months. We believe we will meet longer-term expected future cash requirements and obligations, through a combination of cash flows from operating activities, available cash balances, and available credit via our Revolving Facility (as described below). 
 47 

The following table presents our material cash requirements for future periods: 

Material Cash Requirements Due by the Year Ended September 30, 

2024 

2025 - 2026 

2027 - 2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

2028 Notes 

- 

- 

122,500 

- 

122,500 

Cash interest payable on the 2028 Notes (a) 

1,841 

3,672 

3,220 

- 

8,733 

2025 Modified Notes 

- 

87,500 

87,500 

- 

175,000 

Cash interest payable on the 2025 Modified Notes (a) 

3,946 

4,370 

2,299 

- 

10,615 

Operating leases 

6,011 

6,129 

2,260 

120 

14,520 

Operating leases under restructuring (b) 

82 

370 

185 

- 

637 

Finance leases 

459 

415 

- 

- 

874 

Total material cash requirements 

12,339 

102,456 

217,964 

120 

332,879 

(a) Interest per annum is due and payable semiannually and is determined based on the outstanding principal as of September 30, 2023. 

(b) Contractual lease commitments are shown net of sublease income related to certain facilities. As of September 30, 2023, we anticipate sublease income of 0.6 million through fiscal year 2024. 

We sponsor certain defined benefit plans that are offered primarily by certain of our foreign subsidiaries. Many of these plans are required by local regulatory requirements. We may deposit funds for these plans with insurance companies, third-party trustees, or into government-managed accounts consistent with local regulatory requirements, as applicable. The aggregate net liability of our defined benefit plans as of September 30, 2023 was 5.5 million. 
 Should we need to secure additional sources of liquidity, we believe that we could finance our needs through the issuance of equity securities or debt offerings. However, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to obtain financing through the issuance of equity securities or debt offerings on reasonable terms. Inflation and rising interest rates, and disruptions and instability in the banking industry have negatively impacted the global economy and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. An extended period of economic disruption, market volatility or recent bank failures, could materially affect our business, results of operations, ability to meet debt covenants, access to sources of liquidity and financial condition. 
 1.50 Senior Convertible Notes due 2028 
 On June 26, 2023, we issued 190.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 1.50 Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes ), which are governed by an indenture (the 2028 Indenture ), between us and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee ), in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On July 3, 2023, we issued an additional 20.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2028 Notes. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2028 Notes were 193.2 million after deducting transaction costs. 
 The 2028 Notes are senior, unsecured obligations and accrue interest payable semiannually in arrears on January 1 and July 1 of each year at a rate of 1.50 per year. The 2028 Notes will mature on July 1, 2028, unless earlier converted, redeemed, or repurchased. The 2028 Notes are convertible into cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election. 
 The conversion rate is 24.5586 shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of 2028 Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately 40.72 per share of our common stock). The conversion rate is subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. 
 In connection with the offering of the 2028 Notes, we repurchased 87.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes in a privately negotiated transaction. We specifically negotiated the repurchase of the 2025 Notes with investors who concurrently purchased the 2028 Notes. We evaluated the transaction to determine whether the exchange should be accounted for as a modification or extinguishment under the provisions of ASC 470-50, which allows for an exchange of debt instruments between the same debtor and creditor to be accounted for as a modification so long as the instruments do not have substantially different terms. Because the concurrent redemption of the 2025 Notes and a portion of issuance of the 2028 Notes were executed with the same investors, we evaluated the transaction as a debt modification, on a creditor by creditor basis. The repurchase of the 2025 Notes and issuance of the 2028 Notes were deemed to not have substantially different terms on the basis that (1) the present value of the cash flows under the terms of the new debt instrument were less than 10 different from the present value of the remaining cash flows under the terms of the original instrument and (2) the fair value of the conversion feature did not change by more than 10 of the carrying value of the 2025 Notes, and therefore, the repurchase of the 2025 Notes was accounted for as a debt modification. 
 As a result, 87.5 million of the 2028 Notes are considered a modification of the 2025 Notes and are included in the balances of the 2025 Notes along with the remaining 87.5 million of the 2025 Notes (together the 2025 Modified Notes that were not repurchased as part of the transaction. We recorded 14.3 million of fees paid directly to the lenders as deferred debt issuance costs, 
 48 

and 3.8 million of fees paid to third-parties were expensed in the period. As of September 30, 2023, the carrying amount of the 2025 Modified Notes was 155.7 million, net of unamortized costs of 19.3 million. 
 If a convertible debt instrument is modified or exchanged in a transaction that is not accounted for as an extinguishment, an increase in the fair value of the embedded conversion option shall reduce the carrying amount of the debt instrument with a corresponding increase in Additional paid-in capital. We recognized the increase in the fair value of the embedded conversion feature of 4.1 million as Additional paid-in capital and an equivalent discount that reduced the carrying value of the 2025 Modified Notes. 
 We accounted for 122.5 million of the 2028 Notes, that were not negotiated with the investors of the 2025 Notes, as a single liability. We incurred transaction costs of 2.4 million relating to the issuance of the 2028 Notes, which were recorded as a direct deduction from the face amount of the 2028 Notes and are being amortized as interest expense over the term of the 2028 Notes using the interest method. As of September 30, 2023, the carrying amount of the 2028 Notes was 120.2 million and unamortized issuance costs of 2.3 million. As of September 30, 2023, the 2028 Notes were not convertible. 
 3.00 Senior Convertible Notes due 2025 
 On June 2, 2020, we issued 175.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.00 Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes ), including the initial purchasers exercise in full of their option to purchase 25.0 million principal amount of the 2025 Notes, which are governed by an indenture (the 2025 Indenture ), between us and the Trustee, in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2025 Notes were 169.8 million after deducting transaction costs. 
 The 2025 Notes are senior, unsecured obligations and accrue interest payable semiannually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year at a rate of 3.00 per year. The 2025 Notes will mature on June 1, 2025, unless earlier converted, redeemed, or repurchased. The 2025 Notes are convertible into cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election. 
 The conversion rate is 26.7271 shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of 2025 Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately 37.42 per share of our common stock). The conversion rate is subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date or if we deliver a notice of redemption, we will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its 2025 Notes in connection with such a corporate event or convert its 2025 Notes called for redemption in connection with such notice of redemption, as the case may be. 
 On October 1, 2022, we adopted ASU 2020-06 based on a modified retrospective transition method. No prior-period information has been retrospectively adjusted. Since the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the 2025 Notes are no longer bifurcated into a separate liability and equity component. The 2025 Notes are accounted for as a single liability. The issuance costs related to the 2025 Notes are being amortized to interest expense over the contractual term. Refer to Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for the impact of our adoption. As of September 30, 2022, the carrying amount of the equity component, net of taxes and transaction costs was 14.4 million. 
 See 1.50 Senior Convertible Notes due 2028 section above for discussion on modification of the 2025 Notes as part of the offering of the 2028 Notes. 
 The interest expense recognized related to the Notes for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended September 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Contractual interest expense 

5,383 

5,246 

5,246 

Amortization of debt discount 

258 

3,755 

3,527 

Amortization of issuance costs 

2,119 

944 

887 

Total interest expense related to the Notes 

7,760 

9,945 

9,660 

The conditional conversion feature of the Notes was not triggered during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2023, the Notes were not convertible. As of this Annual Report, no Notes have been converted by the holders. Whether any of the Notes will be converted in future quarters will depend on the satisfaction of one or more of the conversion conditions in the future. If one or more holders elect to convert their Notes at a time when any such Notes are convertible, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional shares), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. 
 49 

Senior Credit Facilities 
 On June 12, 2020 (the Financing Closing Date ), we entered into a Credit Agreement, by and among the Borrower, the lenders and issuing banks party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the Credit Agreement ), consisting of a four-year senior secured term loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of 125.0 million (the Term Loan Facility ). The net proceeds from the issuance of the Term Loan Facility were 123.0 million. We also entered into a senior secured first-lien revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of 50.0 million (the Revolving Facility and, together with the Term Loan Facility, the Senior Credit Facilities ), which may be drawn on in the event that our working capital and other cash needs are not supported by our operating cash flow. 
 On December 17, 2020 (the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date ), we entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement (the Amendment No. 1 ). Amendment No. 1 extended the scheduled maturity date of the revolving credit and term facilities from June 12, 2024 to April 1, 2025. 
 Amendment No. 1 revised certain interest rates in the Credit Agreement. Following delivery of a compliance certificate for the first full fiscal quarter after the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, the applicable margins for the revolving credit and term facilities is subject to a pricing grid based upon the net total leverage ratio as follows (i) if the net total leverage ratio is greater than 3.00 to 1.00, the applicable margin is LIBOR plus 3.00 or ABR plus 2.00 ; (ii) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to 3.00 to 1.00 but greater than 2.50 to 1.00, the applicable margin is LIBOR plus 2.75 or ABR plus 1.75 ; (iii) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to 2.50 to 1.00 but greater than 2.00 to 1.00, the applicable margin is LIBOR plus 2.50 or ABR plus 1.50 ; (iv) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to 2.00 to 1.00 but greater than 1.50 to 1.00, the applicable margin is LIBOR plus 2.25 or ABR plus 1.25 ; and (v) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to 1.50 to 1.00, the applicable margin is LIBOR plus 2.20 or ABR plus 1.00 . As a result of Amendment No 1, the applicable LIBOR floor was reduced from 0.50 to 0.00 . 
 In addition, the quarterly commitment fee required to be paid based on the unused portion of the Revolving Facility is subject to a pricing grid based upon the net total leverage ratio as follows (i) if the net total leverage ratio is greater than 3.00 to 1.00, the unused line fee is 0.500 ; (ii) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to 3.00 to 1.00 but greater than 2.50 to 1.00, the unused line fee is 0.450 ; (iii) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to 2.50 to 1.00 but greater than 2.00 to 1.00, the unused line fee is 0.400 ; (iv) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to 2.00 to 1.00 but greater than 1.50 to 1.00, the unused line fee is 0.350 ; and (v) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to 1.50 to 1.00, the unused line fee is 0.300 . 
 Through the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2022, we are obligated to make quarterly principal payments in an aggregate amount equal to 1.25 of the original principal amount of the Term Loan Facility. From the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2023 and for each fiscal quarter thereafter, we are obligated to make quarterly principal payments in an aggregate amount equal to 2.50 of the original principal amount of the Term Loan Facility, with the balance payable at the maturity date thereof. 
 The Credit Agreement contains certain affirmative and negative covenants customary for financings of this type that, among other things, limit our and our subsidiaries ability to incur additional indebtedness or liens, to dispose of assets, to make certain fundamental changes, to designate subsidiaries as unrestricted, to make certain investments, to prepay certain indebtedness and to pay dividends, or to make other distributions or redemptions/repurchases, in respect of our and our subsidiaries equity interests. In addition, the Credit Agreement contains financial covenants, each tested quarterly, (1) a net secured leverage ratio of not greater than 3.25 to 1.00; (2) a net total leverage ratio of not greater than 4.25 to 1.00; and (3) minimum liquidity of at least 75 million. The Credit Agreement also contains events of default customary for financings of this type, including certain customary change of control events. 
 On November 22, 2022 (the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date ), we entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement Amendment No. 2 ). Amendment No. 2 modified certain financial covenants between the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2023 to the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2023 (the covenant adjustment period ). During the covenant adjustment period, each tested quarterly, we are required to maintain (1) a net secured leveraged ratio of not greater than 4.25 to 1.00; (2) minimum liquidity of at least 125 million; and (3) aggregate capital expenditures less than 7.5 million. The net total leverage ratio will be waived during the covenant adjustment period. At the conclusion of the covenant adjustment period, the original financial covenants will resume. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, we were in compliance with all Credit Agreement covenants. 
 Amendment No. 2 was accounted for a debt modification, and therefore, 0.4 million of the refinancing fees paid directly to the lender were recorded as deferred debt issuance costs, and 0.1 million of the refinance fees paid to third parties were expensed in the period. 
 Amendment No. 2 revised certain interest rates in the Credit Agreement. The applicable margins for the revolving credit and term facilities is subject to a pricing grid based upon the net total leverage ratio as follows (i) if the net total leverage ratio is greater than 3.00 to 1.00, the applicable margin is SOFR plus 10 basis point credit spread adjustment plus 3.00 or ABR plus 2.00 ; (ii) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to 3.00 to 1.00 but greater than 2.50 to 1.00, the applicable margin is SOFR plus 10 basis point credit spread adjustment plus 2.75 or ABR plus 1.75 ; (iii) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to 2.50 to 1.00 but greater than 2.00 to 1.00, the applicable margin is SOFR plus 10 basis point credit spread adjustment plus 2.50 or ABR plus 
 50 

1.50 ; (iv) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to 2.00 to 1.00 but greater than 1.50 to 1.00, the applicable margin is SOFR plus 10 basis point credit spread adjustment plus 2.25 or ABR plus 1.25 ; and (v) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to 1.50 to 1.00, the applicable margin is SOFR plus 10 basis point credit spread adjustment plus 2.20 or ABR plus 1.00 . During the covenant adjustment period, and until the delivery of a compliance certificate for the first full fiscal quarter after the covenant adjustment period, the applicable margin will be SOFR plus 10 basis point credit spread adjustment plus 3.00 or ABR plus 2.00 . 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2028 Notes, we borrowed 24.7 million under our Revolving Facility and paid 106.3 million towards our Term Loan Facility. As a result, we recorded 104.9 million extinguishment of debt and 1.3 million loss on the extinguishment of debt. All principal and interest on the Term Loan Facility have been paid in full. On July 3, 2023, we repaid the outstanding balance on our Revolving Facility. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, there were no amounts outstanding under the Revolving Facility. 
 Total interest expense relating to the Senior Credit Facilities for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was 6.7 million, 4.3 million, 4.1 million, respectively, reflecting the coupon and accretion of the discount. 
 Cash Flows 
 Cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, as reflected in the audited Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K, are summarized in the following table (dollars in thousands): 

Year Ended September 30, 

Change 

Change 

2023 

2022 

2021 

2023 vs. 2022 

2022 vs. 2021 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

7,498 

(2,138) 

74,389 

(450.7) 

(102.9) 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

5,820 

(10,565) 

(41,631) 

(155.1) 

(74.6) 

Net cash used in financing activities 

(5,334) 

(19,606) 

(41,505) 

(72.8) 

(52.8) 

Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 

(1,677) 

(1,272) 

1,108 

31.8 

(214.8) 

Net changes in cash and cash equivalents 

6,307 

(33,581) 

(7,639) 

(118.8) 

339.6 

51 

Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities 
 Fiscal Year 2023 Compared with Fiscal Year 2022 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for fiscal year 2023 was 7.5 million, a net change of 9.6 million, or 450.7 , from net cash used in operating activities of 2.1 million for fiscal year 2022 . The change in cash flows were primarily due to: 
 A decrease of 53.9 million from income before non-cash charges; 

An increase of 56.8 million due to changes in working capital primarily related to accounts receivable and prepaid expenses and other assets; and 

An increase of 6.8 million from changes in deferred revenue. 

Deferred revenue represents a significant portion of our net cash provided by operating activities and, depending on the nature of our contracts with customers, this balance can fluctuate significantly from period to period. We expect our deferred revenue balances to decrease in the future, including due to a wind-down of a legacy connected service relationship with a major OEM, since the majority of cash from the contract has been collected. We do not expect any changes in deferred revenue to affect our ability to meet our obligations. 
 Fiscal Year 2022 Compared with Fiscal Year 2021 
 Net cash used in operating activities for fiscal year 2022 was 2.1 million, a net change of 76.5 million, or 102.9 , from net cash provided by operating activities of 74.4 million for fiscal year 2021. The change in cash flows were primarily due to: 
 A decrease of 72.5 million from income before non-cash charges; 

A decrease of 21.4 million due to unfavorable changes in working capital primarily related to cash inflows from accounts receivables; and 

An increase of 17.4 million from changes in deferred revenue. 

Deferred revenue represents a significant portion of our net cash provided by operating activities and, depending on the nature of our contracts with customers, this balance can fluctuate significantly from period to period. We expect our deferred revenue balances to decrease in the future, including due to a wind-down of a legacy connected service relationship with a major OEM, since the majority of cash from the contract has been collected. We do not expect any changes in deferred revenue to affect our ability to meet our obligations. 
 Net Cash Provided by (Used) in Investing Activities 
 Fiscal Year 2023 Compared with Fiscal Year 2022 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities for the fiscal year 2023 was 5.8 million, a net change of 16.4 million, or 155.1 , from net cash used in investing activities of 10.6 million for fiscal year 2022. The change in cash flows were driven by: 
 A decrease of 12.3 million in capital expenditures; and 

An increase of 6.9 million net proceeds from the sale of marketable securities. 

Fiscal Year 2022 Compared with Fiscal Year 2021 
 Net cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2022 was 10.6 million, a decrease of 31.0 million, or 74.6 , from 41.6 million for fiscal year 2021. The change in cash flows were driven by: 
 An increase of 31.6 million net proceeds from the sale of marketable securities; 

A decrease of 2.0 million paid in connection with equity investments; 

A decrease of 2.0 million paid related to debt securities; and 

An increase of 5.4 million in capital expenditures. 

Net Cash Used in by Financing Activities 
 Fiscal Year 2023 Compared with Fiscal Year 2022 
 52 

Net cash used in financing activities for the fiscal year 2023 was 5.3 million, a net change of 14.3 million, from cash used in financing activities of 19.6 million for fiscal year 2022 . The change in cash flows were primarily due to: 
 	An increase of 210.0 million in proceeds from long-term debt; 
 An increase of 192.2 million in principal payments of long-term debt; 
 	A decrease of 44.1 million in payments of tax related withholdings due to the net settlement of equity awards; 
 	A decrease of 30.4 million in proceeds from the issuance of our common stock; and 
 	An increase of 17.2 million in payments for long-term debt issuance costs. 
 Fiscal Year 2022 Compared with Fiscal Year 2021 
 Net cash used in financing activities for fiscal year 2022 was 19.6 million, a net change of 21.9 million, from cash used in financing activities of 41.5 million for fiscal year 2021. The change in cash flows were primarily due to: 
 	An increase of 24.5 million in proceeds from the issuance of our common stock; and 
 	An increase of 3.2 million in payments of tax related withholdings due to the net settlement of equity awards. 
 Issued Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted 
 Refer to Note 2 to the accompanying audited Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of certain issued accounting standards that have not been adopted by us and may impact our results of operations in future reporting periods. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP, requires management to make estimates and assumptions that have a material impact on the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue recognition; allowance for credit losses; accounting for deferred costs; accounting for internally developed software; the valuation of goodwill and intangible assets; accounting for stock-based compensation; accounting for income taxes; accounting for convertible debt; and loss contingencies. Our management bases its estimates on historical experience, market participant fair value considerations, projected future cash flows, and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from these estimates. 
 We believe the following critical accounting estimates most significantly affect the portrayal of our financial condition and the results of our operations. These estimates require our most difficult and subjective judgments. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We primarily derive revenue from the following sources: (1) royalty-based software license arrangements, (2) connected services, and (3) professional services. Revenue is reported net of applicable sales and use tax, value-added tax and other transaction taxes imposed on the related transaction including mandatory government charges that are passed through to our customers. We account for a contract when both parties have approved and committed to the contract, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance and collectability of consideration is probable. 
 Our arrangements with customers may contain multiple products and services. We account for individual products and services separately if they are distinct that is, if a product or service is separately identifiable from other items in the contract and if a customer can benefit from it on its own or with other resources that are readily available to the customer. 
 We recognize revenue after applying the following five steps for arrangements with customers within the scope of ASC 606: 
 identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer; 

identification of the performance obligations in the contract, including whether they are distinct within the context of the contract; 

determination of the transaction price, including the constraint on variable consideration; 

allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 

recognition of revenue when, or as, the performance obligations are satisfied. 

53 

We allocate the transaction price of the arrangement based on the relative estimated standalone selling price SSP of each distinct performance obligation. In determining SSP, we maximize observable inputs, when possible. Since prices vary from customer to customer based on customer relationship, volume discount and contract type, in instances where the SSP is not directly observable, we estimate SSP by considering a number of data points, including cost of developing and supplying each performance obligation; types of offerings; and gross margin objectives and pricing practices, such as contractually stated prices, discounts offered, and applicable price lists. 
 We only include estimated amounts in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. When applicable, we reduce transaction prices for estimated returns that represent variable consideration under ASC 606, which we estimate based on historical return experience and other relevant factors, and record a corresponding refund liability as a component of accrued expenses and other current liabilities. Other forms of contingent revenue or variable consideration are infrequent. 
 Revenue is recognized when control of these products or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those products or services. 
 We assess the timing of the transfer of products or services to the customer as compared to the timing of payments to determine whether a significant financing component exists. In accordance with the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-32-18, we do not assess the existence of a significant financing component when the difference between payment and transfer of deliverables is a year or less. If the difference in timing arises for reasons other than the provision of finance to either the customer or us, no financing component is deemed to exist. The primary purpose of our invoicing terms is to provide customers with simplified and predictable ways of purchasing our services, not to receive or provide financing from or to customers. We do not consider set-up fees nor other upfront fees paid by our customers to represent a financing component. 
 Reimbursements for out-of-pocket costs generally include, but are not limited to, costs related to transportation, lodging and meals. When applicable, revenue from reimbursed out-of-pocket costs is accounted for as variable consideration. 
 Performance Obligations 
 License 
 Embedded software and technology licenses operate without access to external networks and information. Embedded licenses sold with non-distinct professional services to customize and/or integrate the underlying software and technology are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. Revenue from the combined performance obligation is recognized over time based upon the progress towards completion of the project, which is measured based on the labor hours already incurred to date as compared to the total estimated labor hours. 
 Revenue from distinct embedded software and technology licenses, which do not require professional services to customize and/or integrate the software license, is recognized at the point in time when the software and technology is made available to the customer and control is transferred. For income statement presentation purposes, we separate distinct embedded license revenue from professional services revenue by allocating the transaction price based on their relative SSPs. 
 Revenue from embedded software and technology licenses sold on a royalty basis, where the license of non-exclusive intellectual property is the predominant item to which the royalty relates, is recognized in the period the usage occurs in accordance with ASC 606-10-55-65(A). 
 For royalty arrangements that include fixed consideration related to usage guarantees, the fixed consideration is recognized when the software is made available to the customer. 
 Connected Services 
 Connected services, which allow our customers to use the hosted software over the contract period without taking possession of the software, are provided on a usage basis as consumed or on a fixed fee subscription basis. Our connected services contract terms generally range from one to five years. 
 As each day of providing services is substantially the same and the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits as access is provided, we have determined that our usage basis connected services arrangements are a single performance obligation comprised of a series of distinct services. These services include variable consideration, typically a function of usage. We recognize revenue as each distinct service period is performed (i.e., recognized as incurred). 
 Fixed fee subscription basis revenue represents a single promise to stand-ready to provide access to our connected services. We recognize revenue over time on a ratable basis over the respective hosting subscription term. 
 54 

Our connected service arrangements generally include services to develop, customize, and stand-up applications for each customer. In determining whether these services are distinct, we consider the dependence of the cloud service on the up-front development and stand-up, as well as availability of the services from other vendors. We have concluded that the up-front development, stand-up and customization services are not distinct performance obligations, and as such, revenue for these activities is recognized over the period during which the cloud-connected services are provided, and is included within connected services revenue. There can be instances where the customer purchases a software license that allows them to take possession of the software to enable hosting by the customer or a third-party. For such arrangements, the performance obligation of the license is completed at a point in time once the customer takes possession of the software. 
 Professional Services 
 Revenue from distinct professional services, including training, is recognized over time based upon the progress towards completion of the project, which is measured based on the labor hours already incurred to date as compared to the total estimated labor hours. 
 Significant Judgments 
 Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. Our license contracts often include professional services to customize and/or integrate the licenses into the customer s environment. Judgment is required to determine whether the license is considered distinct and accounted for separately, or not distinct and accounted for together with professional services. Furthermore, hybrid contracts that contain both embedded and connected license and professional services are analyzed to determine if the products and services are distinct or have stand-alone functionality to determine the revenue treatment. 
 We allocate the transaction price of the arrangement based on the relative estimated SSP of each distinct performance obligation. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. In determining SSP, we maximize observable inputs, when possible. Since our prices vary from customer to customer based on customer relationship, volume discount and contract type, there are instances where the SSP is not directly observable. In such instances, we estimate SSP by considering a number of data points, including cost of developing and supplying each performance obligation; types of offerings; and gross margin objectives and pricing practices, such as contractually stated prices, discounts offered, and applicable price lists. These factors may vary over time, depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each deliverable. We review the SSP for each distinct performance obligation on a periodic basis, or when the underlying factors are deemed to have changed, and make updates when appropriate. 
 Contract Acquisition Costs 
 We are required to capitalize certain contract acquisition costs. The capitalized costs primarily relate to paid commissions. In accordance with the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-10-4, we apply a portfolio approach to estimate contract acquisition costs for groups of customer contracts. We elect to apply the practical expedient in ASC 340-40-25-4 and will expense contract acquisition costs as incurred where the expected period of benefit is one year or less. Contract acquisition costs are deferred and amortized on a straight-line basis over the period of benefit, which we have estimated to be between one and eight years. The period of benefit was determined based on an average customer contract term, expected contract renewals, changes in technology and our ability to retain customers, including canceled contracts. We assess the amortization term for all major transactions based on specific facts and circumstances. Contract acquisition costs are classified as current or noncurrent assets based on when the expense will be recognized. The current and noncurrent portions of contract acquisition costs are included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and in Other assets, respectively. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, we had 8.0 million and 8.3 million of contract acquisition costs. We had amortization expense of 3.8 million, 2.5 million, and 1.9 million related to these costs during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021. There was no impairment related to contract acquisition costs. 
 Capitalized Contract Costs 
 We capitalize incremental costs incurred to fulfill our contracts that (i) relate directly to the contract, (ii) are expected to generate resources that will be used to satisfy our performance obligation under the contract, and (iii) are expected to be recovered through revenue generated under the contract. Our capitalized costs consist primarily of setup costs, such as costs to standup, customize and develop applications for each customer, which are incurred to satisfy our stand-ready obligation to provide access to our connected offerings. These contract costs are expensed to cost of revenue as we satisfy our stand-ready obligation over the contract term which we estimate to be between one and eight years, on average. The contract term was determined based on an average customer contract term, expected contract renewals, changes in technology, and our ability to retain customers, including canceled contracts. We classify these costs as current or noncurrent based on the timing of when we expect to recognize the expense. The current and noncurrent portions of capitalized contract fulfillment costs are presented as Deferred costs. 
 55 

We had amortization expense of 9.9 million, 10.2 million and 15.4 million related to these costs during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There was no impairment related to contract fulfillment costs capitalized. 
 Trade Accounts Receivable and Contract Balances 
 We classify our right to consideration in exchange for deliverables as either a receivable or a contract asset. A receivable is a right to consideration that is unconditional (i.e., only the passage of time is required before payment is due). We present such receivables in Accounts receivable, net in our Consolidated Balance Sheets at their net estimated realizable value. We maintain an allowance for credit losses to provide for the estimated amount of receivables that may not be collected. 
 Our contract assets and liabilities are reported in a net position on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. Contract assets include unbilled amounts from long-term contracts when revenue recognized exceeds the amount billed to the customer, and right to payment is not solely subject to the passage of time. The current and noncurrent portions of contract assets are included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other assets, respectively. 
 Our contract liabilities, or deferred revenue, consist of advance payments and billings in excess of revenues recognized. We classify deferred revenue as current or noncurrent based on when we expect to recognize the revenues. 
 Goodwill Impairment Analysis 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price in a business combination over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized but tested annually for impairment or when indicators of impairment are present. The test for goodwill impairment involves a qualitative assessment of impairment indicators. If indicators are present, a quantitative test of impairment is performed. Goodwill impairment, if any, is determined by comparing the reporting unit s fair value to its carrying value. An impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess of the reporting unit s carrying value over its fair value, up to the amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually on July 1, the first day of the fourth quarter of the fiscal year. There was no goodwill impairment for the fiscal years ending September 30, 2021 and 2023. 
 For the purpose of testing goodwill for impairment, all goodwill acquired in a business combination is assigned to one or more reporting units. A reporting unit represents an operating segment or a component within an operating segment for which discrete financial information is available and is regularly reviewed by segment management for performance assessment and resource allocation. Components of similar economic characteristics are aggregated into one reporting unit for the purpose of goodwill impairment assessment. Reporting units are identified annually and re-assessed periodically for recent acquisitions or any changes in segment reporting structure. Upon consideration of our components, we have concluded that our goodwill is associated with one reporting unit. 
 The fair value of a reporting unit is generally determined using a combination of the income approach and the market approach. For the income approach, fair value is determined based on the present value of estimated future after-tax cash flows, discounted at an appropriate risk-adjusted rate. We use our internal forecasts to estimate future after-tax cash flows and estimate the long-term growth rates based on our most recent views of the long-term outlook for each reporting unit. Actual results may differ from those assumed in our forecasts. We derive our discount rates using a capital asset pricing model and analyzing published rates for industries relevant to our reporting units to estimate the weighted average cost of capital. We adjust the discount rates for the risks and uncertainty inherent in the respective businesses and in our internally developed forecasts. For the market approach, we use a valuation technique in which values are derived based on valuation multiples of comparable publicly traded companies. We assess each valuation methodology based upon the relevance and availability of the data at the time we perform the valuation and weight the methodologies appropriately. 
 At September 30, 2022, we performed a quantitative impairment test. We concluded indicators of impairment were present due to the current macroeconomic conditions, including continued declines in our stock price. The fair value of our reporting unit was determined using a combination of the income approach and the market approach. For the income approach, fair value was determined based on the present value of estimated future after-tax cash flows using our multi-year target plan, discounted at an appropriate risk-adjusted rate. For the market approach, we used a valuation technique in which values were derived based on valuation multiples of comparable publicly traded companies. 
 We weighted the methodologies appropriately to estimate a fair value as of September 30, 2022. The carrying value of our reporting unit exceeded the estimated fair value. Based upon the results of the impairment test, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of 213.7 million within the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 On July 1, 2023, we completed the annual impairment testing of our goodwill. We elected to rely on a qualitative assessment and as a result we determined it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount. 
 Due to the update of our multi-year target plan, we concluded that indicators of impairment were present and performed a quantitative impairment test as of September 30, 2023. The fair value of our reporting unit was determined using a combination of the income approach and the market approach. For the income approach, fair value was determined based on the present value of 
 56 

estimated future after-tax cash flows using our multi-year target plan, discounted at an appropriate risk-adjusted rate. For the market approach, we used a valuation technique in which values were derived based on valuation multiples of comparable publicly traded companies. We weighted the methodologies appropriately to estimate a fair value as of September 30, 2023. The estimated fair value exceeded the carrying value of our reporting unit by greater than 10 of the carrying value. Based upon the results of the impairment test, no goodwill impairment was recorded as of September 30, 2023. 
 57 

Long-Lived Assets with Definite Lives 
 Our long-lived assets consist principally of technology, customer relationships, internally developed software, land, building, and equipment. Customer relationships are amortized over their estimated economic lives based on the pattern of economic benefits expected to be generated from the use of the asset. Other definite-lived assets are amortized over their estimated economic lives using the straight-line method. The remaining useful lives of long-lived assets are re-assessed periodically at the asset group level for any events and circumstances that may change the future cash flows expected to be generated from the long-lived asset or asset group. 
 Internally developed software consists of capitalized costs incurred during the application development stage, which include costs related to the design of the software configuration and interfaces, coding, installation and testing. Costs incurred during the preliminary project stage and post-implementation stage are expensed as incurred. Internally developed software is amortized over the estimated useful life, commencing on the date when the asset is ready for its intended use. Land, building and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the related lease term or the estimated useful life. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method. Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. The cost and related accumulated depreciation of sold or retired assets are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in the results of operations for the period. 
 Long-lived assets with definite lives are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of a specific asset or asset group may not be recoverable. We assess the recoverability of long-lived assets with definite lives at the asset group level. Asset groups are determined based upon the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. When the asset group is also a reporting unit, goodwill assigned to the reporting unit is also included in the carrying amount of the asset group. For the purpose of the recoverability test, we compare the total undiscounted future cash flows from the use and disposition of the assets with its net carrying amount. When the carrying value of the asset group exceeds the undiscounted future cash flows, the asset group is deemed to be impaired. The amount of the impairment loss represents the excess of the asset or asset group s carrying value over its estimated fair value, which is generally determined based upon the present value of estimated future pre-tax cash flows that a market participant would expect from use and disposition of the long-lived asset or asset group. There were no long-lived asset impairments in any of the periods presented. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We grant equity awards to certain employees which include stock options and restricted stock unit awards in accordance with provisions of the Cerence 2019 Equity Incentive Plan Equity Incentive Plan ). 
 We account for stock-based compensation through recognition of the fair value of the stock-based compensation as a charge against earnings. The fair value for time-based restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units is based on the closing share price of our common stock on the date of grant. For performance-based restricted stock units, the compensation cost is recognized based on the number of units expected to vest upon the achievement of the performance conditions. We recognize stock-based compensation as an expense on a straight-line basis, over the requisite service period. We account for forfeitures as they occur, rather than applying an estimated forfeiture rate. 
 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes using the assets and liabilities method, as prescribed by ASC No. 740, Income Taxes , or ASC 740. 
 Deferred Taxes 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carry amount of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. The method also requires the recognition of future tax benefits such as net operating loss carryforwards, to the extent that realization of such benefits is more likely than not after consideration of all available evidence. As the income tax returns are not due and filed until after the completion of our annual financial reporting requirements, the amounts recorded for the current period reflect estimates for the tax-based activity for the period. In addition, estimates are often required with respect to, among other things, the appropriate state and foreign income tax rates to use, the potential utilization of operating loss carry-forwards and valuation allowance required, if any, for tax assets that may not be realizable in the future. Tax laws and tax rates vary substantially in these jurisdictions and are subject to change given the political and economic climate. We report and pay income tax based on operational results and applicable law. Our tax provision contemplates tax rates currently enacted to determine both our current and deferred tax positions. 
 Any significant fluctuations in rates or changes in tax laws could cause our estimates of taxes we anticipate either paying or recovering in the future to change. Such changes could lead to either increases or decreases in our effective tax rates. 
 58 

We have historically estimated the future tax consequences of certain items, including bad debts and accruals that cannot be deducted for income tax purposes until such expenses are paid or the related assets are disposed. We believe the procedures and estimates used in our accounting for income taxes are reasonable and in accordance with established tax law. The income tax estimates used have not resulted in material adjustments to income tax expense in subsequent period when the estimates are adjusted to the actual filed tax return amounts. 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured used enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the fiscal years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. With respect to earnings expected to be indefinitely reinvested offshore, we do not accrue tax for the repatriations of such foreign earnings. 
 Valuation Allowance 
 We regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability considering historically profitability, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider both positive and negative evidence related to the likelihood of realization of the deferred tax assets. The weight given to the positive and negative evidence is commensurate with the extent to which the evidence may be objectively verified. If positive evidence regarding projected future taxable income, exclusive of reversing taxable temporary differences, existed it would be difficult for it to outweigh objective negative evidence of recent financial reporting losses. 
 During the third quarter of fiscal year 2022, we established a valuation allowance of 107.6 million against our deferred tax assets in a foreign jurisdiction, which consists of tax amortizable intellectual property and net operating loss carryforwards. We determined we had negative evidence, based on updates to transfer pricing arrangements and changes to the earnings guidance for fiscal year 2022. We will continue to maintain a valuation allowance against these deferred tax assets until we believe it is more likely than not that they will be realized. If sufficient positive evidence arises in the future indicating that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets meet the more likely than not standard, the valuation allowance would be reversed accordingly in the period that such determination is made. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 We operate in multiple jurisdictions through wholly owned subsidiaries and our global structure is complex. The estimates of our uncertain tax positions involve judgments and assessment of the potential tax implications related to legal entity restructuring, intercompany transfers and acquisitions or divestures. We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. Our tax positions are subject to audit by taxing authorities across multiple global jurisdictions and the resolution of such audits may span multiple years. Tax laws are complex and often subject to varied interpretations, accordingly, the ultimate outcome with respect to taxes we may own may differ from the amounts recognized. 
 Convertible Debt 
 We adopted ASU 2020-06 on October 1, 2022. Since the adoption of ASU 2020-06, we record our convertible debt at face value less unamortized issuance costs. Issuance costs are amortized to Interest expense in our Consolidated Statements of Operations using the effective interest method over the expected term of the convertible debt. We assess the short-term and long-term classification of our convertible debt on each balance sheet date. Whenever the holders have a contractual right to convert, the carrying amount of the convertible debt is reclassified to current liabilities. 
 Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06: (i) we bifurcate the debt and equity (the contingently convertible feature) components of our convertible debt instruments in a manner that reflects our nonconvertible debt borrowing rate at the time of issuance; (ii) the equity components of our convertible debt instruments were recorded within stockholders equity with an allocated issuance premium or discount; and (iii) the debt issuance premium or discount was amortized to Interest expense in our Consolidated Statements of Operations using the effective interest method over the expected term of the convertible debt. We assess the short-term and long-term classification of our convertible debt on each balance sheet date. Whenever the holders have a contractual right to convert, the carrying amount of the convertible debt is reclassified to current liabilities, with the corresponding equity component classified from additional paid-in capital to mezzanine equity, as needed. 
 Loss Contingencies 
 59 

We may be subject to legal proceedings, lawsuits and other claims relating to labor, service, intellectual property, and other matters that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business. On a quarterly basis, we review the status of each significant matter and assess our potential financial exposure. If the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we accrue a liability for the estimated loss. Significant judgments are required for the determination of probability and the range of the outcomes. Due to the inherent uncertainties, estimates are based only on the best information available at the time. Actual outcomes may differ from our estimates. As additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential liability related to our pending claims and litigation and may revise our estimates. Such revisions may have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitati ve Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates which could affect operating results, financial position and cash flows. We manage our exposure to these market risks through our regular operating and financing activities, and through the use of derivative financial instruments. 
 Exchange Rate Sensitivity 
 We are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Any foreign currency transaction, defined as a transaction denominated in a currency other than the local functional currency, will be reported in the functional currency at the applicable exchange rate in effect at the time of the transaction. A change in the value of the functional currency compared to the foreign currency of the transaction will have either a positive or negative impact on our financial position and results of operations. 
 Assets and liabilities of our foreign entities are translated into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and income and expense items are translated at average rates for the applicable period. Therefore, the change in the value of the U.S. dollar compared to foreign currencies will have either a positive or negative effect on our financial position and results of operations. Historically, our primary exposure has been related to transactions denominated in the Canadian dollar, Chinese yuan, Euro, and Japanese yen. 
 We use foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the foreign currency exchange risk associated with forecasted foreign denominated payments related to our ongoing business. The aggregate notional amount of our outstanding foreign currency forward contracts was 98.0 million at September 30, 2023. Foreign currency forward contracts are sensitive to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. A 10 unfavorable exchange rate movement in our portfolio of foreign currency contracts would have resulted in unrealized losses of 6.9 million at September 30, 2023. Such losses would be offset by corresponding gains in the remeasurement of the underlying transactions being hedged. We believe these foreign currency forward exchange contracts and the offsetting underlying commitments, when taken together, do not create material market risk. 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk as a result of our cash and cash equivalents and indebtedness related to the Senior Credit Facilities. 
 At September 30, 2023, we held approximately 101.2 million of cash and cash equivalents consisting of cash and highly liquid investments, including money-market funds and time deposits. Assuming a 1 increase in interest rates, our interest income on our money-market funds and time deposits classified as cash and cash equivalents would increase by 0.7 million per annum, based on September 30, 2023 reported balances. 
 The borrowings under our Senior Credit Facilities are subject to interest rates based on SOFR. As of September 30, 2023, assuming a 1 increase in interest rates and our Revolving Facility is fully drawn, our interest expense on our Senior Credit Facilities would increase by approximately 0.5 million per annum. 
 60 

Item 8. Financial Statement s and Supplementary Data. 
 
 Index to CONSOLIDATED Financial Statements 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, P.C., Boston, Massachusetts, PCAOB ID 
 62 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 65 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 66 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 
 67 

Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 68 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 69 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 70 

61 

Report of Independent Regist ered Public Accounting Firm 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Cerence Inc. 
 Burlington, Massachusetts 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cerence Inc. (the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income, consolidated statements of equity, and consolidated cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and our report dated November 29, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Identification of Performance Obligations 
 As described in Note 3 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, certain of the Company s revenue contracts contain multiple products and services relating to the sale of connected or embedded licenses and professional services. For these revenue contracts, the Company accounts for the individual products and services separately if they are distinct. The transaction price is allocated to the performance obligations based on their relative standalone selling prices. The Company determines the standalone selling prices by maximizing observable inputs when available, including pricing of standalone sales. When observable inputs are not available, the Company utilizes cost of developing and supplying each performance obligation, types of offerings, and gross margin objectives and pricing practices, such as contractually stated prices, discounts offered, and applicable price lists. 
 We determined that the identification of distinct performance obligations in the recognition of revenue related to contracts that contain multiple products or services represents a critical audit matter. The determination of whether multiple products or services within a contract are distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately requires management to exercise significant judgment and includes a high degree of subjectivity. Auditing the identification of distinct performance obligations in certain revenue contracts involved especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit effort required to address these matters. 
 62 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 Evaluating the design and testing operating effectiveness of certain controls relating to management s identification and assessment of distinct performance obligations in contracts with customers. 

Evaluating management s technical accounting policies and practices including the reasonableness of management s judgments and assumptions in the determination of whether the products and services represent distinct performance obligations. 

Testing the reasonableness of the identification of distinct performance obligations through inspection of a selection of customer contracts and other source documents. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 
 November 29, 2023 

63 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Cerence Inc. 
 Burlington, Massachusetts 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Cerence Inc. s (the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive (loss) income, consolidated statements of equity, and consolidated cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2023, and the related notes and our report dated November 29, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A, Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ BDO USA, P.C. 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 November 29, 2023 
 
 64 

CERENCE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT S OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended September 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Revenues: 

License 

Connected services 

Professional services 

Total revenues 

Cost of revenues: 

License 

Connected services 

Professional services 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Total cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Restructuring and other costs, net 

Goodwill impairment 

Total operating expenses 

(Loss) income from operations 

() 

() 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

() 

() 

Provision for income taxes 

Net (loss) income 

() 

() 

Net (loss) income per share: 

Basic 

() 

() 

Diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted-average common share outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Refer to accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 65 

CERENCE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended September 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Net (loss) income 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 

() 

() 

Pension adjustments, net 

() 

() 

Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

() 

Refer to accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 66 

CERENCE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BAL ANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 

September 30, 2023 

September 30, 2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Marketable securities 

Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and at September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively 

Deferred costs 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Long-term marketable securities 

Property and equipment, net 

Deferred costs 

Operating lease right of use assets 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Deferred tax assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Deferred revenue 

Short-term operating lease liabilities 

Short-term debt 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, net of discounts and issuance costs 

Deferred revenue, net of current portion 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 

Stockholders' Equity: 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized as of September 30, 2023; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Refer to accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 67 

CERENCE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 

Common Stock 

Shares 

Amount 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Total 

Balance at September 30, 2020 

() 

Net income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock 

- 

- 

Stock withheld to cover tax withholdings requirements upon stock vesting 

() 

() 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock 

- 

- 

Stock withheld to cover tax withholdings requirements upon stock vesting 

() 

() 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at September 30, 2022 

() 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Cumulative effect adjustment due to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 

Other comprehensive income 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock 

- 

- 

Increase in fair value of conversion option 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stock withheld to cover tax withholdings requirements upon stock vesting 

() 

() 

() 

- 

- 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

() 

() 

Refer to accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 68 

CERENCE INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT S OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 

Year Ended September 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (loss) income 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by (used in) operations: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Provision for (benefit from) credit loss reserve 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Non-cash interest expense 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Deferred tax benefit (provision) 

() 

Goodwill impairment 

Unrealized foreign currency transaction (gain) losses 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

() 

() 

Deferred costs 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Capital expenditures 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of marketable securities 

() 

() 

() 

Sale and maturities of marketable securities 

Purchase of debt securities 

() 

Payments for equity investments 

() 

() 

Other investing activities 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from revolving credit facility 

Payments of revolver credit facility 

() 

Proceeds from long-term debt, net of discount 

Payments for long-term debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Principal payments of long-term debt 

() 

() 

() 

Common stock repurchases for tax withholdings for net settlement of equity awards 

() 

() 

() 

Principal payment of lease liabilities arising from a finance lease 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from the issuance of common stock 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Refer to accompanying Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 69 

CERENCE INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 , (the Distribution Date ), Nuance Communications, Inc. Nuance or the Parent ), a leading provider of speech and language solutions for businesses and consumers around the world, completed the complete legal and structural separation and distribution to its stockholders of all of the outstanding shares of our common stock, and its consolidated subsidiaries, in a tax free spin-off (the Spin-Off ). In connection with the Distribution, on September 30, 2019, we filed an Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of , which became effective on . Our Amended and Restated By-laws also became effective on October 1, 2019. On October 2, 2019, our common stock began regular-way trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the ticker symbol CRNC. Business Cerence Inc. (referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as we, our, us, ourselves, the Company or Cerence is a global, premier provider of AI-powered assistants and innovations for connected and autonomous vehicles. Our customers include all major automobile original equipment manufacturers OEMs ), or their tier 1 suppliers worldwide. We deliver our solutions on a white-label basis, enabling our customers to deliver customized virtual assistants with unique, branded personalities and ultimately strengthening the bond between automobile brands and end users. We generate revenue primarily by selling software licenses and cloud-connected services. In addition, we generate professional services revenue from our work with OEMs and suppliers during the design, development and deployment phases of the vehicle model lifecycle and through maintenance and enhancement projects. 

account for a contract when both parties have approved and committed to the contract, the rights of the parties are identified, payment terms are identified, the contract has commercial substance and collectability of consideration is probable. Our arrangements with customers may contain multiple products and services. We account for individual products and services separately if they are distinct that is, if a product or service is separately identifiable from other items in the contract and if a customer can benefit from it on its own or with other resources that are readily available to the customer. We recognize revenue after applying the following five steps for arrangements with customers within the scope of ASC 606: identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer; 

 identification of the performance obligations in the contract, including whether they are distinct within the context of the contract; 

 determination of the transaction price, including the constraint on variable consideration; 

 allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 

 recognition of revenue when, or as, performance obligations are satisfied. 

 We allocate the transaction price of the arrangement based on the relative estimated standalone selling price SSP of each distinct performance obligation. In determining SSP, we maximize observable inputs, when possible. Since prices vary from customer to customer based on customer relationship, volume discount and contract type, in instances where the SSP is not directly observable, we estimate SSP by considering a number of data points, including cost of developing and supplying each performance obligation; types of offerings; and gross margin objectives and pricing practices, such as contractually stated prices, discounts offered, and applicable price lists. We only include estimated amounts in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. When applicable, we reduce transaction prices for estimated returns and other allowances that represent variable consideration under ASC 606, which we estimate based on historical return experience and other relevant factors, and record a corresponding refund liability as a component of accrued expenses and other current liabilities. Other forms of contingent revenue or variable consideration are infrequent. Revenue is recognized when control of these product or services are transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those products or services. We assess the timing of the transfer of products or services to the customer as compared to the timing of payments to determine whether a significant financing component exists. In accordance with the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-32-18, we do not assess the existence of a significant financing component when the difference between payment and transfer of deliverables is a year or less. If the difference in timing arises for reasons other than the provision of finance to either the customer or us, no financing component is deemed to exist. The primary purpose of our invoicing terms is to provide customers with simplified and predictable ways of purchasing our services, not to receive or provide financing from or to customers. We do not consider set-up fees nor other upfront fees paid by our customers to represent a financing component. Reimbursements for out-of-pocket costs generally include, but are not limited to, costs related to transportation, lodging and meals. When applicable, revenue from reimbursed out-of-pocket costs is accounted for as variable consideration. 
 While we use our best estimates and assumptions as part of the purchase price allocation process to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the business combination date, our estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. As a result, during the measurement period, which is generally one year from the acquisition date, any adjustment to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded against goodwill in the period in which the amount is determined. Any adjustment identified subsequent to the measurement period is included in operating results in the period in which the amount is determined. 

goodwill impairment for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, and 2021. We believe our Chief Executive Officer CEO is our chief operating decision maker CODM ). Our CEO approves all major decisions, including reorganizations and new business initiatives. Our CODM reviews routine consolidated operating information and makes decisions on the allocation of resources at this level, as such, we have concluded that we have operating segment. For the purpose of testing goodwill for impairment, all goodwill acquired in a business combination is assigned to one or more reporting units. A reporting unit represents an operating segment or a component within an operating segment for which discrete financial information is available and is regularly reviewed by segment management for performance assessment and resource allocation. Components of similar economic characteristics are aggregated into one reporting unit for the purpose of goodwill impairment assessment. Reporting units are identified annually and re-assessed periodically for recent acquisitions or any changes in segment reporting structure. Upon consideration of our components, we have concluded that our goodwill is associated with reporting unit. The fair value of a reporting unit is generally determined using a combination of the income approach and the market approach. For the income approach, fair value is determined based on the present value of estimated future after-tax cash flows, discounted at an appropriate risk-adjusted rate. We use our internal forecasts to estimate future after-tax cash flows and estimate the long-term growth rates based on our most recent views of the long-term outlook for each reporting unit. Actual results may differ from those assumed in our forecasts. We derive our discount rates using a capital asset pricing model and analyzing published rates for industries relevant to our reporting units to estimate the weighted average cost of capital. We adjust the discount rates for the risks and uncertainty inherent in the respective businesses and in our internally developed forecasts. For the market approach, we use a valuation technique in which values are derived based on valuation multiples of comparable publicly traded companies. We assess each valuation methodology based upon the relevance and availability of the data at the time we perform the valuation and weight the methodologies appropriately. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, we performed a quantitative impairment test. We concluded indicators of impairment were present due to the current macroeconomic conditions, including continued declines in our stock price. The fair value of our reporting unit was determined using a combination of the income approach and the market approach. For the income approach, fair value was determined based on the present value of estimated future after-tax cash flows using our multi-year target plan, discounted at an appropriate risk-adjusted rate. For the market approach, we used a valuation technique in which values were derived based on valuation multiples of comparable publicly traded companies. Based upon the results of the impairment test, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of million within the Consolidated Statement of Operations. On July 1, 2023, we completed the annual impairment testing of our goodwill. We elected to rely on a qualitative assessment and as a result we determined it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount. Due to the update of our multi-year target plan, we concluded that indicators of impairment were present and performed a quantitative impairment test as of September 30, 2023. The fair value of our reporting unit was determined using a combination of the income approach and the market approach. For the income approach, fair value was determined based on the present value of estimated future after-tax cash flows using our multi-year target plan, discounted at an appropriate risk-adjusted rate. For the market approach, we used a valuation technique in which values were derived based on valuation multiples of comparable publicly traded companies. We weighted the methodologies appropriately to estimate a fair value as of September 30, 2023. The estimated fair value exceeded the carrying value. Based upon the results of the impairment test, no goodwill impairment was recorded as of September 30, 2023. 
 impairment of long-lived assets during the years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 . 

Credit loss provision 

() 

Write-offs, net of recoveries 

() 

Foreign exchange impact on ending balance 

Balance as of September 30, 2021 

Credit loss provision 

() 

Write-offs, net of recoveries 

Foreign exchange impact on ending balance 

() 

Balance as of September 30, 2022 

Credit loss provision 

Foreign exchange impact on ending balance 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

t accrue tax for the repatriations of such foreign earnings. Valuation Allowance We regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability considering historical profitability, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider both positive and negative evidence related to the likelihood of realization of the deferred tax assets. The weight given to the positive and negative evidence is commensurate with the extent to which the evidence may be objectively verified. If positive evidence regarding projected future taxable income, exclusive of reversing taxable temporary differences, existed it would be difficult for it to outweigh objective negative evidence of recent financial reporting losses. During the third quarter of fiscal year 2022, we established a valuation allowance of million against our deferred tax assets in a foreign jurisdiction, which consists of tax amortizable intellectual property and net operating loss carryforwards. We will continue to maintain a valuation allowance against these deferred tax assets until we believe it is more likely than not that they will be realized. If sufficient positive evidence arises in the future indicating that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets meet the more likely than not standard, the valuation allowance would be reversed accordingly in the period that such determination is made. Uncertain Tax Positions We operate in multiple jurisdictions through wholly owned subsidiaries and our global structure is complex. The estimates of our uncertain tax positions involve judgments and assessment of the potential tax implications related to legal entity restructuring, intercompany transfers and acquisitions or divestures. We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. Our tax positions are subject to audit by taxing authorities across multiple global jurisdictions and the resolution of such audits may span multiple years. Tax laws are complex and often subject to varied interpretations, accordingly, the ultimate outcome with respect to taxes we may owe may differ from the amounts recognized. 

() 

Net unrealized gains (losses) on post-retirement benefits 

Net unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities 

() 

() 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

No income tax provisions or benefits are recorded for foreign currency translation adjustments as the undistributed earnings in our foreign subsidiaries are expected to be indefinitely reinvested. 
 customers accounted for , and of our Accounts receivable, net balance at September 30, 2023 . customer accounte d for of our Accounts receivable, net balance at September 30, 2022 . 
 million, million, and million, respectively. 
 liability for the tax withholding to be paid by us as a reduction to Additional paid-in capital. We record any income tax effect related to stock-based awards through the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Excess tax benefits are recognized as deferred tax assets upon settlement and are subject to regular review for valuation allowance, when applicable. 
 to five . the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise such options. Operating lease right of use assets and liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at the lease commencement date. As our leases generally do not provide an implicit rate, we use an estimated incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of future payments. The incremental borrowing rate represents an estimate of the interest rate we would incur at lease commencement to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over the term of a lease within a particular location and currency environment. Operating leases are included in Operating lease right of use assets, Short-term operating lease liabilities, and Long-term operating lease liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2023 and 2022. Finance leases are included in Property and equipment, net, Accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and Other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2023 and 2022. Lease costs for minimum lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For operating leases, costs are included within Cost of revenues, Research and development, Sales and marketing, and General and administrative lines on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For financing leases, amortization of the finance right of use assets is included within Research and Development, Sales and marketing, and General and administrative lines on the Consolidated Statements of Operations, and interest expense is included within Interest expense. For operating leases, the related cash payments are included in the operating cash flows on the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. For financing leases, the related cash payments for the principal portion of the lease liability are included in the financing cash flows on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows and the related cash payments for the interest portion of the lease liability are included within the operating section of the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. 
 
 share, we would assume conversion of the Notes at the respective ratio as further described in Note 17. Assumed converted shares of our common stock are weighted for the period the Notes were outstanding. 
 ASU 2020-06 on using the modified retrospective approach. As a result, the Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes and together with the 2028 Notes (as defined below) and the 2025 Modified Notes (as defined below), the Notes are no longer bifurcated into separate liability and equity components. The 2028 Notes (as defined below) were issued during fiscal year 2023. The adoption does not have a material impact on our Consolidated Statements of Operations and Cash Flows. 

Liabilities: 

Long-term debt, net of discounts and issuance costs 

Equity: 

Additional paid-in capital 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

considering a number of data points, including cost of developing and supplying each performance obligation; types of offerings; and gross margin objectives and pricing practices, such as contractually stated prices, discounts offered, and applicable price lists. We only include estimated amounts in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved. When applicable, we reduce transaction prices for estimated returns and other allowances that represent variable consideration under ASC 606, which we estimate based on historical return experience and other relevant factors, and record a corresponding refund liability as a component of Accrued expenses and other current liabilities. Other forms of contingent revenue or variable consideration are infrequent. Revenue is recognized when control of these product or services are transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those products or services. We assess the timing of the transfer of products or services to the customer as compared to the timing of payments to determine whether a significant financing component exists. In accordance with the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-32-18, we do not assess the existence of a significant financing component when the difference between payment and transfer of deliverables is a year or less. If the difference in timing arises for reasons other than the provision of finance to either the customer or us, no financing component is deemed to exist. The primary purpose of our invoicing terms is to provide customers with simplified and predictable ways of purchasing our services, not to receive or provide financing from or to customers. We do not consider set-up fees nor other upfront fees paid by our customers to represent a financing component. Reimbursements for out-of-pocket costs generally include, but are not limited to, costs related to transportation, lodging and meals. When applicable, revenue from reimbursed out-of-pocket costs is accounted for as variable consideration. (a) Performance Obligations Licenses Embedded software and technology licenses operate without access to external networks and information. Embedded licenses sold with non-distinct professional services to customize and/or integrate the underlying software and technology are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. Revenue from the combined performance obligation is recognized over time based upon the progress towards completion of the project, which is measured based on the labor hours already incurred to date as compared to the total estimated labor hours. Revenue from distinct embedded software and technology licenses, which do not require professional services to customize and/or integrate the software license, is recognized at the point in time when the software and technology is made available to the customer and control is transferred. For income statement presentation purposes, we separate distinct embedded license revenue from professional services revenue by allocating the transaction price based on their relative SSPs. Revenue from embedded software and technology licenses sold on a royalty basis, where the license of non-exclusive intellectual property is the predominant item to which the royalty relates, is recognized in the period the usage occurs in accordance with ASC 606-10-55-65(A). For royalty arrangements that include fixed consideration related to usage guarantees, the fixed consideration is recognized when the software is made available to the customer. Connected Services Connected services, which allow our customers to use the hosted software over the contract period without taking possession of the software, are provided on a usage basis as consumed or on a fixed fee subscription basis. Our connected services contract terms generally range from one to . As each day of providing services is substantially the same and the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits as access is provided, we have determined that our usage basis connected services arrangements are a single performance obligation comprised of a series of distinct services. These services include variable consideration, typically a function of usage. We recognize revenue as each distinct service period is performed (i.e., recognized as incurred). Fixed fee subscription basis revenue represents a single promise to stand-ready to provide access to our connected services. We recognize revenue over time on a ratable basis over the respective hosting subscription term. Our connected service arrangements generally include services to develop, customize, and stand-up applications for each customer. In determining whether these services are distinct, we consider the dependence of the cloud service on the up-front development and stand-up, as well as availability of the services from other vendors. We have concluded that the up-front development, stand-up and customization services are not distinct performance obligations, and as such, revenue for these activities is recognized over the period during which the cloud-connected services are provided, and is included within Connected services revenue. There can be instances where the customer purchases a software license that allows them to take possession of the software to enable hosting by the customer or a third-party. For such arrangements, the performance obligation of the license is completed at a point in time once the customer takes possession of the software. Professional Services Revenue from distinct professional services, including training, is recognized over time based upon the progress towards completion of the project, which is measured based on the labor hours already incurred to date as compared to the total estimated labor hours. (b) Significant Judgments Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. Our license contracts often include professional services to customize and/or integrate the licenses into the customer s environment. Judgment is required to determine whether the license is considered distinct and accounted for separately, or not distinct and accounted for together with professional services. Furthermore, hybrid contracts that contain both embedded and connected license and professional services are analyzed to determine if the products and services are distinct or have stand-alone functionality to determine the revenue treatment. We allocate the transaction price of the arrangement based on the relative estimated SSP of each distinct performance obligation. Judgment is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. In determining SSP, we maximize observable inputs, when possible. Since our prices vary from customer to customer based on customer relationship, volume discount and contract type, there are instances where the SSP is not directly observable. In such instances, we estimate SSP by considering a number of data points, including cost of developing and supplying each performance obligation; types of offerings; and gross margin objectives and pricing practices, such as contractually stated prices, discounts offered, and applicable price lists. These factors may vary over time, depending upon the unique facts and circumstances related to each deliverable. We review the SSP for each distinct performance obligation on a periodic basis, or when the underlying factors are deemed to have changed, and make updates when appropriate. (c) Disaggregated Revenue 

Other Americas 

Germany 

Other Europe, Middle East and Africa 

Japan 

Other Asia-Pacific 

Total net revenues 

Revenues rel ating to customer accounted for million, or of re venue for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. Revenues relating to customers accounted for million, or , and million, or of revenue for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 . During fiscal year 2022, certain existing variable long-term contracts with our largest customer were converted into minimum purchase commitment deals. The estimated future revenues related to these long-term contracts were previously included in our estimated future revenues from variable forecasted royalties related to our embedded and connected businesses. These minimum purchase commitment deals accounted for million of revenues for fiscal year 2022. The cash associated with these deals is expected to be collected over the distribution period, which could be up to . Revenues relating to customers accounted for million, or , and million, or of revenue for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021. (d) Contract Acquisition Costs We are required to capitalize certain contract acquisition costs. The capitalized costs primarily relate to paid commissions. In accordance with the practical expedient in ASC 606-10-10-4, we apply a portfolio approach to estimate contract acquisition costs for groups of customer contracts. We elect to apply the practical expedient in ASC 340-40-25-4 and will expense contract acquisition costs as incurred where the expected period of benefit is or less. Contract acquisition costs are deferred and amortized on a straight-line basis over the period of benefit, which we have estimated to be, on average, between one and . The period of benefit was determined based on an average customer contract term, expected contract renewals, changes in technology and our ability to retain customers, including canceled contracts. We assess the amortization term for all major transactions based on spec ific facts and circumstances. Contract acquisition costs are classified as current or noncurrent assets based on when the expense will be recognized. The current and noncurrent portions of contract acquisition costs are included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets, and in Other assets, respectively. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022 , we had million and million of contract acquisition costs. We had amortization expense of million, million and million related to these costs during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively . There was impairment related to contract acquisition costs. (e) Capitalized Contract Costs We capitalize incremental costs incurred to fulfill our contracts that (i) relate directly to the contract, (ii) are expected to generate resources that will be used to satisfy our performance obligation under the contract, and (iii) are expected to be recovered through revenue generated under the contract. Our capitalized costs consist primarily of setup costs, such as costs to standup, customize and develop applications for each customer, which are incurred to satisfy our stand-ready obligation to provide access to our connected offerings. These contract costs are expensed to cost of revenue as we satisfy our stand-ready obligation over the contract term which we estimate to be between one and , on average. The contract term was determined based on an average customer contract term, expected contract renewals, changes in technology, and our ability to retain customers, including canceled contracts. We classify these costs as current or noncurrent based on the timing of when we expect to recognize the expense. The current and noncurrent portions of capitalized contract fulfillment costs are presented as Deferred costs. We had amortization expense of million, million and million related to these costs during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There was impairment related to contract costs capitalized. (f) Trade Accounts Receivable and Contract Balances We classify our right to consideration in exchange for deliverables as either a receivable or a contract asset. A receivable is a right to consideration that is unconditional (i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment is due). We present such receivables in Accounts receivable, net in our Consolidated Balance Sheets at their net estimated realizable value. Accounts receivable, net as of September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 were million, million, and million. We maintain an allowance for credit losses to provide for the estimated amount of receivables and contract assets that may not be collected. Our contract assets and liabilities are reported in a net position on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. Contract assets include unbilled amounts from long-term contracts when revenue recognized exceeds the amount billed to the customer, and right to payment is not solely subject to the passage of time. The current and noncurrent portions of contract assets are included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other assets, respectively. 

Revenues recognized but not billed 

Amounts reclassified to accounts receivable, net 

() 

Foreign exchange impact on ending balance 

() 

Balance as of September 30, 2022 

Revenues recognized but not billed 

Amounts reclassified to accounts receivable, net 

() 

Foreign exchange impact on ending balance 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

Our contract liabilities, which we present as deferred revenue, consist of advance payments and billings in excess of revenues recognized. We classify deferred revenue as current or noncurrent based on when we expect to recognize the revenues. 

Amounts billed but not recognized 

Revenue recognized 

() 

Foreign exchange impact on ending balance 

() 

Balance as of September 30, 2022 

Amounts billed but not recognized 

Revenue recognized 

() 

Foreign exchange impact on ending balance 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

(g) Remaining Performance Obligations 

The table above includes fixed remaining performance obligations and does not include contingent usage-based activities, such as royalties and usage-based connected services. On October 31, 2023, we entered into an early termination agreement relating to a legacy contract acquired by Nuance through a 2013 acquisition. Previously the term of the contract ended on , whereas the agreement signed on October 31, 2023, updated the termination date to . There is no cash flow associated with this legacy contract.The effect of this change is to accelerate million of deferred revenue into the first quarter of fiscal year 2024. The table presented above is as of September 30, 2023, and does not include the impact of the deferred revenue acceleration. 

 ratio as further described in Note 17. Assumed converted shares of our common stock are weighted for the period the Notes were outstanding.) 

() 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic 

Dilutive effect of restricted stock awards 

- 

- 

Dilutive effect of contingently issuable stock awards 

- 

- 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 

Net (loss) income per common share: 

Basic 

() 

() 

Diluted 

() 

() 

We exclude weighted-average potentially issuable shares from the calculations of diluted net (loss) income per share during the applicable periods because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 

- 

Contingently issuable stock awards 

- 

Conversion option of our Notes 

at cost (a) 

- 

Government securities at cost (b) 

- 

Level 2: 

Government securities at cost (b) 

- 

Time deposits, at cost (a) 

Commercial paper, at cost (b) 

- 

Corporate bonds, at cost (b) 

- 

Debt securities, at cost (c) 

- 

- 

Total assets 

September 30, 2022 

Fair Value 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Marketable Securities 

Level 1: 

Money market funds at cost (a) 

- 

Government securities at cost (b) 

- 

Level 2: 

Government securities at cost (b) 

- 

Time deposits, at cost (a) 

- 

Commercial paper, at cost (b) 

- 

Corporate bonds, at cost (b) 

- 

Debt securities, at cost (c) 

- 

- 

Total assets 

During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 , we recorded unrealized gains (losses) related to our marketable securities of million and million, respectively, within Accumulated other comprehensive loss. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2021, we recorded an immaterial amount of unrealized losses related to our marketable securities. The carrying amounts of certain financial instruments, including cash held in banks, accounts receivable, and accounts payable, approximate fair value due to their short-term maturities and are excluded from the fair value tables above. Derivative financial instruments are recognized at fair value using quoted forward rates and prices and classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. See Note 6 Derivative Financial Instruments for additional details. Long-term debt The estimated fair value of our Long-term debt is determined by Level 2 inputs and is based on observable market data including prices for similar instruments. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022 , the estimated fair value of our Notes was million and million, respectively. The Notes are recorded at face value less unamortized debt discount and transaction costs on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The carrying amount of the Senior Credit Facilities (as defined in Note 17) approximates fair value given the underlying interest rate applied to such amounts outstanding is currently set to the prevailing market rate. Equity securities During the second quarter of fiscal year 2023, we obtained equity securities in a privately held company as part of a non-cash transaction. These equity securities are recognized at fair value and are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. We have non-controlling equity investment in privately held companies. We evaluated the equity investments under the voting model and concluded consolidation was not applicable. We accounted for the investments by electing the measurement alternative for investments without readily determinable fair values and for which we do not have the ability to exercise significant influence. The non-marketable equity securities are carried at cost less any impairment, plus or minus adjustments resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer, which is recorded within the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Investments without readily determinable fair values were million and million as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 , respectively. These investments are included within Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Impairment related to investments without readily determinable fair values was million during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. impairment was recorded for the fiscal years ended September 2022 and 2021. 

 . As of September 30, 2023 and 2022 , the total notional amount of forward contracts was million a n d million, respectively. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022 , the weighted-average remaining maturity of these instruments was approximately and months, respectively. 

Foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Other assets 

Foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Foreign currency forward contracts 
 
 Other liabilities 

Total 

Balance as of September 30, 2021 

Goodwill impairment 
 
 () 

Effect of foreign currency translation 
 
 () 

Balance as of September 30, 2022 

Effect of foreign currency translation 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

(b) Intangible Assets, Net 

() 

Technology and patents 

() 

Total 

() 

September 30, 2022 

Gross Carrying Amount 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net Carrying Amount 

Weighted Average Remaining Life (Years) 

Customer relationships 

() 

Technology and patents 

() 

Total 

() 

Amortization expense for acquired technology and patents is included in the cost of revenue in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations and amounted to million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense for customer relationships is included in operating expenses and amounted to million , million, and million in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 , respectively. 

2025 

Total 

- 

Computers, software and equipment 
 
 - 

Leasehold improvements 
 
 - 

Furniture and fixtures 
 
 - 

Finance leases 

Construction in progress 

Subtotal 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Total 

As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, the net book value o f capitalized internal-use software costs was million and million, respectively, which are included within computers, software, and equipment. Depreciation expense for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively, which included amortization expense of million, million, and million, respectively, for internally developed so ftware costs. 

Germany 

Canada 

Other countries 

Total long-lived assets 

Sales and other taxes payable 

Cost of revenue related liabilities 

Professional fees 

Interest payable 

Other 

Total 

86 

Restructuring and other costs, net 

Non-cash adjustment 

Cash payments 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign exchange impact on ending balance 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at September 30, 2021 

Restructuring and other costs, net 

Non-cash adjustment 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Cash payments 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign exchange impact on ending balance 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at September 30, 2022 

Restructuring and other costs, net 

Non-cash adjustment 

() 

() 

Cash payments 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Foreign exchange impact on ending balance 

() 

Balance at September 30, 2023 

Fiscal Year 2023 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, we recorded restructuring and other costs, net of million , which included a million severance charge related to the elimination of personnel, million of third-party fees relating to the modification of the 2025 Notes, and a million charge resulting from the closure of facilities that will no longer be utilized. Fiscal Year 2022 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022 , we recorded restructuring and other costs, net of million, which included million, net of million in forfeitures, in stock-based compensation due to the resignation of our former CEO and the resulting modification of certain stock-based awards, million other one-time charges, million severance charge related to the elimination of personnel, and million charge resulting from the closure of facilities that will no longer be utilized. Fiscal Year 2021 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2021 , we recorded restructuring and other costs, net of million, which included a million severance charge related to the elimination of personnel across multiple functions, million charge resulting from the closure of facilities that will no longer be utilized, and million related to other one-time charges. 

 to . the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise such options. Operating lease right of use assets and liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at the lease commencement date. As our leases generally do not provide an implicit rate, we use an estimated incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of future payments. The incremental borrowing rate represents an estimate of the interest rate we would incur at lease commencement to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over the term of a lease within a particular location and currency environment. 

Finance leases 

Weighted-average discount rate: 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

Finance lease assets 
 
 Property and equipment, net 

Total lease assets 

Liabilities 

Current 

Operating 
 
 Short-term operating lease liabilities 

Finance 
 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Noncurrent 

Operating 
 
 Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Finance 
 
 Other liabilities 

Total lease liability 

Interest on lease liability 

Operating lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Sublease income 

() 

() 

() 

Total lease cost 

For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 cash payments related to operating l eases were million, million and million, respectively. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 , cash payments related to financing leases were million, million and million, respectively, of which an immaterial amount related to the interest portion of the lease liability. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations were million, million and million, respectively. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less effects of discounting 

() 

() 

() 

Total lease liabilities 

Reported as of September 30, 2023 

Short-term lease liabilities 

Long-term lease liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

shares of capital stock have been authorized, consisting of shares of Preferred Stock, par value per share, or Preferred Stock ), and shares of Common Stock, par value per share Common Stock ). On October 2, 2019, we registered the issuance of shares of Common Stock, consisting of shares of Common Stock reserved under the Cerence 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, Equity Incentive Plan ), and shares of Common Stock that are reserved for issuance under the Cerence 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). The Equity Incentive Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, stock awards, stock units, stock appreciation rights, and certain other stock-based awards. of the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the close of business on the immediately preceding December 31st; and (B) the number of shares of Common Stock determined by the Board on or prior to such date for such year. from the date of grant. Restricted Awards The fair value of Restricted Awards, including Restricted Stock Units and Restricted Stock, is measured based upon the market price of the underlying common stock as of the date of grant. Restricted Awards generally vest over a period of two to . We also include certain Restricted Awards with vesting solely dependent on the achievement of specified performance targets. The fair value of Restricted Awards is amortized to expense over the awards applicable requisite service period. In the event that the employees employment with us terminates, or in the case of awards with only performance targets, if those targets are not met, any unvested shares are forfeited. In fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we withheld payroll taxes totaling million , million and million, respectively, related to the vesting of Restricted Awards. 

Granted 

Vested 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Forfeited 
 
 () 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Non-vested at September 30, 2023 

Expected to vest 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan On October 2, 2019, we adopted the ESPP and approved shares for issuance under this plan. The ESPP is administered by our Board of Directors Compensation Committee. The ESPP provides for the issuance of shares of our common stock to participating employees. of their base pay, accumulated via payroll deductions, at an amount equal to of the lower of our stock price on (i) the first day of the offering period, or (ii) the last day of the offering period. expected dividends. The following table sets forth the weighted-average key assumptions and fair value results for shares issued under the ESPP during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended September 30, 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Expected dividend yield 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected volatility 

Expected life (in years) 

Weighted-average fair value of shares issued (per share) 

Average price of shares issued 

Stock-based Compensation During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we recognize stock-based compensation expenses over the requisite service periods. Our share-based awards are classified within equity. Stock-based compensation for the anticipated Restricted Awards has been adjusted to reflect our estimated achievement under the modified targets and is recorded prospectively over the requisite service period. 

Cost of professional services 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Restructuring and other costs, net 

Total 

During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2022, we recorded million, net of million in forfeitures, in stock-based compensation due to the resignation of our former CEO and the resulting modification of certain stock-based awards in Restructuring and other costs, net. We recorded million, net of million in forfeitures, in stock-based compensation due to the retirement of our former CFO and resignation of our former General Counsel and the resulting modification of certain stock-based awards. 

 September 9, 2022, the defendants in the Securities Action moved to dismiss the action in its entirety. That motion is now fully briefed but it has not yet been resolved. We intend to defend the claims vigorously. Given the uncertainty of litigation, the preliminary stage of the case, and the legal standards that must be met for, among other things, class certification and success on the merits, we cannot estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss that may result from this action. Derivative Actions On May 10 and 12, 2022, respectively, plaintiffs William Shafer and Peter Morse filed shareholder derivative complaints in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts on behalf of Cerence Inc. against defendants (and former officers) Sanjay Dwahan and Mark J. Gallenberger as well as board members Arun Sarin, Thomas Beaudoin, Marianne Budnik, Sanjay Jha, Kristi Ann Matus, Alfred Nietzel and current CEO and board member Stefan Ortmanns. These actions are premised on factual contentions substantially similar to those made in the Securities Action and contain substantially similar legal contentions. As such, on June 13, 2022, at the parties' request, the court consolidated these derivative actions into a single action and appointed co-lead counsel for plaintiffs in that consolidated action. The parties agreed to stay the consolidated action pending a ruling on the forthcoming motion to dismiss in the Securities Action, and the court has ordered that stay. Two shareholder derivative complaints making factual and legal contentions substantially similar to those raised in the consolidated action have been also filed in the Delaware Court of Chancery: one filed on October 19, 2022 by plaintiff Melinda Hipp against the defendants named in the consolidated action and board member Douglas Davis, and one filed on August 17, 2023 by plaintiff Catherine Fleming against the defendants named in the consolidated action. The parties have respectively agreed to stay those actions pending a ruling on the motion to dismiss in the Securities Action, and the courts hearing those actions have ordered those stays. Given the uncertainty of litigation, the preliminary stage of the cases, and the legal standards that must be met for, among other things, derivative standing and success on the merits, we cannot estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss that may result from these derivative actions. A.P., a minor, by and through her guardian, Carlos Pena and Carlos Pena Action On , plaintiffs A.P., a minor, by and through her guardian, Carlos Pena, and Carlos Pena, each individually and on behalf of similarly situated individuals filed a purported class action lawsuit in the Circuit Court of Cook County, Illinois, Chancery Division (Case. No. 2023CH02866 (Cir. Ct. Cook Cnty. 2023)). The case was removed to Federal Court (Case No. 1:23CV2667 (N.D. Ill.)), and then severed and remanded back in part, so there are two pending cases. Plaintiffs subsequently amended the federal complaint twice, with the latest second amended complaint, filed on July 13, 2023, adding plaintiffs Randolph Freshour and Vincenzo Allan, each also filing individually and on behalf of similarly situated individuals. Plaintiffs allege that Cerence violated the Illinois Biometric Information Privacy Act BIPA ), 740 ILCS 14/1 et seq. through Cerence s Drive Platform technology, which is integrated in various automobiles. The named plaintiffs allegedly drove or rode in a vehicle with Cerence s Drive Platform technology. Across both cases, plaintiffs allege that Cerence violated: (1) BIPA Section 15(a) by possessing biometrics without any public written policy for their retention or destruction; (2) BIPA Section 15(b) by collecting, capturing, or obtaining biometrics without written notice or consent; (3) BIPA Section 15(c) by profiting from biometrics obtained from Plaintiffs and putative class members; and (4) BIPA Section 15(d) by disclosing biometrics to third party companies without consent. Cerence has filed motions to dismiss both cases. Plaintiffs are seeking statutory damages of for each willful and/or reckless violation of BIPA and, alternatively, damages of for each negligent violation of BIPA. Given the uncertainty of litigation, the preliminary stage of the case, and the legal standards that must be met for, among other things, class certification and success on the merits, we cannot estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of loss that may result from this action. Guarantees and Other We include indemnification provisions in the contracts we enter with customers and business partners. Generally, these provisions require us to defend claims arising out of our products infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, breach of contractual obligations and/or unlawful or otherwise culpable conduct. The indemnity obligations generally cover damages, costs and attorneys fees arising out of such claims. In most, but not all cases, our total liability under such provisions is limited to either the value of the contract or a specified, agreed-upon amount. In some cases, our total liability under such provisions is unlimited. In many, but not all cases, the term of the indemnity provision is perpetual. While the maximum potential amount of future payments we could be required to make under all the indemnification provisions is unlimited, we believe the estimated fair value of these provisions is minimal due to the low frequency with which these provisions have been triggered. We indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, which provides among other things, indemnification to directors and officers for expenses, judgments, fines, penalties and settlement amounts incurred by such persons in their capacity as a director or officer of the Company, regardless of whether the individual is serving in any such capacity at the time the liability or expense is incurred. Additionally, in connection with certain acquisitions, we agreed to indemnify the former officers and members of the boards of directors of those companies, on similar terms as described above, for a period of from the acquisition date. In certain cases, we purchase director and officer insurance policies related to these obligations, which fully cover the six-year period. To the extent that we do not purchase a director and officer insurance policy for the full period of any contractual indemnification, and such directors and officers do not have coverage under separate insurance policies, we would be required to pay for costs incurred, if any, as described above. As of September 30, 2023 , we have a million letter of credit that is used as a security deposit in connection with our leased Bellevue, Washington office space. In the event of default on the underlying lease, the landlord would be eligible to draw against the letter of credit. The letter of credit is subject to aggregate reductions, provided that we are not in default under the underlying lease. We also have letters of credit in connection with security deposits for other facility leases totaling million in the aggregate. These letters of credit have various terms and expire during fiscal year 2024 and beyond, while some of the letters of credit may automatically renew based on the terms of the underlying agreements. 

 of employee contributions up to of eligible salary. We incurred charges for contributions to these 401(k) defined contribution plans of million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Defined Benefit Pension Plans We sponsor certain defined benefit pension plans that are offered primarily by our foreign subsidiaries. Many of these plans are required by local regulatory requirements. We may deposit funds for these plans with insurance companies, third party trustees or into government-managed accounts consistent with local regulatory requirements, as applicable. The total defined benefit plan pension expenses incurred for these plans were million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our aggregate projected benefit obligation and aggregate net liability for defined benefit plans as of September 30, 2023 was million and million, as of September 30, 2022 was million and million , and as of September 30, 2021 was million and million, respectively. For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, charges for contributions to defined benefit pensio n plans were not material to the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

 Intellectual Property Agreement: We entered into an Intellectual Property Agreement with Nuance, pursuant to which we granted to Nuance, and Nuance granted to us, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free licenses to certain patents and technology, as well as certain other intellectual property that have historically been shared between us and Nuance. 

 Transitional Trademark License Agreement: We entered into a Transitional Trademark License Agreement with Nuance, pursuant to which Nuance granted us a non-exclusive, royalty free license to continue using certain of Nuance s trademarks, trade names and service marks with respect to the Nuance and Dragon brands in connection with the sale, marketing and other commercialization of our products and services. 

 OEM and Distribution License Agreements: We entered into OEM and Distribution License Agreements with Nuance. Under three of the four agreements, Cerence licenses to Nuance designated Cerence technologies for Nuance s internal use and for distribution to Nuance end-users and resellers. Under the final agreement, Nuance licenses to Cerence designated Nuance technologies for Cerence s internal use and for distribution to Cerence end-users and resellers. All agreements contain customary commercial terms for arrangements of this nature. 

94 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

(Loss) income before income taxes 

() 

() 

State 

Foreign 

Total current 

Deferred: 

Federal 

() 

State 

() 

Foreign 

() 

Total deferred 

() 

Provision for income taxes 

Effective income tax rate 

() 

() 

() 

State tax, net of federal benefit 

() 

Foreign tax rate and other foreign related tax items 

() 

Uncertain tax positions 

Stock-based compensation 

() 

Global intangible low-taxed income 

() 

Goodwill impairment 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

Executive compensation 

Non-deductible expenditures 

R D credits 

() 

() 

() 

Intangible property transfers 

() 

Provision for income taxes 

The effective income tax rate is based upon the income for the year, the composition of the income in different countries, and adjustments, if any, for the potential tax consequences, benefits or resolutions of audits or other tax contingencies. Our effective tax rate may be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries where we have higher statutory tax rates. Our effective tax rate for the fiscal year 2023 differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate of , primarily due to the tax impacts of stock-based compensation, U.S. inclusions of foreign taxable income, valuation allowance on foreign loss carryforwards, and our composition of jurisdictional earnings. The intangible property transfers deferred tax benefit was offset by a change in valuation allowance deferred tax expense. Our effective tax rate for the fiscal year 2022 differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate of , primarily due to the establishment of a valuation allowance in a foreign jurisdiction as discussed below, impairment of book goodwill, the tax impacts of stock-based compensation, and our composition of jurisdictional earnings. The effective tax rate for the fiscal year 2021 differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate of , primarily due to our composition of jurisdictional earnings, U.S. inclusions of foreign taxable income, and an income tax benefit of million related to an increase in the Netherlands tax rate enacted in the first quarter of fiscal year 2021. As of September 30, 2023, we have not provided taxes on undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, which may be subject to foreign withholding taxes upon repatriation, as we consider these earnings indefinitely reinvested. Our indefinite reinvestment determination is based on the future operational and capital requirements of our domestic and foreign operations. We expect our international cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities will continue to be used for our foreign operations and therefore do not anticipate repatriating these funds. As of September 30, 2023, it is not practical to calculate the unrecognized deferred tax liability on these earnings due to the complexities of the utilization of foreign tax credits and other tax assets. 

Capital loss carryforwards 

Federal credit carryforwards 

Accrued expenses and other reserves 

Deferred revenue 

Acquired intangibles 

Interest limitations carryforward 

Operating lease liabilities 

Depreciation 

Deferred compensation 

Pension obligation 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation 

() 

() 

Acquired intangibles 

() 

() 

Convertible debt 

() 

Operating lease right of use assets 

() 

() 

Deferred costs 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred income taxes arise from temporary difference between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expenses. We regularly assess the need for a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. In evaluating whether it is more likely than not that some or all of our deferred tax assets will not be realized, we consider all available positive and negative evidence. During the third quarter of fiscal year 2022, we established a valuation allowance of million against our deferred tax assets in a foreign jurisdiction, which consists of tax amortizable intellectual property and net operating loss carryforwards. We determined we had new negative evidence, based on updates to transfer pricing arrangements and changes to the earnings guidance for fiscal year 2022. We will continue to maintain a valuation allowance against these deferred tax assets until we believe it is more likely than not that they will be realized. If sufficient positive evidence arises in the future indicating that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets meet the more likely than not standard, the valuation allowance would be reversed accordingly in the period that such determination is made. The remaining deferred tax assets after valuation allowances are primarily domestic. Based on the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods for which these deferred tax assets are deductible, we believe that it is more likely than not that we will realize the benefits of the domestic deductible differences. As of September 30, 2023 , we have million and million in valuation allowance against our net domestic and foreign deferred tax assets, respectively. As of September 30, 2022 , we had million and million in valuation allowance against our net domestic and foreign deferred tax assets, respectively. As of September 30, 2023 , we have immaterial U.S. federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards, state NOL carryforwards of million, and foreign NOL carryforwards of million, before uncertain tax positions of million. As of September 30, 2022 , we have U.S. federal NOL carryforwards of million, state NOL carryforwards of million, and foreign NOL carryforwards of million, before uncertain tax position amounts of million. These carryforwards will expire at various dates beginning in and extending up to an unlimited period. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022 , unlimited federal NOLs are immaterial and million, respectively, and unlimited Netherlands NOLs are million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2023 , we have U.S. federal research and development carryforwards and foreign tax credit carryforwards of million, before uncertain tax positions of million, state research and development credits of million, and foreign research and development credits of million. As of September 30, 2022 , we have U.S. federal research and development carryforwards and foreign tax credit carryforwards of million, before uncertain tax positions of million, state research and development credits of million, and foreign research and development credits of million. These carryforwards will expire at various dates beginning in and extending up to . Uncertain Tax Positions ASC 740 prescribes the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the financial statements. We regularly assess the outcome of potential examinations in each of the taxing jurisdictions when determining the adequacy of the amount of unrecognized tax benefit recorded. We recognize tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit which is more likely than not to be realized upon ultimate settlement. We recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax positions in our provision for (benefit from) income taxes line of our Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

Beginning balance adjustment 

() 

Increases related to tax positions taken from prior periods 

Decreases related to tax positions taken from prior periods 

() 

Increases related to tax positions taken during current period 

Decreases for tax settlements and lapse in statutes 

() 

() 

Balance at the end of the year 

As of September 30, 2023 and 2022 , beginning balance adjustments include cumulative translation adjustments of million and million, respectively. Increases related to tax positions taken from prior periods include the effect of tax rate changes that as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, are immaterial and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2023 , million of the unrecognized tax benefits, if recognized, would impact our effective tax rate. We do not expect a significant change in the amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. We recognized interest related to uncertain tax positions in our provision for (benefit from) income taxes of million, million and million during fiscal years 2023, 2022 and 2021 respectively. We recorded interest of million and million as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We are subject to U.S. federal income tax, various state and local taxes and international income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. The 2016 through 2022 tax years remain open for all purposes of examination by the IRS and other taxing authorities in material jurisdictions. 

- 

() 

2025 Modified Notes 

() 

() 

2028 Notes 

- 

() 

Total debt 

() 

() 

Less: current portion of long-term debt 

Total long-term debt 

September 30, 2022 

Description 
 
 Maturity Date 
 
 Convertible Debt Coupon Rate 
 
 Effective Interest Rate 
 
 Principal 

Unamortized Discount 

Deferred Issuance Costs 

Carrying Value 

2025 Notes 

() 

() 

Senior Credit Facility 

N/A 

() 

() 

Total debt 

() 

() 

Less: current portion of long-term debt 

() 

Total long-term debt 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total before unamortized discount and issuance costs and current portion 

Less: unamortized discount and issuance costs 

() 

() 

() 

Total long-term debt 

1.50 Senior Convertible Notes due 2028 On June 26, 2023, we issued million in aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the 2028 Notes ), which are governed by an indenture (the 2028 Indenture ), between us and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (the Trustee ), in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. On July 3, 2023, we issued an additional million in aggregate principal amount of 2028 Notes. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2028 Notes were million after deducting transaction costs. The 2028 Notes are senior, unsecured obligations and accrue interest payable semiannually in arrears on January 1 and July 1 of each year at a rate of per year. The 2028 Notes will mature on , unless earlier converted, redeemed, or repurchased. The 2028 Notes are convertible into cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election. A holder of 2028 Notes may convert all or any portion of its 2028 Notes at its option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding April 3, 2028 only under the following circumstances: (1) during any fiscal quarter commencing after the fiscal quarter ending on September 30, 2023 (and only during such fiscal quarter), if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business day period after any ten consecutive trading day period (the measurement period in which the trading price (as defined in the 2028 Indenture) per principal amount of 2028 Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of our common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (3) if we call such 2028 Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the redemption date; or (4) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after April 3, 2028 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, a holder may convert all or any portion of its 2028 Notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. The conversion rate is shares of our common stock per principal amount of 2028 Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of our common stock). The conversion rate is subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date or if we deliver a notice of redemption, we will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its 2028 Notes in connection with such a corporate event or convert its 2028 Notes called for redemption in connection with such notice of redemption, as the case may be. We may not redeem the 2028 Notes prior to July 6, 2026. We may redeem for cash all or any portion of the 2028 Notes (subject to certain limitations), at our option, on a redemption date occurring on or after July 6, 2026 and on or before the 31st scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, if the last reported sale price of our common stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive), including the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption, during any consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. sinking fund is provided for the 2028 Notes. If we undergo a fundamental change , subject to certain conditions, holders may require us to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their 2028 Notes at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the 2028 Notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The 2028 Indenture contains customary terms and covenants, including that upon certain events of default occurring and continuing, either the Trustee or the holders of not less than in aggregate principal amount of the 2028 Notes then outstanding may declare the entire principal amount of all the 2028 Notes plus accrued special interest, if any, to be immediately due and payable. In connection with the offering of the 2028 Notes, we repurchased million in aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes in a privately negotiated transaction. We specifically negotiated the repurchase of the 2025 Notes with investors who concurrently purchased the 2028 Notes. We evaluated the transaction to determine whether the exchange should be accounted for as a modification or extinguishment under the provisions of ASC 470-50, which allows for an exchange of debt instruments between the same debtor and creditor to be accounted for as a modification so long as the instruments do not have substantially different terms. Because the concurrent redemption of the 2025 Notes and a portion of issuance of the 2028 Notes were executed with the same investors, we evaluated the transaction as a debt modification, on a creditor by creditor basis. The repurchase of the 2025 Notes and issuance of the 2028 Notes were deemed to not have substantially different terms on the basis that (1) the present value of the cash flows under the terms of the new debt instrument were less than different from the present value of the remaining cash flows under the terms of the original instrument and (2) the fair value of the conversion feature did not change by more than of the carrying value of the 2025 Notes, and therefore, the repurchase of the 2025 Notes was accounted for as a debt modification. As a result, million of the 2028 Notes are considered a modification of the 2025 Notes and are included in the balances of the 2025 Notes along with the remaining million of the 2025 Notes (together the 2025 Modified Notes that were not repurchased as part of the transaction. We recorded million of fees paid directly to the lenders as deferred debt issuance costs, and million of fees paid to third-parties were expensed in the period. As of September 30, 2023, the carrying amount of the 2025 Modified Notes was million, net of unamortized costs of million. If a convertible debt instrument is modified or exchanged in a transaction that is not accounted for as an extinguishment, an increase in the fair value of the embedded conversion option shall reduce the carrying amount of the debt instrument with a corresponding increase in Additional paid-in capital. We recognized the increase in the fair value of the embedded conversion feature of million as Additional paid-in capital and an equivalent discount that reduced the carrying value of the 2025 Modified Notes. We accounted for million of the 2028 Notes, that were not negotiated with the investors of the 2025 Notes, as a single liability. We incurred transaction costs of million relating to the issuance of the 2028 Notes, which were recorded as a direct deduction from the face amount of the 2028 Notes and are being amortized as interest expense over the term of the 2028 Notes using the interest method. As of September 30, 2023, the carrying amount of the 2028 Notes was million and unamortized issuance costs of million. As of September 30, 2023, the if-converted value of the 2028 Notes was million less than its principal amount. 3.00 Senior Convertible Notes due 2025 On June 2, 2020, we issued million in aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (the 2025 Notes ), including the initial purchasers exercise in full of their option to purchase million principal amount of the 2025 Notes, which are governed by an indenture (the 2025 Indenture ), between us and the Trustee, in a private offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The net proceeds from the issuance of the 2025 Notes were million after deducting transaction costs. The 2025 Notes are senior, unsecured obligations and accrue interest payable semiannually in arrears on June 1 and December 1 of each year, at a rate of per year. The 2025 Notes will mature on , unless earlier converted, redeemed, or repurchased. The 2025 Notes are convertible into cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022 , the if-converted value of the 2025 Modified Notes was million a nd million, respectively, less than its principal amount. A holder of 2025 Notes may convert all or any portion of its 2025 Notes at its option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding March 1, 2025 only under the following circumstances: (1) during any fiscal quarter commencing after the fiscal quarter ending on September 30, 2020 (and only during such fiscal quarter), if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; (2) during the five business day period after any ten consecutive trading day period (the measurement period in which the trading price (as defined in the 2025 Indenture) per principal amount of 2025 Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of our common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; (3) if we call such 2025 Notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the redemption date; or (4) upon the occurrence of specified corporate events. On or after March 1, 2025 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, a holder may convert all or any portion of its 2025 Notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. The conversion rate is shares of our common stock per principal amount of 2025 Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of our common stock). The conversion rate is subject to adjustment in some events but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date or if we deliver a notice of redemption, we will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its 2025 Notes in connection with such a corporate event or convert its 2025 Notes called for redemption in connection with such notice of redemption, as the case may be. We may not redeem the 2025 Notes prior to June 5, 2023. We may redeem for cash all or any portion of the 2025 Notes, at our option, on a redemption date occurring on or after June 5, 2023 and on or before the 31st scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date, if the last reported sale price of our common stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive), including the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption, during any consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. sinking fund is provided for the 2025 Notes. If we undergo a fundamental change , subject to certain conditions, holders may require us to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their 2025 Notes at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the 2025 Notes to be repurchased, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. The indenture governing the 2025 Notes contains customary terms and covenants, including that upon certain events of default occurring and continuing, either the Trustee or the holders of not less than in aggregate principal amount of the 2025 Notes then outstanding may declare the entire principal amount of all the 2025 Notes plus accrued special interest, if any, to be immediately due and payable. On October 1, 2022, we adopted ASU 2020-06 based on a modified retrospective transition method. No prior-period information has been retrospectively adjusted. Since the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the 2025 Notes are no longer bifurcated into a separate liability and equity component. The 2025 Notes are accounted for as a single liability. The issuance costs related to the 2025 Notes are being amortized to interest expense over the contractual term. Refer to Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for the impact of our adoption. As of September 30, 2022, the carrying amount of the equity component, net of taxes and transaction costs was million. See 1.50 Senior Convertible Notes due 2028 section above for discussion on modification of the 2025 Notes as part of the offering of the 2028 Notes. 

Amortization of debt discount 

Amortization of issuance costs 

Total interest expense related to the Notes 

The conditional conversion feature of the Notes was not triggered during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2023, the Notes were not convertible. As of this Annual Report, no Notes have been converted by the holders. Whether any of the Notes will be converted in future quarters will depend on the satisfaction of one or more of the conversion conditions in the future. If one or more holders elect to convert their Notes at a time when any such Notes are convertible, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional shares), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. Senior Credit Facilities On June 12, 2020 (the Financing Closing Date ), we entered into a Credit Agreement, by and among the Borrower, the lenders and issuing banks party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (the Credit Agreement ), consisting of a senior secured term loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of million (the Term Loan Facility ). The net proceeds from the issuance of the Term Loan Facility were million. We also entered into a senior secured first-lien revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of million (the Revolving Facility and, together with the Term Loan Facility, the Senior Credit Facilities ), which may be drawn on in the event that our working capital and other cash needs are not supported by our operating cash flow. Our obligations under the Credit Agreement are jointly and severally guaranteed by certain of our existing and future direct and indirect wholly owned domestic subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions customary for financings of this type. All obligations are secured by substantially all of our tangible and intangible personal property and material real property, including a perfected first-priority pledge of all (or, in the case of foreign subsidiaries or subsidiaries FSHCO that own no material assets other than equity interests in foreign subsidiaries that are controlled foreign corporations or other FSHCOs, of the equity securities of our subsidiaries held by any loan party, subject to certain customary exceptions and limitations. On December 17, 2020 (the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date ), we entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement (the Amendment No. 1 ). Amendment No. 1 extended the scheduled maturity date of the revolving credit and term facilities from June 12, 2024 to April 1, 2025. to 1.00, the applicable margin is LIBOR plus or ABR plus ; (ii) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to to 1.00 but greater than to 1.00, the applicable margin is LIBOR plus or ABR plus ; (iii) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to to 1.00 but greater than to 1.00, the applicable margin is LIBOR plus or ABR plus ; (iv) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to to 1.00 but greater than to 1.00, the applicable margin is LIBOR plus or ; and (v) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to to 1.00, the applicable margin is LIBOR plus or ABR plus . As a result of Amendment No 1, the applicable LIBOR floor was reduced from to . 
 to 1.00, the unused line fee is ; (ii) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to to 1.00 but greater than to 1.00, the unused line fee is ; (iii) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to to 1.00 but greater than to 1.00, the unused line fee is ; (iv) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to to 1.00 but greater than to 1.00, the unused line fee is ; and (v) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to to 1.00, the unused line fee is . Through the fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2022, we are obligated to make quarterly principal payments in an aggregate amount equal to of the original principal amount of the Term Loan Facility. From the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2023 and for each fiscal quarter thereafter, we are obligated to make quarterly principal payments in an aggregate amount equal to of the original principal amount of the Term Loan Facility, with the balance payable at the maturity date thereof. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are prepayable at our option without premium or penalty. We may request, and each lender may agree in its sole discretion, to extend the maturity date of all or a portion of the Senior Credit Facilities subject to certain conditions customary for financings of this type. The Credit Agreement also contains certain mandatory prepayment provisions in the event that we incur certain types of indebtedness or receive net cash proceeds from certain non-ordinary course asset sales or other dispositions of property, in each case subject to terms and conditions customary for financings of this type. to 1.00; (2) a net total leverage ratio of not greater than to 1.00; and (3) minimum liquidity of at least million. The Credit Agreement also contains events of default customary for financings of this type, including certain customary change of control events. On November 22, 2022 (the Amendment No. 2 Effective Date ), we entered into Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement Amendment No. 2 ). Amendment No. 2 modified certain financial covenants between the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2023 to the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2023 (the covenant adjustment period ). During the covenant adjustment period, each tested quarterly, we are required to maintain (1) a net secured leveraged ratio of not greater than to 1.00; (2) minimum liquidity of at least million; and (3) aggregate capital expenditures less than million. The net total leverage ratio will be waived during the covenant adjustment period. At the conclusion of the covenant adjustment period, the original financial covenants will resume. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, we were in compliance with all Credit Agreement covenants. Amendment No. 2 was accounted for a debt modification, and therefore, million of the refinancing fees paid directly to the lender were recorded as deferred debt issuance costs, and million of the refinance fees paid to third parties were expensed in the period. to 1.00, the applicable margin is SOFR plus basis point credit spread adjustment plus or ABR plus ; (ii) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to to 1.00 but greater than to 1.00, the applicable margin is SOFR plus basis point credit spread adjustment plus or ABR plus ; (iii) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to to 1.00 but greater than to 1.00, the applicable margin is SOFR plus basis point credit spread adjustment plus or ABR plus ; (iv) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to to 1.00 but greater than to 1.00, the applicable margin is SOFR plus basis point credit spread adjustment plus or ABR plus ; and (v) if the net total leverage ratio is less than or equal to to 1.00, the applicable margin is SOFR plus basis point credit spread adjustment plus or ABR plus . During the covenant adjustment period, and until the delivery of a compliance certificate for the first full fiscal quarter after the covenant adjustment period, the applicable margin will be SOFR plus basis point credit spread adjustment plus or ABR plus . million under our Revolving Facility and paid million towards our Term Loan Facility. As a result, we recorded million extinguishment of debt and million loss on the extinguishment of debt. All principal and int erest on the Term Loan Facility have been paid in full. On July 3, 2023, we repaid the outstanding balance on our Revolving Facility. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022 , there were amounts outstanding under the Revolving Facility. Total interest expense relating to the Senior Credit Facilities for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 was million, million, million, respectively, reflecting the coupon and accretion of the discount. 

102 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 Not Applicable. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act required by Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(b) or 15d-15(b), our principal executive officer (our Chief Executive Officer) and principal financial officer (our Chief Financial Officer) have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by Cerence in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in such reports is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management report on internal control over financial reporting. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and include those policies and procedures that: 
 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposals of the assets of the Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements and all fraud. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions and that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management, under the supervision of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, utilizing the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on the results of this assessment, management (including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer) has concluded that, as of September 30, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 The attestation report concerning the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023 issued by BDO USA, P.C., an independent registered public accounting firm, appears in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting. There were no material changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 of the Company s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). We anticipate that, as permitted by Rule 10b5-1 and our policy governing transactions in our securities, some or all of our officers, directors and employees may establish trading plans in the future. We intend to disclose the names of executive officers and directors who establish a trading plan in compliance with Rule 10b5-1 and Regulation S-K, Item 408(a) and the requirements of our policy governing transactions in our securities in our future quarterly and annual reports on Form 10-Q and 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. However, we undertake no obligation to update or revise the information provided herein, including for revision or termination of an established trading plan, other than in such quarterly and annual reports. 

 Item 9C. Dis closure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 104 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 Our Board of Directors adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for all of our directors, officers and employees on October 2, 2019. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics can be found at our website: www.cerence.com . We will provide to any person without charge, upon request, a copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Such a request should be made in writing and addressed to Investor Relations, Cerence Inc., 1 Burlington Woods Drive, Suite 301A, Burlington, MA 01803. 
 
 To date, there have been no waivers under our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. We will post any waivers, if and when granted, of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics on our website at www.cerence.com . 
 
 The additional information required by this Item for the Company will be set forth in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 Item 11. Executiv e Compensation. 
 The information required by this Item for the Company will be set forth in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Own ers and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 The information required by this Item for the Company will be set forth in Company s Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 The information required by this Item for the Company will be set forth in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 Item 14. Principal Accoun ting Fees and Services. 
 The information required by this Item for the Company will be set forth in Company s Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 105 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financ ial Statement Schedules. 
 (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Report: 

(1) All Financial Statements See Index to Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Report; 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules All schedules have been omitted as the requested information is inapplicable or the information is presented in the financial statements or related notes included as part of this Report. 

(3) Exhibits See Item 15(b) of this Report below. 

(b) Exhibits. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 106 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Index # 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 Form 
 
 File No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 

2.1 
 
 Separation and Distribution Agreement between Nuance Communications, Inc. and Cerence Inc . 

8-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 2.1 
 
 October 2, 2019 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Cerence Inc. 

8-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 3.1 
 
 October 2, 2019 

3.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated By-laws of Cerence Inc. 

8-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 3.1 
 
 May 4, 2023 

4.1 
 
 Indenture, dated as of June 2, 2020, between Cerence Inc. and U.S. Bank, National Association, as Trustee. 

8-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 4.1 
 
 June 2, 2020 

4.2 
 
 Form of Global Note, representing Cerence Inc. s 3.00 Convertible Senior Notes due 2025 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1). 

8-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 4.1 
 
 June 2, 2020 

4.3 
 
 Description of Registrant's Securities 
 
 X 

4.4 
 
 Indenture, dated as of June 26, 2023, by and between Cerence Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee. 

8-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 4.1 
 
 June 26, 2023 

4.5 
 
 Form of Global Note, representing Cerence Inc. s 1.50 Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (included as Exhibit A to the Indenture filed as Exhibit 4.1). 

8-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 4.2 
 
 June 26. 2023 

10.1 
 
 Tax Matters Agreement between Nuance Communications, Inc. and Cerence Inc. 

8-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.1 
 
 October 2, 2019 

10.2 
 
 Transition Services Agreement between Nuance Communications, Inc. and Cerence Operating Company 

8-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.2 
 
 October 2, 2019 

10.3 
 
 Employee Matters Agreement between Nuance Communications, Inc. and Cerence Inc. 

8-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.3 
 
 October 2, 2019 

10.4 
 
 Intellectual Property Agreement between Nuance Communications, Inc. and Cerence Inc. 

8-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.4 
 
 October 2, 2019 

10.5 
 
 Transitional Trademark License Agreement between Nuance Communications, Inc. and Cerence Inc. 

8-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.5 
 
 October 2, 2019 

10.6 
 
 Cerence 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 

S-8 
 
 333-234040 
 
 4.3 
 
 October 2, 2019 

10.7 
 
 Cerence 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

S-8 
 
 333-234040 
 
 4.6 
 
 October 2, 2019 

10.8 
 
 Form of Change of Control and Severance Agreement - NEO 

10-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.14 
 
 December 19, 2020 

10.9 
 
 Indemnification Agreement 

10-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.15 
 
 December 19, 2020 

10.10 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 

10-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.13 
 
 November 19, 2020 

10.11 
 
 Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 

10-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.14 
 
 November 19, 2020 

10.12 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated June 12, 2020, by and between Cerence Inc., the lenders and issuing banks party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 

8-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.1 
 
 June 17, 2020 

10.13 
 
 Subsidiary Guarantee Agreement, dated June 12, 2020, by and between certain domestic subsidiaries of Cerence, as subsidiary guarantors, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 

8-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.2 
 
 June 17, 2020 

10.14 
 
 Collateral Agreement, dated June 12, 2020, by and between Cerence Inc. and certain subsidiaries of Cerence, as pledgors, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as collateral agent. 

8-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.3 
 
 June 17, 2020 

10.15 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Cerence 2019 Equity Incentive Plan 

10-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.18 
 
 November 19, 2020 

107 

10.16 
 
 Amendment No. 1, dated as of December 17, 2020, by and among Cerence Inc., the lenders and issuing banks party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 

8-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.1 
 
 December 21, 2020 

10.17 
 
 CEO Change of Control and Severance Agreement 

10-Q 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.2 
 
 February 8, 2021 

10.18 
 
 Offer Letter, dated December 14, 2021, by and between Cerence Inc. and Stefan Ortmanns 

8-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.1 
 
 December 15, 2021 

10.19 
 
 Offer Letter, dated May 4, 2022, by and between Cerence Inc. and Thomas Beaudoin 

10-Q 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.1 
 
 August 9, 2022 

10.20 
 
 Change of Control and Severance Agreement, effective as of May 5, 2022, by and between Cerence Inc. and Thomas Beaudoin 

10-Q 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.2 
 
 August 9, 2022 

10.21 
 
 Change of Control Equity Acceleration Agreement, effective as of June 19, 2022, by and between Cerence Inc. and Stefan Ortmanns 

8-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.1 
 
 June 24, 2022 

10.22 
 
 Change of Control and Severance Agreement, effective as of June 21, 2022, by and between Cerence GmbH and Stefan Ortmanns 

8-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.2 
 
 June 24, 2022 

10.23 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 12, 2020, by and among Cerence Inc., the lenders and issuing banks party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 

10-K 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.31 
 
 November 29, 2022 

10.24 
 
 Offer Letter, dated April 21, 2023, by and between Cerence Inc. and Iqbal Arshad 
 
 X 

10.25 
 
 Change of Control and Severance Agreement, effective as of April 28,2023, by and between Cerence Inc. and Iqbal Arshad 
 
 X 

10.26 
 
 Transitional Service and Advisory Agreement by and between Cerence Inc. and Prateek Kathpal 

10-Q 
 
 001-39030 
 
 10.1 
 
 May 9, 2023 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 X 

23.1 
 
 Consent of BDO USA, P.C., Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 X 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (including in signature pages hereto) 
 
 X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 X 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 X 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 X 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 X 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 X 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 X 

108 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 X 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101. 
 
 X 

Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 Furnished herewith. 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 109 

SIGNA TURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 

CERENCE INC. 

Date: November 29, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Stefan Ortmanns 

Stefan Ortmanns 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each individual whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of Stefan Ortmanns and Thomas L. Beaudoin, acting singly, his true and lawful agent, proxy and attorneys-in-fact, each with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same with all exhibits thereto, and all documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, and hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them, or their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney may be executed in counterparts. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Stefan Ortmanns 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 November 29, 2023 

Stefan Ortmanns 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Thomas L. Beaudoin 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 November 29, 2023 

Thomas L. Beaudoin 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Arun Sarin 
 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 November 29, 2023 

Arun Sarin 

/s/ Marianne Budnik 
 
 Director 
 
 November 29, 2023 

Marianne Budnik 

/s/ Sanjay Jha 
 
 Director 
 
 November 29, 2023 

Sanjay Jha 

/s/ Kristi Ann Matus 
 
 Director 
 
 November 29, 2023 

Kristi Ann Matus 

/s/ Alfred Nietzel 
 
 Director 
 
 November 29, 2023 

Alfred Nietzel 

/s/ Marcy Klevorn 
 
 Director 
 
 November 29, 2023 

Marcy Klevorn 

/s/ Doug Davis 
 
 Director 
 
 November 29, 2023 

Doug Davis 

110 

<EX-4.3>
 2
 crnc-ex4_3.htm
 EX-4.3

EX-4.3 

Exhibit 4.3 
 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 The summary of the general terms and provisions of the registered securities of Cerence Inc. Cerence, we, or our set forth below does not purport to be complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (our certificate of incorporation and our Second Amended and Restated By-laws (our by-laws and, together with our certificate of incorporation, our Charter Documents ), each of which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We encourage you to read our Charter Documents and the applicable provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the DGCL for additional information. 
 General 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 560,000,000 shares of common stock, 0.01 par value per share, and 40,000,000 shares of preferred stock, 0.01 par value per share. 
 Common Stock 
 Only our common stock is registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Dividends 
 Holders of shares of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors (the Board at its discretion out of funds legally available for that purpose, subject to the preferential rights of any preferred stock that may be outstanding. The timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends depends on our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements and debt service obligations, as well as legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice and other factors that our Board deems relevant. Additionally, the terms of the Credit Agreement we entered into on June 12, 2020 (as the same may be amended from time to time), between us, the lenders and issuing banks party thereto and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. as administrative agent, limit our ability to pay cash dividends. Our Board makes all decisions regarding our payment of dividends from time to time in accordance with applicable law. 
 Voting Rights 
 The holders of our common stock are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders. 
 Other Rights 
 Subject to the preferential liquidation rights of any preferred stock that may be outstanding upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the holders of our common stock are entitled to share ratably in our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Fully Paid 
 The issued and outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. Any additional shares of common stock that we may issue in the future will also be fully paid and non-assessable. 

The holders of our common stock do not have preemptive rights or preferential rights to subscribe for shares of our capital stock. 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board to designate and issue from time to time one or more series of preferred stock without stockholder approval. Our Board may fix and determine the preferences, limitations and relative rights of each series of preferred stock. There are no present plans to issue any shares of preferred stock. 
 No shares of preferred stock are outstanding as of the date of our Annual Report on Form 10-K with which this Exhibit 4.3 is filed as an exhibit. 
 Declassified Board 
 As of our annual meeting of stockholders on February 9, 2023, our Board is no longer divided into three classes and is now declassified. 
 Removal 
 As a result of our Board s declassification, our stockholders may now remove directors with or without cause. Removal requires the affirmative vote of holders of shares representing a majority of the voting power of the then-outstanding shares of all classes and series of our capital stock entitled generally to vote on the election of our directors. 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law and Provisions of our Charter Documents 
 Certain provisions of the DGCL and our Charter Documents contain provisions that could be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider to be in its best interests, including attempts that might result in a premium being paid over the market price for the shares held by stockholders. These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in the composition of our Board and in the policies formulated by our Board and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve an actual or threatened change of control. 
 Charter Document Provisions 
 Our Charter Documents include a number of provisions that could deter hostile takeovers or delay or prevent changes in control of our Board or management team, including the following: 

Blank Check Preferred Stock . Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board to designate and issue, without any further vote or action by the stockholders, up to 40,000,000 shares of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series and, with respect to each such series, to fix the number of shares constituting the series and the designation of the series, the voting powers (if any) of the shares of the series, and the preferences and relative, participating, optional and other rights, if any, and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions, of the shares of such series. The ability to issue such preferred stock could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control. 

No Stockholder Action by Written Consent . Our certificate of incorporation expressly excludes the right of our stockholders to act by written consent. Stockholder action must take place at an annual meeting or at a special meeting of our stockholders. 

Special Stockholder Meetings . Our Charter Documents provide that a special meeting of our stockholders may only be called by our Board, the Chairperson of our Board or our Chief Executive Officer, or at the request of holders of not less than 20 of the outstanding shares of the common stock of Cerence. 

Requirements for Advance Notification of Stockholder Nominations and Proposals . Under our by-laws, stockholders of record are able to nominate persons for election to our Board or bring other business constituting a proper matter for stockholder action only by providing proper notice to our secretary. In the case of annual meetings, proper written notice must be given, generally between 90 and 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the prior year s annual meeting as first specified in the notice of meeting (without regard to any postponements or adjournments of such meeting after such notice was first sent). In the case of special meetings, proper notice must be given no earlier than the 90th day prior to the relevant meeting and no later than the later of the 60th day prior to such meeting or the 10th day following the public announcement of the meeting. Such notice must include, among other information, certain information with respect to each stockholder nominating persons for election to the Board (including the name and address; the number of shares directly or indirectly held by such stockholder, including any shares of any class or series of stock as to which such stockholder has a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time in the future; a description of any agreement with respect to the business to be brought before the annual meeting; a description of any derivative instruments based on or linked to the value of or return on our securities as of the date of the notice; a description of any proxy, contract or other relationship pursuant to which such stockholder has a right to vote any shares of our stock and any profit-sharing or performance-related fees that such stockholder is entitled to, based on any increase or decrease in the value of our securities, as of the date of such notice; if the stockholder is not a natural person, the identity of the natural person or persons associated with such stockholder responsible for (i) the formulation of and decision to propose the business to be brought before the meeting and (ii) making voting and investment decisions on behalf of the stockholder, the manner in which such person was selected, any fiduciary duties owed by such person to the equity holders or other beneficiaries of such stockholder, and the qualifications and background of such person; if such stockholder is a natural person, the qualifications and background of such natural person; any equity interests or any derivative security in any of our principal competitors beneficially owned by such stockholder; any direct or indirect interest of such stockholder in any contract with the us, any of our affiliates or any of our competitors; any pending or threatened litigation in which such stockholder is a party or material participant involving us, any of our officers, directors or affiliates; and any material transaction occurring during the prior twelve months between such stockholder, on the one hand, and us, any of our affiliates, or any of our competitors, on the other hand). Such notice must also include a representation that such stockholder is a holder of record of our common stock as of the date of the notice, each stockholder nominee s written consent to being named as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected, a completed and duly executed questionnaire with respect to the background, qualifications and independence of such stockholder nominee, a completed and duly executed questionnaire with respect to the background and qualification of such nominating stockholder and any other person or entity on whose behalf the nomination is being made, a description of all arrangements or understandings between or among the nominating stockholder and the stockholder nominee and any other person pursuant to which the nominations are to be made or concerning the nominee s service on the Board, a description of any position of the stockholder nominee as an officer or director of a competitor as defined in Section 8 of the Clayton Antitrust Act of 1914 within the three years preceding the submission of the notice, a representation that such person has not and will not give any commitment as to how such person will act or vote if elected as a director or becomes a party to any agreement with respect to any compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service as a director, and that 

such person will comply with all policies applicable to directors, a description of all compensation and other monetary agreements during the past three years and a representation as to whether such stockholder intends to solicit proxies. 

Cumulative Voting . The DGCL provides that stockholders are denied the right to cumulate votes in the election of directors unless the company s certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Our certificate of incorporation does not provide for cumulative voting. 

Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws . The DGCL provides that the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of a company s voting stock then outstanding is required to amend the company s certificate of incorporation unless the company s certificate of incorporation provides a higher threshold, and our certificate of incorporation does not provide for a higher threshold. Our certificate of incorporation provides that our by-laws may be amended by a majority of our Board or by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of our voting stock entitled to vote in the election of directors. 

Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute 
 We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging, under certain circumstances, in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date the person became an interested stockholder unless: 

prior to the date of the transaction, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 

upon completion of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, but not for determining the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder, (1) shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers and (2) shares owned by employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

at or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the business combination is approved by the board of directors of the corporation and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns or, within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status, did own 15 or more of a corporation s outstanding voting stock. We expect the existence of this provision to have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions our Board does not approve in advance. We also anticipate that Section 203 of the DGCL may discourage business combinations or other attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of common stock held by our stockholders. 

The provisions of Delaware law and our Charter Documents could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers and, as a consequence, may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our common stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 
 Exclusive Forum 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides, in all cases to the fullest extent permitted by law, that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery located within the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of Cerence, any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee or stockholder of Cerence to Cerence or Cerence s stockholders, any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to the DGCL or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery located in the State of Delaware, any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine or any other action asserting an internal corporate claim as that term is defined in Section 115 of the DGCL. However, if the Court of Chancery within the State of Delaware does not have jurisdiction, the action may be brought in any other state or federal court located within the State of Delaware. Further, our by-laws provide that unless Cerence consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act, or the respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. There is, however, uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision in connection with suits to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, if brought derivatively on behalf of Cerence, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC. 
 
 Listing 
 Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, under the ticker symbol CRNC. 

</EX-4.3>

<EX-10.24>
 3
 crnc-ex10_24.htm
 EX-10.24

EX-10.24 

Exhibit 10.24 
 
 Cerence Inc. 
 1 Burlington Woods 
 3rd floor, Suite # 301A 
 Burlington, MA 01803 
 USA 
 cerence.com 

April 21, 2023 
 
 Iqbal Arshad 
 Chicago, IL USA 
 
 Dear Iqbal, 
 
 Congratulations! It is with great pleasure that I confirm Cerence Operating Company s Cerence or the Company offer of employment for the position of Executive Vice President Chief Technology Officer. In this position, you will report to Stefan Ortmanns, the Company s Chief Executive Officer. Your work location will be your home office in Chicago, IL. 
 
 Subject to the terms and conditions stated in the letter below, Cerence is pleased to offer you a compensation and benefits package with the following elements: 
 
 Base Salary and Employment Status 
 
 Your starting annual base salary for this exempt level position will be at the rate of 19,230.77, paid on a bi-weekly basis, which annualizes to 500,000. 
 
 Bonus Program 
 
 In addition to your base salary, you will be eligible to participate in the Cerence Short Term Incentive Plan STIP ), with a target STIP award of 75 of your base salary. The STIP coincides with Cerence s fiscal year, which is October 1 st through September 30 th . Payments will be made in the form of restricted stock units and/or cash and your actual STIP award for fiscal year 2023 will not be pro-rated according to your start date. Eligibility to participate and any payment under the STIP will be at the Company s discretion, and the Company has the right to vary, suspend, revoke, or replace the STIP at any time. 
 
 Long Term Incentive Plan LTIP 

The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Cerence has approved the following awards, effective as of, and contingent upon, your commencement of employment with Cerence: 
 
 A number of restricted stock units under the Cerence 2019 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan having an aggregate target value of 3,000,000. The number of restricted stock units will be calculated based on the average closing price of Cerence common stock over the trailing 20 trading days ending on the date of grant. The restricted stock units will be 50 in the form of time-based restricted stock units RSUs and 50 in the form of performance-based restricted stock units PSUs ), as follows in (a) and (b) below: 
 
 A. RSUs: The RSUs will be subject to the terms and conditions for time-based restricted stock units under the Plan, all as reflected in the applicable RSU agreement. The RSUs will vest as follows: one-third of the RSUs on each of October 1, 2023, October 1, 2024, and October 1, 2025, subject to your continued service with Cerence through each vesting date. 

B. PSUs: The PSUs will be subject to the terms and conditions for performance-based restricted stock units under the Plan, all as reflected in the applicable PSU agreement. The PSUs will be earned based on Company performance upon the completion of fiscal years 2023, 2024 and 2025, subject to your continued service with Cerence though each vesting date. With 2/3 vesting in November 2024 and 1/3 vesting in November 2025. 

You will also receive a one-time new hire RSU award with a value of 2,000,000 that will vest 50 November 15, 2023, and 50 November 15, 2024, subject to your continued service with Cerence though such date. 
 
 You will also be eligible for an annual LTIP award in November 2023 at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Please note that any equity awards granted to you are subject to the terms of the Plan (or any successor plan) and the applicable grant agreement. 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Cerence offers affordable health care, income protection, and benefits that provide peace of mind now and in the future. If you are regularly scheduled to work thirty (30) hours or more per week, you are eligible for benefits on day one. The benefit programs you are eligible for as a Cerence employee will be provided during the New Hire On-boarding process. 
 
 Paid Time-Off 
 
 Cerence provides 13 days off for holidays throughout the calendar year. Additionally, you will be entitled to four (4) weeks paid time off, which is accrued on a bi-weekly basis commencing on your first day of employment. 
 
 Background Check 
 
 2 

Your employment is contingent upon satisfactory completion of a background check, which includes, at a minimum, a review of criminal records, and verification of your education. You will be contacted via email by Cerence s vendor during the onboarding process to complete the process. 
 
 Change of Control and Severance Agreement 
 
 The Compensation Committee has approved the terms of the enclosed Change in Control and Severance Agreement (the Severance Agreement ), which shall become effective upon the Effective Date, as defined in the Severance Agreement. 
 
 Taxes 
 
 All forms of compensation are subject to reduction to reflect applicable withholding and payroll taxes and other deductions required by law. You are encouraged to obtain your own tax advice regarding your compensation from the Company. You agree that the Company does not have a duty to design its compensation policies in a manner that minimizes your tax liabilities. 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Your employment with Cerence will be at will , meaning that either you or Cerence will be entitled to terminate your employment at any time and for any reason, with or without cause, subject to the terms of the Severance Agreement, if applicable. Any contrary representations which may have been made to you are superseded by this offer. This Offer Letter Offer and any other agreement referenced herein, along with the Confidential Information, Inventions and Non-Competition Agreement CIIN ), which you are required to sign as a condition of employment, are the full and complete agreement between you and Cerence. Although your job duties, title, compensation, and benefits, as well as Cerence personnel policies and procedures, may change from time to time, the at will nature of your employment may only be changed in an express written agreement signed by you and a duly authorized officer of Cerence. 
 
 This Offer is contingent upon your satisfying the conditions of hire, including the following: 
 Completing and signing an Employment Application in full 

Completing the Employment Eligibility Verification; presenting proof of eligibility to work in the United States 

Executing the Cerence standard Confidential Information, Inventions and Noncompetition Agreement received upon start 

Passing a Background Check 

Finally, this Offer is conditioned on your not being subject to any confidentiality or non-competition agreement or any other similar type of restriction that would affect your ability to devote full time and attention to your work at Cerence. If you have previously entered into such an agreement, please provide me with a copy as soon as possible. You re accepting this Offer and not presenting me with a copy of an agreement containing a confidentiality or non-competition agreement or any other similar type of restriction indicates that no such agreement exists. 
 
 3 

This letter, together with any other agreement referenced herein, sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between you and the Company relating to your employment and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and discussions. 
 
 Iqbal, please confirm your acceptance of our Offer by signing this Offer Letter, indicating your anticipated start date and returning it via Adobe. 
 
 If you have further questions regarding our offer, please contact me at (781) 265-8590. On behalf of the Company, I wish you a long and rewarding career with Cerence. 

Sincerely, 

Sachin Sahney 
 SVP Chief Human Resources Officer 

I ACCEPT THE OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT AS STATED ABOVE: 

/s/ Iqbal Arshad 
 
 April 21, 2023 

Signature 
 
 Date of Acceptance 

April 28, 2023 

Tentative Start Date 

4 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-10.25>
 4
 crnc-ex10_25.htm
 EX-10.25

EX-10.25 

Exhibit 10.25 
 CERENCE INC. 
 CHANGE OF CONTROL AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 This Change of Control and Severance Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into by and between Iqbal Arshad Executive and Cerence Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), effective as of the later of (i) the latest date on the signature page of this Agreement and (ii) the date Executive s employment with the Company commences (the Effective Date ). 
 RECITALS 
 1.	The Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to assure that the Company will have the continued dedication and objectivity of Executive, notwithstanding the possibility, threat, or occurrence of a Change of Control. 
 2.	The Committee believes that it is imperative to provide Executive with severance benefits upon Executive s termination of employment under certain circumstances to provide Executive with enhanced financial security, incentive and encouragement to remain with the Company. 
 3.	Certain capitalized terms used in the Agreement and not otherwise defined are defined in Section 7 below. 
 AGREEMENT 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of Executive s continued employment and the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows: 
 1. Term of Agreement . Subject to the provisions for earlier termination set forth herein, the term of the Executive s employment hereunder shall commence as of the Effective Date and shall continue through the third anniversary of the Effective Date (the Initial Term ). The Initial Term will automatically renew for additional, successive one (1) year periods (each, a Renewal Term unless either party provides written notice of such party's intent not to continue this Agreement no less than ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or the Renewal Term, as applicable; provided, however, in the event that a Change of Control (as defined below) occurs during the final year of the Initial Term or during any Renewal Term, the Initial Term of the Renewal Term, as applicable, shall automatically be extended until the one year anniversary of the Change of Control (a Change of Control Extension (the Initial Term together with any Renewal Terms (each as extended by any Change of Control Extension), if applicable, shall be referred to herein as the Term ). The Company and the Executive agree that if the Company adopts an executive severance and change of control plan (a Severance Plan with economic terms that are at least as favorable as the terms in this Agreement, this Executive will waive his rights under this Agreement in exchange for participating in the Severance Plan and the Term of this Agreement will end. 

2. At-Will Employment . The Company and Executive acknowledge that Executive s employment is and will continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law, except as otherwise specifically provided under the terms of a written employment agreement between the Company and Executive. 

3. Severance Benefits . 

(a) Termination Other than During Change of Control Period . If Executive s employment with the Company and its subsidiaries is terminated by the Company other than for Cause and for a reason other than due to Executive s death or Disability (as defined in Section 3(e) below), and such termination occurs outside the Change of Control Period, then, subject to Section 4 and the other provisions of this Agreement, Executive will receive from the Company: 

(i) Base Salary Severance . A cash severance payment equal to one hundred percent (100 of Executive s annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to the termination date, which shall be paid out in substantially equal installments in accordance with the Company s payroll practice over 12 months. 

(ii) Target Bonus Severance . A lump sum cash severance payment equal to one hundred percent (100 of Executive s target bonus and a prorated percentage of Executive s target bonus as in effect for the fiscal year that includes the termination date. For purposes of the preceding sentence, proration will be determined by dividing the number of days during the fiscal year for which Executive remained an employee of the Company, by three hundred and sixty-five (365). If Executive s target bonus for the fiscal year including the termination date has not been set as of the termination date, Executive instead will receive a prorated percentage of the target bonus for the immediately preceding fiscal year. 

(iii) Time-Based Equity Awards . Vesting of the portion of each (if any) of Executive s outstanding and unvested equity awards covering shares of the Company s common stock that are subject solely to time-based vesting (excluding any awards subject to performance-based vesting) (such awards Time-Based Awards that are scheduled to vest during the twelve (12)-month period following Executive s termination date. 

(iv) Performance-Based Equity Awards . Vesting of the earned portion of any of Executive s outstanding and unvested equity awards subject to performance-based vesting (excluding any Time-Based Awards) (such awards, Performance-Based Awards for which the performance period is complete as of the termination date. In addition, for any Performance-Based awards held by Executive with a single three-year performance period for which the performance period is not complete as of the termination date Three-Year Performance-Based Awards and provided that Executive has been in the employ of the Company for at least six months of the performance period, except as otherwise provided in the applicable award agreement, a pro-rated portion of any such Three-Year Performance-Based Award (with pro-ration determined by multiplying the number of shares or units subject to the applicable Three-Year Performance-Based Award by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of days elapsed between the first day of the performance period of the Three-Year Performance-Based Award and Executive s termination date and the denominator of which is the total number of days in the performance period for the applicable Three-Year Performance-Based 

2 

Award) (such portion, the Pro-Rated Portion shall remain eligible to be earned at the end of the performance period applicable to the Three-Year Performance-Based Award based upon actual achievement of the applicable performance metrics in accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreements and equity incentive plans and any Pro-Rated Portion that is earned at the end of the performance period shall be immediately fully vested. 

(v) Continued Employee Benefits . Continuation coverage under the terms of the Company medical benefit plan pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA ), for Executive and/or Executive s eligible dependents, subject to Executive timely electing COBRA coverage. Until the earliest of (A) twelve (12) months from the date of Executive s termination, (B) Executive s eligibility for group medical plan benefits under any other employer s group medical plan, or (C) the cessation of Executive s continuation rights under COBRA, the Company will pay directly on Executive s behalf the monthly COBRA premiums (at the coverage levels in effect for active employees of the Company). For the avoidance of doubt, the direct payment of any COBRA premiums will be reported as taxable income and subject to any applicable tax withholdings. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the foregoing benefit without potentially violating, or being subject to an excise tax under, applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company will in lieu thereof provide payroll payments of the applicable premium amounts directly to Executive for the time period specified above. Such payments shall be paid on the Company s regular payroll dates. For the avoidance of doubt, the taxable payment in lieu of COBRA reimbursements may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to, continuation coverage under COBRA, and will be subject to all applicable tax withholdings. 

(b) Termination Following a Change of Control . If during the Change of Control Period (i) Executive s employment with the Company and its subsidiaries is terminated by the Company other than for Cause and for a reason other than due to Executive s death or Disability or (ii) Executive resigns for Good Reason, then, subject to Section 4 and the other provisions of this Agreement, Executive will receive from the Company: 

(i) Base Salary Severance . A lump sum cash severance payment equal to one hundred and fifty percent (150 of Executive s annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to the termination date (or, if greater, as in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control). 

(ii) Target Bonus Severance . A lump sum cash severance payment equal to one hundred and fifty percent (150 of Executive s target bonus for the year in which Executive s termination occurs (or, if greater, as in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control) and a prorated percentage of Executive s target bonus as in effect for the fiscal year that includes the termination date (or, if greater, as in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control). For purposes of the preceding sentence, proration will be determined by dividing the number of days during the fiscal year for which Executive remained an employee of the Company, by three hundred and sixty-five (365). 

(iii) Continued Employee Benefits . Continuation coverage under the terms of the Company medical benefit plan pursuant to COBRA for Executive and/or Executive s eligible dependents, subject to Executive timely electing COBRA coverage. Until the earliest of 

3 

(A) eighteen (18) months from the date of Executive s termination, (B) Executive s eligibility for group medical plan benefits under any other employer s group medical plan, or (C) the cessation of Executive s continuation rights under COBRA, the Company will pay directly on Executive s behalf the monthly COBRA premiums (at the coverage levels in effect for active employees of the Company). For the avoidance of doubt, the direct payment of any COBRA premiums will be reported as taxable income and subject to any applicable tax withholdings. Notwithstanding the preceding provision, if the Company determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the foregoing benefit without potentially violating, or being subject to an excise tax under, applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), the Company will in lieu thereof provide payroll payments of the applicable premium amounts directly to Executive for the time period specified above. Such payments shall be paid on the Company s regular payroll dates. For the avoidance of doubt, the taxable payment in lieu of COBRA reimbursements may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to, continuation coverage under COBRA, and will be subject to all applicable tax withholdings. 

(iv) Vesting of Time-Based Equity Awards . One hundred percent (100 of Executive s outstanding and unvested Time-Based Awards will become vested in full. 

(v) Vesting of Performance-Based Equity Awards . Executive s outstanding and unvested Performance-Based Awards shall become vested based on actual performance through Executive s termination date, if measurable, and based upon target performance if performance is not measurable as of Executive s termination date. 

(vi) Except as provided in Sections 3(a)(iv) and 3(b)(v), all Performance-Based Awards remain subject to the terms of the Company s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan or any successor thereto and the applicable award agreement. 

(c) Voluntary Resignation; Termination for Cause . If Executive s employment with the Company and its subsidiaries terminates in a voluntary resignation (other than for Good Reason during the Change of Control Period), or if Executive s employment is terminated for Cause, then Executive shall not be entitled to receive severance or other benefits except as otherwise provided by applicable law. 

(d) Termination for Death or Disability . Except as otherwise provided in the award agreement for any Time-Based Award, if Executive s employment with the Company and its subsidiaries terminates on account of Executive s death or absence from work due to a disability for a period in excess of one hundred and eighty (180) days in any twelve (12)-month period that qualifies for benefits under the Company s long-term disability program Disability ), (i) one hundred percent (100 of Executive s outstanding and unvested Time-Based Awards will become vested, (ii) one hundred percent (100 of the earned portion of any of Executive s Performance-Based Awards for which the performance period is complete will become vested and (iii) Executive shall remain eligible to earn a Pro-Rated Portion of any Three-Year Performance-Based Award at the end of the performance period applicable to the Three-Year Performance-Based Award based upon actual achievement of the applicable performance metrics in accordance with the terms of the applicable award agreements and equity incentive plans and any such Pro-Rated Portion that is earned at the end of the performance period shall be immediately fully vested. 

4 

In the case of a termination for Disability, vesting under this Section 3(e) will be subject to Executive s compliance with Section 4 and the other provisions of this Agreement. 

(e) Accrued Amounts . Without regard to the reason for, or the timing of, Executive s termination of employment, the Company shall pay Executive: (i) any unpaid base salary due for periods prior to the date of termination, (ii) accrued and unused vacation, as required under the applicable Company policy, and (iii) all expenses incurred by Executive in connection with the business of the Company prior to the date of termination in accordance with the Company s business expense reimbursement policy. These payments shall be made promptly upon termination and within the period of time mandated by law. 

(f) Exclusive Remedy . In the event of termination of Executive s employment as set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement during the Term, the provisions of Section 3 are intended to be and are exclusive and in lieu of any other rights or remedies to which Executive or the Company may otherwise be entitled, whether at law, tort or contract, in equity, or under this Agreement (other than the payment of accrued but unpaid wages, as required by law, or any unreimbursed reimbursable expenses). During the Term of this Agreement, Executive will be entitled to no benefits, compensation or other payments or rights upon termination of employment, including under any offer letter or other agreement with the Company, other than those benefits expressly set forth in Section 3 of this Agreement. 

(g) Transfer between Company and any Subsidiary . For purposes of this Section 3, if Executive s employment relationship with the Company or any parent or subsidiary of the Company ceases, Executive will not, solely by virtue thereof, be determined to have been terminated without Cause for purposes of this Agreement if Executive continues to remain employed by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company immediately thereafter (e.g., upon transfer of Executive s employment from the Company to a Company subsidiary or from a Company subsidiary to the Company). 

4. Conditions to Receipt of Severance 

(a) Release of Claims Agreement . The receipt of any severance payments or benefits in Section 3 pursuant to this Agreement is subject to Executive signing and not revoking a separation agreement that includes without limitation, if requested by the Company, a non-competition covenant that applies for up to twelve (12) months following Executive s termination of employment, a non-solicitation covenant that applies for up to twelve (12) months following Executive s termination of employment, non-disparagement and reasonable post-termination cooperation obligations of Executive and a release of claims, all in the form provided by the Company, which must become effective and irrevocable no later than the sixtieth (60th) day following Executive s termination of employment (the Release Deadline ). If such separation agreement does not become effective and irrevocable by the Release Deadline, Executive will forfeit any right to severance payments or benefits under this Agreement. Any cash severance payments or benefits otherwise payable to Executive in a lump sum or otherwise between the termination date and the Release Deadline will be paid on or within fifteen (15) days (or such earlier date for such payment to qualify as a short-term deferral for purposes of Section 409A) following the Release Deadline, or, if later, such time as required by Section 5(a) and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the applicable equity plan or award agreement, to the 

5 

extent permitted under Section 409A, any equity awards that become vested in connection with Executive s termination of employment under this Agreement shall not be settled or become exercisable, as applicable, until the separation agreement becomes effective in accordance with its terms. In no event will any severance payments or benefits be paid or provided until the separation agreement actually becomes effective and irrevocable and, if the separation agreement does not become effective in accordance with its terms on or prior to the Release Deadline, Executive s entitlement to any such severance payments and benefits under this Agreement shall be forfeited on the Release Deadline for no consideration payable to Executive. 

(b) Proprietary Information and Non-Competition Agreement . Executive s receipt of any severance payments or benefits under Section 3 will be subject to Executive continuing to comply with the terms of any agreements between Executive and the Company concerning inventions, confidentiality, or restrictive covenants (the Confidentiality Agreement ). 

5. Section 409A . 

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, no Deferred Payments will be paid or otherwise provided until Executive has a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. Similarly, no severance payable to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement that otherwise would be exempt from Section 409A pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A 1(b)(9) will be payable until Executive has a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. In addition, if Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of Executive s separation from service (other than due to death), then the Deferred Payments, if any, that are payable within the first six (6) months following Executive s separation from service, will become payable on the first payroll date that occurs on or after the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Executive s separation from service. All subsequent Deferred Payments, if any, will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if Executive dies following Executive s separation from service, but before the six (6) month anniversary of the separation from service, then any payments delayed in accordance with this paragraph will be payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of Executive s death and all other Deferred Payments will be payable in accordance with the payment schedule applicable to each payment or benefit. Each payment and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment under Section 1.409A-2(b)(2) of the Treasury Regulations. 

(b) Any amounts paid under this Agreement that satisfy the requirements of the short-term deferral rule set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the Treasury Regulations will not constitute Deferred Payments for purposes of this Agreement. 

(c) Any amounts paid under this Agreement that qualify as payments made as a result of an involuntary separation from service pursuant to Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) of the Treasury Regulations that does not exceed the Section 409A Limit (as defined below) will not constitute Deferred Payments for purposes of this Agreement. 

(d) Payments under this Agreement are intended to comply with, or be exempt from, the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the severance payments and benefits to be 

6 

provided hereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities or ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted to so comply. Specifically, the payments hereunder are intended to be exempt from the Requirements of Section 409A under the short-term deferral rule set forth in Section 1.409A-1(b)(4) of the Treasury Regulations or as payments made as a result of an involuntary separation from service, as applicable. The Company and Executive agree to work together in good faith to consider amendments to this Agreement and to take such reasonable actions which are necessary, appropriate or desirable to avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition before actual payment to Executive under Section 409A. The Company makes no representation or warranty to Executive and in no event will the Company reimburse Executive or any other person for any taxes or other costs that may be imposed on Executive as a result of Section 409A or any other law. 

6. Limitation on Payments . In the event that the severance and other benefits provided for in this Agreement or otherwise payable to Executive (i) constitute parachute payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and (ii) would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then Executive s benefits under this Agreement shall be either: 

(a) delivered in full, or 

(b) delivered as to such lesser extent which would result in no portion of such benefits being subject to the Excise Tax, 

whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax, results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of benefits, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such benefits may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. If a reduction in severance and other benefits constituting parachute payments is necessary so that benefits are delivered to a lesser extent, reduction will occur in the following order: (1) reduction of cash payments, (2) cancellation of equity awards granted within the twelve (12)-month period prior to a change of control (as determined under Code Section 280G) that are deemed to have been granted contingent upon the change of control (as determined under Code Section 280G), (3) cancellation of accelerated vesting of equity awards and (4) reduction of continued employee benefits. In the event that accelerated vesting of equity awards is to be cancelled, such vesting acceleration will be cancelled in the reverse chronological order of the award grant dates. 
 Unless the Company and Executive otherwise agree in writing, any determination required under this Section shall be made in writing by the Company s independent public accountants (the Accountants ), whose determination shall be conclusive and binding upon Executive and the Company for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section, the Accountants may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Section 280G and 4999 of the Code. The Company and Executive shall furnish to the Accountants such information and documents as the Accountants may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section. The Company shall bear all costs the Accountants may reasonably incur in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section. 
 7 

7. Definition of Terms . The following terms referred to in this Agreement will have the following meanings: 

(a) Cause . Cause means (i) any act of dishonesty or fraud taken by Executive in connection with his or her responsibilities as an employee other than immaterial, inadvertent acts that, if capable of cure, are promptly remedied by Executive following notice by the Company, (ii) Executive s breach of the fiduciary duty or duty of loyalty owed to the Company, or material breach of the duty to protect the Company s confidential and proprietary information, (iii) Executive s commission of, conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to (A) any felony or to (B) a crime misdemeanor involving fraud, embezzlement, misappropriation of funds or any other act of moral turpitude, (iv) Executive s gross negligence or willful misconduct in the performance of his or her duties, (v) Executive s material breach of this Agreement or any other agreement with the Company or any material written policy of the Company; (vi) Executive s engagement in conduct or activities that result, or are reasonably likely to result, in negative publicity or public disrespect, contempt or ridicule of the Company that the Board reasonably believes will have a demonstrably injurious effect on the reputation or business of the Company or Executive s ability to perform his or her duties (but excluding conduct and activities undertaken in good faith by Executive in the ordinary course of performing his or her duties or promoting the Company); (vii) Executive s failure to abide by the lawful and reasonable directives of the Company (other than any failure to achieve a lawful and reasonable directive following the expenditure by Executive of commercially reasonable best efforts); or (viii) Executive s repeated failure to materially perform the primary duties of Executive s position. 

Change of Control . Change of Control shall have the meaning specified in the Company s 2019 Equity Incentive Plan or any successor thereto. 
 (b) Change of Control Period . Change of Control Period means the period beginning on a Change of Control and ending on the one-year anniversary of the Change of Control. 

(c) Code . Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

(d) Deferred Payments . Deferred Payments means any severance pay or benefits to be paid or provided to Executive, if any, pursuant to this Agreement that, in each case, are or when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits are, deemed to be non-qualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A. 

(e) Exchange Act . Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(f) Good Reason . Good Reason means Executive s termination of employment within thirty (30) days following the expiration of any Cure Period (discussed below) following the occurrence of one or more of the following, without Executive s express written consent: (i) a material reduction in Executive s duties, authority or responsibilities (other than during a period of Executive s incapacity due to physical or mental illness); (ii) a material reduction by the Company in the annual base compensation or target bonus opportunity (as a percentage of base salary) of Executive as in effect immediately prior to such reduction provided, 

8 

however, that one or more reductions in base compensation or target bonus opportunity applicable to all executives generally that, cumulatively, total ten percent (10 or less in base compensation and/or ten (10) percentage points or less in target bonus opportunity will not constitute a material reduction for purposes of this clause (ii); (iii) the relocation of Executive to a facility or a location more than fifty (50) miles from Executive s then present location; or (iv) a material breach by the Company of this Agreement or any equity award agreement between Company and Executive. In order for an event to qualify as Good Reason, Executive must not terminate employment with the Company without first providing the Company with written notice of the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for Good Reason within ninety (90) days of the initial existence of the grounds for Good Reason and the Company shall have failed to cure during a period of thirty (30) days following the date of such notice (the Cure Period and Executive shall terminate employment within sixty (60) days after the end of the Cure Period. 

(g) Section 409A . Section 409A means Section 409A of the Code and the final Treasury Regulations and any official Internal Revenue Service guidance promulgated thereunder. 

(h) Section 409A Limit . Section 409A Limit means two (2) times the lesser of: (i) Executive s annualized compensation based upon the annual rate of pay paid to Executive during Executive s taxable year preceding Executive s taxable year of Executive s termination of employment as determined under, and with such adjustments as are set forth in, Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A)(1) and any Internal Revenue Service guidance issued with respect thereto; or (ii) the maximum amount that may be taken into account under a qualified plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(17) of the Code for the year in which Executive s employment is terminated. 

8. Assignment . Neither Executive nor the Company may make any assignment of this Agreement or any interest in it, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other; provided, however, that the Company may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without Executive s consent to any affiliate or to any person or entity with whom the Company shall hereafter effect a reorganization, consolidate with, or merge into or to whom it transfers all or substantially all of its properties or assets; provided further that if Executive remains employed or become employed by the Company, the purchaser or any of their affiliates in connection with any such transaction, then Executive shall not be entitled to any payments, benefits or vesting pursuant to this Agreement, except as expressly provided in Sections 3(a) and 3(b). This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon Executive and the Company, and each of Executive s and the Company s respective successors, executors, administrators, heirs and permitted assigns. 

9. Notice . 

(a) General . Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered, when mailed by U.S. registered or certified mail, return receipt requested and postage prepaid, or when delivered by private courier service such as UPS or Federal Express that has tracking capability. In the case of Executive, mailed notices will be addressed to him or her at the home address which he or she most recently communicated to the Company in writing. In the case 

9 

of the Company, mailed notices will be addressed to its corporate headquarters, and all notices will be directed to the Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel of the Company. 

(b) Notice of Termination . Any termination by the Company for Cause or by Executive for Good Reason will be communicated by a notice of termination to the other party hereto given in accordance with Section 9(a) of this Agreement. Such notice will indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, will set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination under the provision so indicated, and will specify the termination date (which will be not more than thirty (30) days after the giving of such notice or any shorter period required herein). 

10. Resignation . Upon the termination of Executive s employment for any reason, Executive will be deemed to have resigned from all officer and/or director positions held at the Company and its affiliates voluntarily, without any further required action by Executive, as of the end of Executive s employment and Executive, at the Board s request, will execute any documents reasonably necessary to reflect Executive s resignation. 

11. Miscellaneous Provisions . 

(a) No Duty to Mitigate . Executive will not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this Agreement (whether by seeking new employment or in any other manner), nor shall any such payment be reduced by any earnings that Executive may receive from any other source. 

(b) Waiver . No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party will be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 

(c) Headings . All captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement. 

(d) Entire Agreement . This Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof. This Agreement supersedes, replaces in their entirety and terminates any prior representations, understandings, undertakings or agreements between the Company and Executive, whether written or oral and whether expressed or implied, that provided any benefits to Executive upon termination of Executive s employment for any reason. Nothing in this Agreement shall result in a duplication of severance payments or benefits under any other plan, program or arrangement with the Company. No waiver, alteration, or modification of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be binding unless in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of the parties hereto and which specifically mention this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, it is the intention of the parties that the provisions of this Agreement providing for acceleration or other modification of the vesting provisions of equity awards are intended to supersede the vesting provisions of any equity awards that are outstanding during the term of this Agreement (except as otherwise explicitly provided in the applicable award agreement). 

10 

(e) Clawback Provisions . Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement to the contrary, Executive agrees that incentive-based compensation or other amounts paid to Executive pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement or arrangement with Company will be subject to clawback under any Company clawback policy that is applicable to all senior executives of Company (including any such policy adopted by Company pursuant to applicable law, government regulation or stock exchange listing requirement). 

(f) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts (without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles thereof), and the Company and Executive each consent to personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 

(g) Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which will remain in full force and effect. 

(h) Withholding . All payments made pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to withholding of applicable income, employment and other taxes. 

(i) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 

11 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Change of Control and Severance Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year set forth below. 

COMPANY 

CERENCE INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Sachin Sahney 

Sachin Sahney 

Title: 
 
 Chief Human Resources Officer 

Date: 
 
 April 21, 2023 

EXECUTIVE 
 By: 
 
 /s/ Iqbal Arshad 

Iqbal Arshad 

Title: 
 
 EVP Chief Technology Officer 

Date: 
 
 April 21, 2023 

</EX-10.25>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 crnc-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF CERENCE INC. 

Subsidiary Name 
 
 Jurisdiction 
 
 Type 

Cerence AI LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Domestic 

Cerence Operating Company 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Domestic 

Consolidated Mobile Corporation 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Domestic 

VoiceBox Technologies LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Domestic 

AMS Solutions Corporation 
 
 Massachusetts 
 
 Domestic 

Multi-Corp International Ltd. 
 
 Barbados 
 
 International 

Cerence BVBA 
 
 Belgium 
 
 International 

Cerence Acquisition ULC 
 
 Canada 
 
 International 

Cerence Holding Inc. 
 
 Canada 
 
 International 

Cerence Technologies Inc. 
 
 Canada 
 
 International 

Zi Corporation 
 
 Canada 
 
 International 

Zi Corporation of Canada, Inc. 
 
 Canada 
 
 International 

845162 Alberta Ltd. 
 
 Canada 
 
 International 

Cerence Communications Technology (Shanghai) Co. Ltd. 
 
 China 
 
 International 

Cerence Software Technology (Beijing) Co. Ltd. 
 
 China 
 
 International 

Huayu Zi Software Technology (Beijing) Co, Ltd. 
 
 China 
 
 International 

USA Shenyu Technologies (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. 
 
 China 
 
 International 

Cerence Deutschland GmbH 
 
 Germany 
 
 International 

Cerence GmbH 
 
 Germany 
 
 International 

VoiceBox Technologies Deutschland GmbH 
 
 Germany 
 
 International 

Asia Translations Telecommunications Ltd. 
 
 Hong Kong SAR 
 
 International 

Cerence Hong Kong Limited 
 
 Hong Kong SAR 
 
 International 

Huayu Zi Software Technology Ltd. 
 
 Hong Kong SAR 
 
 International 

Telecom Technology Corporation Limited 
 
 Hong Kong SAR 
 
 International 

Zi Corporation (H.K.) Ltd. 
 
 Hong Kong SAR 
 
 International 

Zi Corporation of Hong Kong Ltd. 
 
 Hong Kong SAR 
 
 International 

Cerence Services (India) LLP 
 
 India 
 
 International 

Cerence Services Ireland Limited 
 
 Ireland 
 
 International 

Cerence S.r.l. 
 
 Italy 
 
 International 

Cerence Japan K.K. 
 
 Japan 
 
 International 

Cerence B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 International 

Cerence Holding B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 International 

Cerence Service B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 International 

VoiceBox Technologies Europe B.V. 
 
 Netherlands 
 
 International 

Cerence Operations S.L. 
 
 Spain 
 
 International 

Cerence Ltd. 
 
 South Korea 
 
 International 

Cerence AB 
 
 Sweden 
 
 International 

Cerence Switzerland AG 
 
 Switzerland 
 
 International 

Cerence Taiwan Ltd. 
 
 Taiwan 
 
 International 

Cerence Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 
 
 International 

Cerence SAS 
 
 France 
 
 International 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 crnc-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Cerence Inc. 
 Burlington, Massachusetts 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-234040, No. 333-254398, No. 333-262572, and No. 333-269642) of Cerence Inc. of our reports dated November 29, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, and the effectiveness of Cerence Inc. s internal control over financial reporting, which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 /s/ BDO USA, P.C. 
 Boston, Massachusetts 
 November 29, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 crnc-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Stefan Ortmanns, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cerence Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the fiscal years covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the fiscal years presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 29, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Stefan Ortmanns 

Stefan Ortmanns Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 crnc-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Thomas L. Beaudoin, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Cerence Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the fiscal years covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the fiscal years presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 29, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Thomas L. Beaudoin 

Thomas L. Beaudoin 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 crnc-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Cerence Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 29, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Stefan Ortmanns 

Stefan Ortmanns Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 crnc-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Cerence Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 29, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Thomas L. Beaudoin 

Thomas L. Beaudoin 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 crnc-20230930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 crnc-20230930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 crnc-20230930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 crnc-20230930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 20
 crnc-20230930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

