<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231016_10-K_edgar_data_1374567_0001654954-23-012955.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5593911</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>142892</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1034496</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1417928</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1149199</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1692798</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-23-012955.hdr.sgml : 20231016
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231016092633
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-23-012955
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231016
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231016

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Luvu Brands, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001374567
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE [2510]
		IRS NUMBER:				593581576
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53314
		FILM NUMBER:		231326436

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2745 BANKERS INDUSTRIAL DRIVE
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30360
		BUSINESS PHONE:		770-246-6426

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2745 BANKERS INDUSTRIAL DRIVE
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30360

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Liberator, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110304

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WES Consulting, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060905

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-23-012955.txt : 20231016

10-K
 1
 luvu_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

luvu_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, DC 20549 Form ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _______ to ____________ Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: (Title of class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding twelve months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files) No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," non-accelerated filer, "smaller reporting company" and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on or attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average of the bid and asked price of such common equity, on December 30, 2022, the last trading day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . The number of shares of Common Stock, 0.01 par value, outstanding as of the close of business on October 12, 2023 was . DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE List hereunder the following documents if incorporated by reference and the Part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which the document is incorporated: (1) Any annual report to security holders; (2) Any proxy or information statement; and (3) Any prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) or (c) under the Securities Act of 1933. The listed documents should be clearly described for identification purposes (e.g., annual report to security holders for fiscal year ended December 24, 1980). None. Luvu Brands, Inc. Index to Annual Report on Form 10-K PART I ITEM 1. Business. 5 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors. 10 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 11 ITEM 2. Properties. 12 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings. 12 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 12 PART II ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 13 ITEM 6. [Reserved] . 13 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 13 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 19 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. F-1 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 20 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures. 20 ITEM 9B. Other Information. 20 PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 21 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation. 23 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 24 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 25 ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 26 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 27 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary. 27 2 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K Annual Report for Luvu Brands, Inc. Luvu Brands the Company we our or us may contain forward-looking statements, which include statements that are predictive in nature, depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, and usually include words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plan, believes, predicts , estimates or similar expressions. In addition, any statement concerning future financial performance, ongoing business strategies or prospects and possible future actions are also forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based upon current expectations and projections about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and the accuracy of assumptions concerning the Company, the performance of the industry in which they do business and economic and market factors, among other things. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report, presentation or filing in which they are made. Except to the extent required by federal securities laws, the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Our forward-looking statements in this report include, but are not limited to: Statements relating to our business strategy; Statements relating to our business objectives; and Expectations concerning future operations, profitability, liquidity and financial resources. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us and our operations that are subject to change based on various important factors, some of which are beyond our control. The following factors, among others, could cause our financial performance to differ significantly from the goals, plans, objectives, intentions and expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements: an anticipated worsening US deficit and a possible further rise in inflation in coming years that would put additional stress on consumer spending; competition from other websites including Amazon, mass market and specialty e-tailers and from sexual wellness retailers and adult-oriented websites; our ability to satisfy, extend, renew or refinance our existing debt; the loss of one or more significant customers; our ability to generate significant sales revenue from internet, print and radio advertising; our plan to make continued investments in advertising and marketing; our ability to protect our trademarks, brand image, or other intellectual property rights; any decline in consumer spending including due to negative impact from economic conditions; our ability to successfully adapt to consumer shopping preferences; systems interruptions that impair customer access to our sites or other performance failures in our technology infrastructure, including significant disruptions of or breach in security of information technology systems and violation of data privacy laws; our ability to attract, develop, motivate and maintain well-qualified associates; our history of operating losses and the risk of incurring additional losses in the future; 3 Table of Contents our ability to maintain our brand image, engage new and existing customers and gain market share; changes in U.S. trade policies could significantly increase the costs of certain raw materials, parts or components used in our products and our sales; our ability to improve manufacturing efficiency at our production facility; unfavorable changes to government regulation of the Internet and ecommerce; the impact of increases in demand for, or the price of, raw materials used to manufacture our products, and any disruption in the supply of those raw materials; changes in government laws affecting our business; our dependence on the experience and competence of our executive officers and other key employees; risks associated with currency fluctuations; and other risks or uncertainties described elsewhere in this report and in other periodic reports previously and subsequently filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 4 Table of Contents PART I. ITEM 1. Business. General Luvu Brands, Inc. designs, manufactures and markets a portfolio of consumer lifestyle brands through the Company s websites, online mass merchants and specialty retail stores worldwide. Brands include: Liberator , a brand category of iconic products for enhancing sensuality and intimacy; Avana , Top-of-Bed Comfort products and inclined bed therapy products, assistive in relieving medical conditions associated with acid reflux, surgery recovery and chronic pain; and Jaxx , a diverse range of casual fashion daybeds, sofas and beanbags made from virgin and re-purposed polyurethane foam. These products are sold through the Company s websites, online mass merchants and retail stores worldwide. Many of our products are offered flat-packed and either roll or vacuum compressed to save on shipping and reduce our carbon footprint. Headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, the Company occupies a 140,000 square foot vertically-integrated manufacturing facility. The Company s e-commerce websites include: liberator.com, jaxxbeanbags.com, and avanacomfort.com. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references in this report to the Company, Luvu Brands, we, our, and us refers to Luvu Brands, Inc. and its subsidiaries. Our executive offices are located at 2745 Bankers Industrial Dr., Atlanta, GA 30360; our telephone number is +1-770-246-6400. Our corporate website is www.LuvuBrands.com . There we make available copies of Luvu Brands documents, news releases and our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the SEC , including financial statements. Unless specifically set forth to the contrary, the information that appears on our websites or our various social media platforms is not part of this annual report. Corporate History The Company was incorporated in the State of Florida on February 25, 1999, under the name of WES Consulting, Inc. On October 19, 2009, the Company entered into a Merger and Recapitalization Agreement (the Merger Agreement with Liberator, Inc., a Nevada corporation Old Liberator ). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Old Liberator merged with and into the Company, with the Company surviving as the sole remaining entity. On February 28, 2011, the Company name was changed from WES Consulting, Inc. to Liberator, Inc. Effective November 5, 2015, the Company changed its corporate name from Liberator, Inc. to Luvu Brands, Inc. to reflect its broader offering of wellness and lifestyle products designed for mass market channels. Overview of our Facilities and Operations Since inception we have used a vertically integrated business model, with manufacturing, distribution, product development, advertising and marketing performed in-house. We believe this allows us to create new products with reduced lead times at a lower cost while enabling us to quickly respond to market and customer demands for our existing products. For our wholesale accounts and international distributors, being able to fulfill large orders with shorter turnaround times allows us to capture business during December and February when wholesale customers make just-in-time holiday purchases. Our 140,000 square foot facility on eight acres is located in a suburb of metro Atlanta, Georgia and includes manufacturing and distribution, sales and marketing, product development, customer service and administrative staff. All of the Liberator, Jaxx and Avana branded products are designed, produced and marketed from our facility in Atlanta, Georgia. Our Atlanta-based manufacturing operation has two CAD controlled fabric cutters, one CAD controlled wood cutter, two CAD controlled foam contouring machines and two state-of-the-art conveyor unit production sewing systems. 5 Table of Contents Our sewing equipment is also highly automated with conveyor-based lines leading into vacuum and roll compression packaging of finished products. We believe that our in-house manufacturing capabilities have enabled us to achieve greater efficiencies and cost savings, as well as strict control over the entire manufacturing cycle including raw material procurement, finished goods production and logistics optimization. In addition to providing us with greater production flexibility, our in-house manufacturing provides us with the opportunity to improve fulfillment response time, reduces the risk of out-of-stock situations, limits finished goods obsolescence and improves overall operating margins. Because fabric cutting, sewing, foam contouring, assembly and vacuum packaging are performed in-house, we believe we can exercise greater control over product quality and respond faster to changing customer demands, which gives us a competitive advantage over companies that utilize only out-sourced sewing services. In addition to our in-house sewing capabilities, we outsource the sewing of certain high-volume products to a contract sewing facility in Mexico. We source raw materials from multiple domestic and foreign suppliers and we have supply contracts in place to produce our specialty fabrics under specific quality control and performance standards with just-in-time deliveries. We also repurpose over 4,000 pounds of polyurethane foam trim each day, primarily for Jaxx bean bags, which gives us a cost and quality competitive advantage. In July 2022 and in July 2023, we acquired and installed two new automated sewing conveyor systems for increased capacity and flexibility. This resulted in increased throughput and lower production costs in these operations, which have been partially offset by increased raw material costs and wages. All business activity of the Company is done through our wholly-owned subsidiary, OneUp Innovations, Inc. OneUp ). OneUp was organized in 2000 and began operations in 2002. Business Strategy Our goals are to achieve long-term growth and profitability by expanding our distribution channels and customer base for Liberator, Jaxx and Avana. We create ongoing collections of innovative products that have both good design and price to value that ship flat-packed and vacuum compressed. By running our own websites and aligning ourselves with both mass market and specialty retailers, we leave less room for importers and copy-cats to compete. We believe that marketing directly to the customer is the best way to build brands, and by doing so we create value for our customers and wealth for our shareholders. Manufacturing . To improve our business results, we constantly look for ways to manage the impact of rising raw material and labor costs by improving the productivity of our Lean manufacturing processes. As demand for certain high-volume products continues to increase, we plan to shift more of the sewing of those products to a contract facility in Mexico. Sustainability . We believe that sustainable operations are both financially and operationally beneficial to our business, and critical to our future success. We are acutely focused on waste reduction efforts: repurposing 98 of our foam trim to other products, compressing all of our foam products to reduce freight costs and corrugated use, improving manufacturing processes to reduce waste overall, finding new ways to repurpose certain waste streams and establishing local recycling partnerships to divert waste from landfills. Eco-Packaging . We maintain vacuum compressed packaging to reduce our carbon footprint, make our products more convenient for the consumer and easier to display for the retailer, and reduce our outbound shipping costs. Wholesale Operations . Our goal is to increase consumer demand through advertising and public relations while our wholesale operations expand our offering to distributors, retailers and e-tailers across every channel of adult, mass market, drug and specialty accounts. For wholesalers thinking about adding Sexual Wellness products to their retail or online store, our Liberator product line is typically one of the first safer products presented, as it can be promoted as an assistive aid to sexual positioning. As the mainstream demand for Sexual Wellness products grows, our sales staff is training and educating new resellers on how to get started in this category. For retail display, we offer mainstream packaging in a variety of sizes and price points to meet their customers particular demographic. We offer all our brands for sale through various e-tailers, and for these customers we maintain brand continuity by providing rich product content, photography and instructional videos for use on their websites. We also provide fulfillment services and can drop-ship orders directly to their customer, frequently the same day the order is received. 6 Table of Contents Products, Principal Markets and Methods of Distribution Liberator Products We developed a patented brand category which we call Liberator Bedroom Adventure Gear . The products in this collection are designed to elevate, create motion and create surfaces and textures that expand the sexual repertoire and make the act of love more exciting. Liberator Bedroom Adventure Gear combines functional design with sensuous textures that transform ordinary bedrooms into supportive landscapes for intimacy. Liberator products present angles, elevations, curves and motion that help people of all sizes, including those with back injuries and other medical conditions, find comfortable ways to connect intimately while assisting their stamina and performance. Liberator foam-based products (called Liberator Shapes are manufactured in a variety of heights and widths to accommodate variations in the human body. They consist of differently shaped cushions and props that are available in an assortment of fabric colors to add to the visual excitement. Each of the product profiles of the Liberator Shapes is unique, designed to introduce positions to the sexual experience that were previously difficult to achieve or impossible to achieve with standard pillows or cushions. Liberator Shapes are manufactured from structured polyurethane foam, cut at various angles, platforms and profiles. The foam base is encased in a tight, fluid resistant polyester shell, helping the cushions to maintain their shape. Liberator Shapes that are designed to be used in tandem are covered in a proprietary microfiber cover that allow the Shapes to adhere to each-other without slipping loose. This allows for positioning freedom. We have also developed vacuum compressed large profile designs that are commonly referred to as Love Loungers or Tantric / Yoga Chaises . Most of the sex furniture pieces are made from contoured polyurethane foam and covered in a variety of fabrics and colors. These items are marketed as the Esse Chaise, Equus Wave and Prelude Bench all in a variety of sizes. Larger designs include products based on shredded polyurethane foam trim encased in a wide range of fabric types and colors and sold under our Zeppelin product offering. The Liberator larger profile designs can also be used as lounge seating when not being used for relaxed interaction and creative intimacy. Newer styles are now flat packed with wooden bases and maple feet. We conduct our wholesale business for Liberator sexual wellness products through four primary channels: (1) adult and female friendly retailers and specialty boutiques, (2) e-tailers who sell our products through adult, mass market, drug and other sites offering sexual wellness products, and (3) wholesale distributors of adult / sexual wellness products. These wholesale accounts have approximately 1,000 retail locations and/or websites in the United States and Canada. We have a growing number of retailers who have added a dedicated Liberator exhibition concept to their merchandising space. We also sell our products in Europe through a Germany based exclusive distributor. Jaxx Casual Seating The Company manufactures a line of contemporary casual indoor and outdoor seating under the Jaxx brand. Jaxx bean bags are an offshoot from Liberator manufacturing as it provides additional revenue from repurposing our polyurethane foam trim into shredded bean bag fill. The Jaxx indoor beanbag collection includes an offering of adult and children size beanbags in a variety of fabrics, faux-furs and vinyl. The Jaxx product line also includes solid foam indoor furniture collections and outdoor furniture collections that use polystyrene bead filling. The Jaxx product line and accessory products are sold through the following wholesale channels: (1) modern furniture e-tailers, (2) mass marketers, (3) interior designers, (4) schools and daycare centers, and (5) retail furniture stores. We also offer Jaxx private label and custom designs for large regional and national furniture chains. The Company also owns and manages a website under the URLs www.JaxxBeanBags.com and www.JaxxLiving.com for direct-to-consumer sales of Jaxx products. Avana Top-of-Bed Comfort Products The Company sells a unique collection of comfort products that aid in sleep, meditation, and relaxation under the Avana brand. These products include a diverse offering of top-of-bed support cushions and props, many of which are assistive in relieving medical conditions associated with acid reflux, surgery recovery, and chronic pain. 7 Table of Contents The Avana product line is sold through e-merchants (including Amazon.com, Walmart.com, medical product distributors and specialty e-tailers) and through our website under the URL www.AvanaComfort.com . We believe that our Avana products compete effectively on the basis of good design, through offering a wide-range of designer colors and fabrics and supported by thousands of 5-star product reviews. Products Purchased for Resale We import high-quality pleasure objects from around the world for sale on our direct-to-consumer website Liberator.com. Sales and Distribution Our sales management team is organized by market channel and by customer type. We have sales personnel who routinely visit sexual wellness retailers to assist in product training, merchandising and stocking of selling areas. Through our in-house wholesale sales organization, we engage e-merchants and retailers directly and then either ship to them on a wholesale basis or provide fulfillment services by drop-shipping directly to their customers. In international markets, the Company has a direct sales model with a US-based salesperson. This salesperson is responsible for wholesale sales, marketing operations and customer service in Canada and the European Union and other international markets. For European customers, orders are filled from our exclusive Germany-based distributor or directly from our facilities in Atlanta. As is customary in the sexual wellness and casual furniture industry, sales to customers are generally made pursuant to purchase orders, and we do not have long-term or exclusive contracts with any of our retail customers or wholesale distributors. We believe that our continuing relationships with our customers are based upon our ability to provide a wide selection and reliable source of sexual wellness and casual furniture products, combined with our expertise in marketing and new product introduction. Internet Websites We design and operate our websites using in-house development teams and our creative group using all media and social platforms to promote visibility and sales conversions. We also maintain a B-to-B website allowing wholesalers to both place orders and track delivery schedules. Liberator.com is promoted as a direct B-to-C website, and entertainment and educational venue, where consumers can watch product demonstration videos, peruse ezine blog content on sexual wellness topics, and watch non-pornographic videos on the many facets of human sexuality and erotic expression. Jaxxbeanbags.com offers a collection of contemporary indoor and outdoor fashion seating, daybeds, children s play couches and modular Panelist wall mounted headboards. AvanaComfort.com presents our collection of top-of-bed comfort products, specialty pillows and mattress elevators proven effective in controlling reflux and GERD symptoms during sleep. Sources and Availability of Raw Materials We obtain all of the raw materials and component parts used to produce our products from outside sources. A number of components, including certain fabrics and polyurethane foam are sourced from suppliers who currently serve as our sole or primary source of supply. We believe we can obtain these raw materials and components from other sources of supply, although we could experience some short-term disruption in our ability to fulfill orders in the event of an unexpected loss of supply from one of the primary suppliers. We utilize dual sourcing on most fabrics and components when effective. Changes in U.S. trade policy, including tariffs on certain goods imported into the United States from China, have increased the costs of certain raw materials, parts or components used in our products. Such an increase may materially and adversely affect our sales and our business, as we may increase the selling prices of our products. If any increase in costs of goods cannot be passed on to our customers, our business and gross profit may be materially and adversely affected. 8 Table of Contents Major Customers Sales to (and through) Amazon accounted for 36 of our net sales during the year ended June 30, 2023 and 31 of our sales for the year ended June 30, 2022. The loss of, or a significant adverse change in our relationship with, any of our largest customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. Competition We compete with other marketers of sexual wellness, lifestyle and casual seating products both within and outside the U.S. The sexual wellness, bean bag and comfort products are highly fragmented and competition for the sale of such products comes from many types of e-tailers and retailers across diverse channels. For Liberator products, we believe that our primary competitive advantage is consumer recognition of our iconic brand. Due to the strength of our brand, we have limited direct competition for the majority of our Liberator branded products. In fact, many e-commerce websites refer to Liberator as a product category and not as a generic sex furniture listing. And since we sell through multiple sales channels, we provide consumers with the ability to shop for Liberator intimacy products in an environment or website that they are most comfortable in. We also believe that we differentiate ourselves from conventional sexual wellness products based on our utility of design and overall customer satisfaction as it relates to enhanced intimacy. For Jaxx and Avana products, we believe our primary competitive advantage is good designs, our offering of a wide range of designer colors and fabrics, good price to value, and our positive consumer reviews. For our pleasure products purchased for Resale, competition among retailers of adult products and web-based marketers is high. Although we compete with retail and internet businesses and now mass and drug retailers that sell sexual wellness products including vibrators, pleasure objects, accessories and similar merchandise, we believe that this opens new channels of distribution for our Liberator products and that we are able to compete favorably as our Liberator products are unique, are couple-centric, and are assistive devices for couples with sexual limitations and issues. For the Liberator e-commerce website, other competitive factors include the effectiveness of our electronic customer mailing lists, maintaining natural search listing, advertising response rates, website design and functionality. The broad range of designs, color choice, fabrics and accessories that we offer helps to differentiate us and allows us to compete favorably against many other adult or sexual wellness websites. Liberator.com also competes against numerous mainstream websites, many of which have a greater volume of web traffic, greater financial strength and marketing resources. We believe competition in our industries is based on, among other things, the ability to deliver the right product at the right time, product quality and safety, innovation, customer service and price. We believe we compete favorably with other companies because of our ability to provide a broad product offering for customers, our vertically integrated manufacturing operation which allows us to quickly respond to customer demand, our commitment to quality and safety, and our commitment to minimizing our environmental impact. Government Regulation We are subject to customs, truth-in-advertising and other laws, including consumer protection regulations that regulate the promotion and sale of merchandise and the operation of warehouse facilities. We monitor changes in these laws and believe that we are in material compliance with applicable laws. Intellectual Property The Liberator trademark is registered with the United States Patent and Trademark office and with the registries of many foreign countries. In addition, we were issued approximately 20 other product name trademarks and trade names including: Bedroom Adventure Gear , Ramp , Wedge , Stage , Esse , Zeppelin , Hipster , Wing , Equus , Jaxx , Avana , and Bonbon . In August 2005, we were issued utility patent number US 6,925,669 Support Cushion and System of Cushions. We believe our trademarks and patent have significant value and we intend to continue to vigorously protect them against infringement. 9 Table of Contents Human Capital and Resources As of June 30, 2023, we had 207 employees. The Company s employment levels may change seasonally based on current and anticipated order levels. Additional staffing is typically required to support the peak holiday period through Valentine s Day. None of our employees are represented by a union. We have had no labor-related work stoppages, and we believe our relationships with our employees are good. Human capital management is critical to our ongoing business success, which requires investing in our people. Our aim is to create a highly engaged and motivated workforce where employees are inspired by leadership, engaged in purpose-driven, meaningful work and have opportunities for growth and development. We are committed to creating and maintaining a work environment in which employees are treated with respect and dignity. We value our diverse employees and provide career and professional development opportunities that foster the success of our company. An effective approach to human capital management requires that we invest in talent, development, culture and employee engagement. We aim to create an environment where our employees are encouraged to make positive contributions and fulfill their potential. We emphasize our core values of innovation, encouragement, motivation, and curiosity with our employees to instill our culture and create an environment of growth and positivity. Additional information We file annual and quarterly reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or the Commission ). The Commission also maintains an Internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the Commission. Other information about the Company can be found on our website www.luvubrands.com. Reference in this document to that website address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on the website. ITEM 1A. Risk Factors. This section describes circumstances or events that could have a negative effect on our financial results or operations or that could change, for the worse, existing trends in our businesses. The occurrence of one or more of the circumstances or events described below could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows or on the trading prices of our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties that currently are not known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may adversely affect our businesses and operation. Although we have attempted to list comprehensively these important factors, we caution you that other factors may in the future prove to be important in affecting our results of operations. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of these factors, nor can we assess the impact of each such factor on the business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. We have been adversely affected by the effects of inflation and a potential recession. Inflation has adversely affected our liquidity, business, financial condition, and results of operations by increasing our overall cost structure and such affects will be further exacerbated if we are unable to achieve commensurate increases in the prices we charge our customers. The existence of inflation in the economy has resulted in, and may continue to result in, higher interest rates and capital costs, shipping costs, supply shortages, increased costs of labor, weakening exchange rates, and other similar effects. As a result of inflation, we have experienced and may continue to experience, cost increases. In addition, poor economic and market conditions, including a potential recession, may negatively impact market sentiment, decreasing the demand for our products, which would adversely affect our operating income and results of operations. If we are unable to take effective measures in a timely manner to mitigate the impact of inflation, as well as a potential recession, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 10 Table of Contents Competition from other brands may hinder the development of our business. Increased competitor consolidations, marketplace competition, and competitive product and pricing pressures could impact our earnings, market share and volume growth. If, due to such pressure or other competitive threats, we are unable to sufficiently maintain or develop our sales, we may be unable to achieve our current revenue and financial targets. As a means of maintaining and expanding our sales revenues, we intend to introduce additional products. We may not be successful in doing this, or it may take us longer than anticipated to achieve market acceptance of these new products, if at all. Other companies may be more successful in this regard over the long term. Competition, particularly from companies with greater financial and marketing resources than ours, could have a material adverse effect on our existing markets, as well as on our ability to expand the market for our products. Our reliance on logistics service providers, distributors, ecommerce and social media platforms and retailers could affect our ability to efficiently and profitably promote, sell, distribute and market our products, maintain our existing markets and expand our business into other geographic markets. Our ability to maintain and expand our existing markets for our products, and to establish markets in new geographic distribution areas, is dependent on our ability to establish and maintain successful relationships with reliable logistics service providers, distributors, ecommerce and social media platforms and retailers strategically positioned to serve those areas. Most of our distributors and retailers promote, sell and distribute competing products, and our products may represent a small portion of their businesses. The success of our distribution network depends on the performance of the logistics service providers, distributors, ecommerce and social media platforms and retailers in our network. There is a risk they may not adequately perform their functions within the network by, without limitation, failing to distribute to sufficient retailers or positioning our products in localities that may not be receptive to our product. Our ability to incentivize and motivate distributors to manage and sell our products is affected by competition from other companies who have greater resources than we do. To the extent that our distributors and retailers are distracted from selling our products or do not employ sufficient efforts in managing and selling our products, our sales and results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore, such third parties financial position or market share may deteriorate, which could adversely affect our distribution, marketing and sales activities. We will be dependent on our suppliers and do not have supply agreements with our suppliers. Events adversely affecting our suppliers, manufacturers and contractors would adversely affect us. If we experience significant increased sales, and since we do not have supply agreements to ensure our requirements, there can be no assurance that additional products will be available when required or on terms that are favorable to us, or that a supplier would allocate sufficient products to us in order to meet our requirements or fill our orders in a timely manner which could lead to delays to our customers, which could hurt our relationships with our customers, result in negative publicity, damage our brand and adversely affect our business, prospects and operating results. We intend to maintain a full supply chain for the provision of our products. Suppliers, manufacturers, service providers and contractors may elect, at any time, to decline or withdraw services necessary for our operations. Loss of these suppliers, manufacturers, service providers and contractors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, any significant interruption, negative change in the availability or economics of the supply chain or increase in the prices for the production of our products provided by any such third-party suppliers, manufacturers, service providers and contractors could materially impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Any inability to secure required supplies or to do so on appropriate terms could have a materially adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. 11 Table of Contents ITEM 2. Properties. We are headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia as 2745 Bankers Industrial Drive, Atlanta, GA 30360. We lease a 140,000 square feet building on eight acres, which we believe allows for expansion when needed. Our facility houses manufacturing, distribution and fulfillment, call center, in-house advertising and creative departments, product design group, and administrative offices. On November 2, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with its landlord on a new lease for the current facilities for six years and two months, beginning January 1, 2021. The new lease included two months of rent abatement totaling 103,230. Under the lease, the monthly rent on the facility is 51,615 with annual escalations of 3 with the final two months of rent at 61,605. In addition, the Company pays the landlord a 2 property management fee. The rent expense under this lease for the 12 months ended June 30, 2023 was 652,752. The rent expense under this lease for the 12 months ended June 30, 2022 was 652,752. Our facilities are currently adequate for their intended purposes and are adequately maintained. ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings. As of the date of this annual report, there are no material pending legal or governmental proceedings relating to our company or properties to which we are a party, and to our knowledge there are no material proceedings to which any of our directors, executive officers or affiliates are a party adverse to us or which have a material interest adverse to us. ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. None. 12 Table of Contents PART II. ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets Group on the OTCQB tier OTCQB under the symbol LUVU . On October 6, 2023, the last reported sale price of our common stock on the OTCQB was 0.08. Any over the counter market quotation reflects inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. Stockholders As of October 10, 2023, we had 83 stockholders of record of our common stock. This amount does not reflect persons or entities that hold our securities in nominee or street name through various brokerage firms. Dividend Policy We have not paid dividends and we plan to retain all earnings generated by our operations, if any, for use in our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends to our shareholders in the foreseeable future. The payment of future dividends on the common stock and the rate of such dividends, if any, and when not restricted, will be determined by our board of directors in light of our earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, and other factors. Additionally, under the terms of our credit facility, we are precluded from paying a dividend and we may in the future issue preferred stock and/or other securities that provides for preferences over holders of common stock in the payment of dividends. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. ITEM 6. [RESERVED]. ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. This discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting the results of operations and financial condition of the Company during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 and should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere herein. Certain information contained in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are forward-looking statements. Statements that are not historical in nature and which may be identified by the use of words like expects, assumes, projects, anticipates, estimates, we believe, could be and other words of similar meaning, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management s expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed. Our actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in this section because of various factors, including those set forth elsewhere herein. See Forward-Looking Statements included in this report. 13 Table of Contents Results of Operations Overview The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, information derived from our Consolidated Financial Statements, expressed as a percentage of net sales. The discussion that follows the table should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements. Year Ended June 30, 2023 Year Ended June 30, 2022 Net sales 100 100 Cost of goods sold 75 77 Gross profit 25 23 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 20 19 Operating income 5 4 Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2023 Compared to the Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2022 Net sales. The net sales increase of 11 in fiscal 2023 from fiscal 2022 consists of a 48 increase in sales of Liberator products, offset, in part, by a 16 decrease in Jaxx products, a 23 decrease in sales of Avana products and 28 decrease in products purchased for resale. Sales of Liberator products increased 48 from the prior year to approximately 17.8 million during fiscal 2023. Sales of Jaxx products decreased 16 during fiscal 2023 to approximately 6.9 million. Sales of Avana products decreased 23 to 2.2 million during fiscal 2023. Sales of all products through the Wholesale sales channel in fiscal 2023 increased 9 from the prior year while the Direct sales channel increased approximately 16 from the prior year. The Wholesale sales channel includes branded products and resale products sold to brick-and-mortar retailers and e-merchants including, but not limited to, Amazon, Overstock and Wayfair. The Wholesale sales channel also includes contract manufacturing services which consists of specialty items that are manufactured in small quantities for certain customers, and which, to date, has not been a material part of our business. The Direct sales channel consists of consumer sales through our three websites. The increase in sales through the Direct channel was due to higher sales of products sold through our websites. Gross profit. Gross profit, derived from net sales less the cost of product sales, includes the cost of materials, direct labor, manufacturing overhead and depreciation. Total gross profit as a percentage of sales for the year ended June 30, 2023 increased to 25 from 23 in the prior year. Gross profit dollars increased to 7,192,000 from 6,001,000 in the prior year and represented a 21 increase. The Company also continued to implement cost reduction strategies like transitioning the sewing of certain high-volume Jaxx and Avana products to a contract facility in Mexico which, during fiscal 2023, produced approximately 30 of our sewn products and reduced our total cost of production for those products. Operating expenses. Excluding depreciation expense, total operating expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023 were 18 of net sales, or 5,294,000, compared to 18 of net sales, or 4,749,000, for the year ended June 30, 2022. The 11 increase in operating expenses from the prior year was primarily due to higher advertising and promotion expenses which were incurred in an effort to increase sales, higher occupancy costs, and higher personnel related costs. Other income (expense). Other expense decreased to 262,000) from expense of 342,000) in the prior fiscal year. Net income. We had a net income from operations of 1,282,000, or 0.02 per diluted share, for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared with net income from operations of 604,000 or 0.01 per diluted share, for the year ended June 30, 2022 due to increase in net sales and improvement in gross profit margin, partially offset by increase in operating expenses. 14 Table of Contents Financial Information about Our Business Sales Channels We conduct our business through two primary sales channels: Direct (consisting of our Internet websites) and Wholesale (consisting of our stocking reseller, drop-ship, contract manufacturing and distributor accounts). During our last two years, substantially all of our revenue was generated within North America, and all of our long-lived assets are located within the United States. The following is a summary of our revenues: (Dollars in thousands) Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Direct 8,255 7,136 Wholesale 20,260 18,546 Other 704 661 Total Net Sales 29,219 26,343 Net sales in the Other channel consists primarily of shipping and handling fees derived from our Direct business. Direct The following is a summary of our Direct business net sales and the percentage relationship to total revenues: (Dollars in thousands) Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Direct sales channel net sales 8,255 7,136 Direct net sales as a percentage of total revenues 28 27 Wholesale The following is a summary of our net sales to Wholesale customers and the percentage relationship to total revenues: (Dollars in thousands) Fiscal 2023 Fiscal 2022 Wholesale sales channel net sales 20,260 18,546 Wholesale net sales as a percentage of total revenues 69 70 As of June 30, 2023, the Company has over 950 active wholesale accounts, most of which are located in the United States. Sales by Product Type The following table represents the dollars and percentage of net sales by product type: (Dollars in thousands) Year Ended June 30, 2023 Year Ended June 30, 2022 Net sales: Liberator 17,744 61 11,978 45 Jaxx 6,923 24 8,293 32 Avana 2,219 7 2,893 11 Products purchased for resale 1,165 4 1,615 6 Other 1,168 4 1,564 6 Total Net Sales 29,219 100 26,343 100 15 Table of Contents Liberator - Liberator products consist of items that are manufactured by us and are intended for sale in the sexual health and wellness market. Liberator products are sold to e-merchants, retailers and distributors as well as directly through our e-commerce site. Net sales of Liberator products increased 48 during the year ended June 30, 2023, from the comparable year earlier period. This increase is primarily related to higher sales through our e-commerce site, Liberator.com. Jaxx - Jaxx products are contemporary seating products manufactured by us and sold under the Jaxx brand. Jaxx products are sold to e-merchants and retailers as well as directly through our e-commerce site. Net sales of Jaxx products decreased 16 during the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to the prior year. This decrease is primarily due to lower sales of Jaxx indoor and outdoor products. Avana - The Avana product line is a unique collection of top-of-bed and comfort products that aid in sleep, meditation, and relaxation. Avana products are sold through e-merchants, mail order catalogers and through our e-commerce site. Net sales of Avana products decreased 23 during the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to the prior year. The decrease in sales was due primarily to increased competition from lower priced products from China and other countries. Products purchased for resale Products purchased for resale are other branded products that we purchase from others at wholesale or distributor prices and resell through our sales channels to e-merchants, retailers, or through one of our e-commerce sites. Sales of these products decreased 28 during the year ended June 30, 2023 from the prior year, due to consumer demand shrinkage across the industry. Sales of these products is increasingly competitive and, as a result, the Company has elected to only offer a more curated selection of products that typically have a higher gross profit. Other - Other products include sales from contract manufacturing and fulfillment services. Net sales during the year ended June 30, 2023 decreased 25 from the prior year. Variability of Results We have experienced significant quarterly fluctuations in operating results and anticipate that these fluctuations may continue in future periods. Operating results have fluctuated as a result of changes in sales levels to consumers and wholesalers, competition, the COVID-19 pandemic aftereffects, seasonality costs associated with new product introductions, and increases in raw material costs. In addition, future operating results may fluctuate as a result of factors beyond our control such as raw material cost increases, labor cost increases resulting from the current labor shortage, foreign exchange fluctuation, changes in government regulations, and economic changes in the regions in which we operate and sell. A portion of our operating expenses are relatively fixed and the timing of increases in expense levels is based in large part on forecasts of future sales. Therefore, if net sales are below expectations in any given period, the adverse impact on results of operations may be magnified by our inability to meaningfully adjust spending in certain areas, or the inability to adjust spending quickly enough, as in personnel and administrative costs, to compensate for a sales shortfall. We may also choose to increase spending in response to market conditions, and these decisions may have a material adverse effect on financial condition and results of operations. Liquidity and Capital Resources The following table summarizes our cash flows: Year ended June 30, 2023 2022 (in thousands) Cash flow data from continuing operations: Cash provided by operating activities 661 387 Cash used in investing activities (115 (52 Cash used in financing activities (364 (453 As of June 30, 2023, our cash and cash equivalents totaled 1,041,310 compared to 858,870 in cash and cash equivalents as of June 30, 2022. Operating Activities Net cash provided by operating activities primarily consists of the net income adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation, stock-based compensation, and the effect of changes in operating assets and liabilities. Net cash provided by operating activities increased from the prior year due to the net income from operations, offset, in part, by an increase in inventory. 16 Table of Contents Investing Activities Cash used in investing activities in the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 was primarily for production equipment purchases and software development work. Financing Activities Cash used in financing activities in the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 was primarily due to repayment of secured and unsecured notes payable and equipment notes payable offset in part by borrowings through unsecured notes payable. Inflation During fiscal 2022 and 2023, we experienced increases in various raw material costs and increases in labor costs. We believe these pricing pressures have not stabilized and will continue to increase throughout fiscal 2024, although there is no assurance this will occur. Inflation can harm our margins and profitability if we are unable to increase prices or improve productivity enough to offset the effects of inflation in our cost base. Furthermore, if our customers reduce their levels of spending in response to increases in retail prices and/or we are unable to pass such cost increases to our customers, our revenues and our profit margins may decrease. Capital Resources We expect total capital expenditures for fiscal 2024 to be less than 150,000 and to be funded by equipment loans and, to a lesser extent, anticipated operating cash flows and borrowings under the line of credit with Advance Financial Corporation. This includes capital expenditures in support of our normal operations. If our business plans and cost estimates are inaccurate and our operations require additional cash or if we deviate from our current plans, we could be required to seek additional debt financing for particular projects or for ongoing operational needs. This indebtedness could harm our business if we are unable to obtain additional financing on reasonable terms. In addition, any indebtedness we incur in the future could subject us to restrictive covenants limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in, our business. If we do not comply with such covenants, our lenders could accelerate repayment of our debt or restrict our access to further borrowings, which in turn could restrict our operating flexibility and endanger our ability to continue operations. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We do not use off-balance sheet arrangements with unconsolidated entities or related parties, nor do we use other forms of off-balance sheet arrangements. Accordingly, our liquidity and capital resources are not subject to off-balance sheet risks from unconsolidated entities. As of June 30, 2023, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of SEC Regulation S-K. We have entered into operating leases primarily for certain equipment and our facilities in the normal course of business. These arrangements are often referred to as a form of off-balance-sheet financing. Future minimum lease payments under our operating leases as of June 30, 2023 are detailed in the section entitled Commitments and Contingencies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Effect of Recently Issued Accounting Standards and Estimates We do not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, will have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 17 Table of Contents Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our consolidated financial statements included under Item 8 in this report have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. Our significant accounting policies are described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and their accompanying notes. We have identified certain policies that we believe are important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations. These policies require the application of significant judgment by our management. We base our estimates on our historical experience, industry standards, and various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. An adverse effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, and results of operations could occur if circumstances change that alter the various assumptions or conditions used in such estimates or assumptions. Our critical accounting policies include those listed below. Revenue Recognition We record revenue based on the five-step model which includes: (1) identifying the contract with the customer; (2) identifying the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determining the transaction price; (4) allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations; and (5) recognizing revenue when the performance obligations are satisfied. Substantially all of our revenue is generated by fulfilling orders for the purchase of manufactured products and product purchased for resale to retailers, wholesalers, or direct to consumers via online channels, with each order considered to be a distinct performance obligation. These orders may be formal purchase orders, verbal phone orders, e-mail orders or orders received online. Shipping and handling activities for which we are responsible under the terms and conditions of the order are not accounted for as performance obligations but as fulfillment costs. These activities are required to fulfill our promise to transfer the goods and are expensed when revenue is recognized. The impact of this policy election is insignificant as it aligns with our current practice. Revenue is measured as the net amount of consideration expected to be received in exchange for fulfilling a performance obligation. We have elected to exclude sales, use and similar taxes from the measurement of the transaction price. The impact of this policy election is insignificant, as it aligns with our current practice. The amount of consideration expected to be received and revenue recognized includes estimates of variable consideration, which includes costs for trade promotion programs, coupons, returns, and early payment discounts. Such estimates are calculated using historical averages adjusted for any expected changes due to current business conditions and experience. We review and update these estimates at the end of each reporting period and the impact of any adjustments are recognized in the period the adjustments are identified. In assessing whether collection of consideration from a customer is probable, we consider the customer's ability and intent to pay that amount of consideration when it is due. Payment of invoices is due as specified in the underlying customer agreement, typically 30 days from the invoice date, which occurs on the date of transfer of control of the products to the customer. Revenue is recognized at the point in time that control of the ordered products is transferred to the customer. Generally, this occurs when the product is delivered, or in some cases, picked up from one of our distribution centers by the customer. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts to reflect our estimate of current and past due receivable balances that may not be collected. The allowance for doubtful accounts is based upon our assessment of the collectability of specific customer accounts, the aging of accounts receivable and our history of bad debts. We believe that the allowance for doubtful accounts is adequate to cover anticipated losses in the receivable balance under current conditions. However, significant deterioration in the financial condition of our customers, resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments, could materially change these expectations and an additional allowance may be required. Inventories We value inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value on an item-by-item basis and establish reserves equal to all or a portion of the related inventory to reflect situations in which the cost of the inventory is not expected to be recovered. This requires us to make estimates regarding the net realizable value of our inventory, including an assessment for excess and obsolete inventory. Once we establish an inventory reserve amount in a fiscal period, the reduced inventory value is maintained until the inventory is sold or otherwise disposed of. In evaluating whether inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, management considers such factors as the amount of inventory on-hand, the estimated time required to sell such inventory, the foreseeable demand within a specified time horizon and current and expected market conditions. Based on this evaluation, we record adjustments to cost of goods sold to adjust inventory to its net realizable value. These adjustments are estimates, which could vary significantly, either favorably or unfavorably, from actual requirements if future economic conditions, customer demand or other factors differ from expectations. Finished goods and goods in process include a provision for manufacturing overhead, including depreciation. 18 Table of Contents Accounting for Income Taxes We utilize the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. We recognize deferred tax liabilities or assets for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the book and tax basis of assets and liabilities. We regularly assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income. We consider projected future taxable income and ongoing tax planning strategies in assessing the amount of the valuation allowance necessary to offset our deferred tax assets that will not be recoverable. We have recorded and continue to carry a full valuation allowance against our gross deferred tax assets that will not reverse against deferred tax liabilities within the scheduled reversal period. If we determine in the future that it is more likely than not that we will realize all or a portion of our deferred tax assets, we will adjust our valuation allowance in the period we make the determination. We expect to provide a full valuation allowance on our future tax benefits until we can sustain a level of profitability that demonstrates our ability to realize these assets. At June 30, 2023, we carried a valuation allowance of 1.3 million against our net deferred tax assets. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets We assess the impairment of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An asset or asset group is considered impaired if its carrying amount exceeds the undiscounted future net cash flows the asset or asset group is expected to generate. If an asset or asset group is considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value. If estimated fair value is less than the book value, the asset is written down to the estimated fair value and an impairment loss is recognized. In fiscal year 2022 and 2023, we did generate positive cash flows from operations. However, if our long-term future results do not continue to yield positive cash flows in excess of the carrying amount of our long-lived assets, we would anticipate possible future impairments of those assets. Considerable management judgment is necessary in estimating future cash flows and other factors affecting the valuation of long-lived assets, including the operating and macroeconomic factors that may affect them. We use historical financial information, internal plans and projections and industry information in making such estimates. Non-GAAP Financial Measures Reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: Year ended June 30, 2023 2022 (in thousands) Net income 1,199 604 Plus interest expense, financing costs and income tax 348 342 Plus depreciation and amortization expense 354 306 Plus stock-based compensation expense 46 24 Adjusted EBITDA 1,947 1,276 As used herein, Adjusted EBITDA represents net income before interest income, interest expense and financing costs, depreciation, and stock-based compensation expense. We have excluded the non-cash expenses and stock-based compensation expense as they do not reflect the cash-based operations of the Company. Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure which is not required by or defined under GAAP. The presentation of this financial measure is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial measures prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, including the net income of the Company or net cash provided by operating activities. Management recognizes that non-GAAP financial measures have limitations in that they do not reflect all of the items associated with the Company s net income as determined in accordance with GAAP, and are not a substitute for or a measure of the Company s profitability or net earnings. Adjusted EBITDA is presented because we believe it is useful to investors as a measure of comparative operating performance and liquidity, and because it is less susceptible to variances in actual performance resulting from depreciation and amortization and non-cash charges for stock-based compensation expense and loss on disposal of assets. ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. Not applicable for a smaller reporting company. 19 Table of Contents ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Consolidated Financial Statements: Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms Auditor Firm ID (PCAOB Number F-2 - F-4 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 F-7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-9 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Luvu Brands, Inc. Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Luvu Brands, Inc. (the Company) as of June 30, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. We did not identify any critical audit matters that need to be communicated. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. Margate, Florida October 13, 2023 F-2 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Luvu Brands, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Luvu Brands, Inc. (the Company) as of June 30, 2022 and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2022 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. F-3 Table of Contents Valuation of inventory and inventory reserves As described in Notes 2 and 4 to the financial statements, the Company has inventories, net totaled to approximately 3.82 million as of June 30, 2022. Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is determined using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. The Company establishes reserves for excess and obsolete inventory for each accounting period and records any potential adjustments needed for the reserves. Auditing management s estimates of the net realizable value of inventories, including inventory reserves was highly judgmental due to the degree of subjectivity involved in assessing the inventory reserves which are based on prevailing circumstances and judgment for consideration of current events, such as economic conditions, that may affect inventory. To test the estimates for the net realizable value of inventories, including inventory reserves, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the reasonableness of the inputs used in management s inventory reserve calculation and analyzing the reserve calculations to determine whether management identified any evidence of slow-moving inventory or any obsolescence due to existing and potential changes in marketability which may impact the reserves. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2012. October 12, 2022 F-4 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 2023 2022 Assets: (in thousands, except share data) Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts and allowance for discounts and returns of in 2023 and in 2022 Inventories, net of allowance for excess or absolete inventory of in 2023 and in 2022 Other current assets Total current assets Equipment, property and leasehold improvements, net Finance lease assets Operating lease assets Deferred tax asset, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity: Current liabilities: Accounts payable Current debt Other accrued liabilities Operating lease liability Total current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities: Long-term debt Long-term operating lease liability Total noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (See Note 13) Stockholders equity (deficit): Preferred stock, shares authorized, par value none issued and outstanding Series A Convertible Preferred stock, shares authorized par value, shares issued and outstanding with a liquidation preference of as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Operations Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 2023 2022 (in thousands, except share data) Net Sales Cost of goods sold (excl. depreciation expense presented below) Gross profit Operating expenses: Advertising and promotion Other selling and marketing General and administrative Depreciation Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (expense): Interest expense and financing costs Total other income (expense) Income from operations before income taxes Benefit for income taxes Net income Net income per share: Basic Diluted Shares used in calculation of net income per share: Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity For the years ended June 30, 2022 and June 30, 2023 Series A Preferred Additional Total Stock Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity (in thousands, except share data) Balance, June 30, 2021 Stock-based compensation expense Stock option exercises Net income Ending balance, June 30, 2022 Stock-based compensation expense Stock option exercises Net income Ending balance, June 30, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-7 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 2023 2022 (in thousands) OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Provision for bad debt Provision for slow moving or obsolete inventory Change in deferred tax assets ) Amortization of operating lease asset Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventory Prepaid expenses and other assets Accounts payable Accrued expenses and interest Operating lease liability Accrued payroll and related Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Investment in equipment, software and leasehold improvements Net cash used in investing activities FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Borrowing (repayment) under revolving line of credit Repayment of unsecured line of credit Repayments under secured note payable Proceeds from unsecured notes payable Repayment of unsecured notes payable Payments on equipment notes Proceeds from exercise of stock options Principal payments on capital leases Net cash used in financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Non cash items: Purchases of equipment with equipment notes Finance lease asset obligation in exchange for lease payable Finance lease asset obligation in exchange for lease payable Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income taxes The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-8 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2023 and 2022 or more of consolidated net sales in the current and prior fiscal year and no particular concentration of credit risk in one economic sector. Foreign operations and foreign net sales are not material. Use of Estimates Revenue Recognition F-9 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2023 and 2022 Deferred revenues and , respectively, and was included in Other accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. Cost of Goods Sold Shipping and Handling Costs Cash and Cash Equivalents Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Allowance for doubtful accounts Allowance for discounts and returns Total accounts receivable, net F-10 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2023 and 2022 NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) Concentration of Credit Risk per bank. The Company had cash balances on deposit at June 30, 2023 and 2022 that exceeded the balance insured by the FDIC by and , respectively. Accounts receivable are typically unsecured and are derived from revenue earned from customers primarily located in North America and Europe. During 2023, we purchased of total inventory purchases from one vendor. During 2022, we purchased of total inventory purchases from one vendor. As of June 30, 2023, two of the Company s customers represent and of the total accounts receivables, respectively. As of June 30, 2022, two of the Company s customers represent and of the total accounts receivable, respectively. Sales to (and through) Amazon accounted for and of our net sales during each of the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 respectively. Fair Value of Financial Instruments F-11 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2023 and 2022 NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) Advertising Costs at June 30, 2023 and at June 30, 2022. Advertising expense for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. Which is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Research and Development for the year ended June 30, 2023 and for the year ended June 30, 2022. Property and Equipment - years. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments which extend the useful lives of property and equipment are capitalized. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. When properties are disposed of, the related costs and accumulated depreciation are removed from the respective accounts, and any gain or loss is recognized currently. Operating Leases . Under the new lease, the monthly rent on the facility is with annual escalations of with the final two months of rent at . In addition, the Company will pay the landlord a property management fee. The rent expense for the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 was and respectively. Which is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. F-12 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2023 and 2022 NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) Sales Channel Information Wholesale Other Total Net Sales F-13 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2023 and 2022 NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued) Wholesale Other Total Gross Profit Net Income Per Share Stock options 2015 Plan Total Income Taxes thousands we carried a valuation allowance of million against our remaining net deferred tax assets. Stock Based Compensation F-14 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2023 and 2022 Work in process Finished goods Total inventories Allowance for inventory reserves Total inventories, net of allowance - years Computer equipment and software - years Office equipment and furniture - years Leasehold improvements years Projects in process Subtotal Accumulated depreciation Equipment and leasehold improvements, net Depreciation expense was and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. F-15 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2023 and 2022 Accrued expenses and interest Other accrued liabilities Line of credit (Note 10) Short-term unsecured notes payable (Note 8) Current portion of equipment notes payable (Note 13) Current portion of finance leases payable (Note 13) Total current debt Long-term debt: Unsecured notes payable (Note 8) Equipment notes payable (Note 13) Finance leases payable (Note 13) Notes payable- related party (Note 9) Total long-term debt F-16 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2023 and 2022 13.5 Unsecured note, interest only, due July 31, 2023 (3) 13.5 Unsecured note, interest only, due October 31, 2023 (1) Total current debt Long-term debt: 13.5 Unsecured note, interest only, due July 31, 2023 (3) 13.5 Unsecured note, interest only, due October 31, 2023 (1) 13.5 Unsecured note, interest only, due May 1, 2025 (2) Total long-term debt Total unsecured notes payable (1) Unsecured note payable for to an individual with interest payable monthly at , principal originally due in full on October 31, 2014, extended to October 31, 2019, then extended to October 31, 2021. This note was repaid in full on October 31, 2021 and replaced with a new note from an entity controlled by the same lender with interest payable monthly at 13.5 , principal due in full on October 31, 2023. Personally guaranteed by principal stockholder. (2) Unsecured note payable for to an individual with interest payable monthly at , principal originally due in full on May 1, 2013, extended to May 1, 2019, then extended to May 1, 2021. This note was repaid in full on April 30, 2021 and replaced with a new note from an entity controlled by the same lender with interest payable monthly at 13.5 , principal due in full on May 1, 2023. This note was repaid in full on April 30, 2023 and replaced with a new note from an entity controlled by the same lender with interest payable monthly at 13.5 , principal due in full on May 1, 2025. Personally guaranteed by principal stockholder. (3) Unsecured note payable for to an individual with interest payable monthly at , principal originally due in full on July 31, 2013, extended to July 31, 2019, then extended to July 31, 2021. This note was repaid in full on July 30, 2021 and replaced with a new note from an entity controlled by the same lender with interest payable monthly at 13.5 , principal due in full on July 31, 2023. Personally guaranteed by principal stockholder. , due July 1, 2025 Unsecured note payable to an officer, with interest at , due July 1, 2025 Total unsecured notes payable Less: current portion Long-term unsecured notes payable F-17 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2023 and 2022 against and includes an Inventory Advance (as defined in the agreement) of up to the lesser of or of the eligible accounts receivable loan. The term of the agreement was one year, renewable for additional one-year terms unless either party provides written notice of non-renewal at least 90 days prior to the end of the current financing period. The credit facility is secured by our accounts receivable and other rights to payment, general intangibles, inventory and equipment, and are subject to eligibility requirements for current accounts receivable. Advances under the agreement are currently charged interest at a rate of prime rate plus over the lenders Index Rate. In addition, there is a Monthly Service Fee (as defined in the agreement) of currently 0.05 per month. The Company s President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO), Louis Friedman, has personally guaranteed the repayment of the facility. In addition, the Company has provided its corporate guarantee of the credit facility (see Note 14). On June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022, respectively the balance owed under this line of credit was and . As of June 30, 2023, we were current and in compliance with all terms and conditions of this line of credit. Management believes cash flows generated from operations, along with current cash and investments as well as borrowing capacity under the line of credit should be sufficient to finance capital requirements required by operations. If new business opportunities do arise, additional outside funding may be required. . The aggregate amount owed on the unsecured line of credit was at June 30, 2023 and at June 30, 2022. . Repayment of this note is by of , which includes interest at . This loan was repaid in full on February 17, 2022. The Company had granted Amazon a security interest in the assets of the Company. F-18 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2023 and 2022 years and the weighted average discount rate is . Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases at June 30, 2023 is as follows: Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases at June 30, 2023 is as follows: Current lease liabilities Operating lease obligations Non-current lease liabilities Long-term operating lease obligations Total lease liabilities Maturities of operating lease liabilities at June 30, 2023 are as follows: 2025 2026 2027 and thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: Present value discount Total operating lease liability balance Equipment Notes Payable The Company has acquired equipment under the provisions of long-term equipment notes. For financial reporting purposes, minimum note payments relating to the equipment have been capitalized. The equipment acquired with these equipment notes has a total cost of approximately . These assets are included in the fixed assets listed in Note 5 - Equipment and Leasehold Improvements and include production equipment. The equipment notes have stated or imputed interest rates ranging from to . F-19 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2023 and 2022 NOTE 13. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (continued) 2025 2026 2027 2028 Future Minimum Note Payable Payments Less Amount Representing Interest Present Value of Minimum Note Payable Payments Less Current Portion Long-Term Obligations under Equipment Notes Payable Finance Leases Payable The Company has lease obligations for equipment under the provisions of long-term finance leases. For financial reporting purposes, minimum lease payments relating to the equipment have been capitalized. The equipment acquired with these leases has a total cost of approximately . These assets are included in the finance lease and include production equipment. On July 1, 2020 the Company entered into finance lease agreement with Wells Fargo in the amount of with monthly payment of with 48-month term at an imputed interest rate of . On January 5, 2022 the Company entered into finance lease agreement with Raymond in the amount of with monthly payment of with 48-month term at an imputed interest rate of . The following is an analysis of the minimum finance lease payable payments subsequent to June 30, 2023: 2025 2026 Future Minimum Finance Lease Payable Payments Less Amount Representing Interest Present Value of Minimum Finance Lease Payable Payments Less Current Portion Long-Term Obligations under Finance Lease Payable Employment Agreements The Company has entered into an employment agreement with Louis Friedman, President and Chief Executive Officer. The agreement provides for an annual base salary of and eligibility to receive a bonus. In certain termination situations, the Company is liable to pay severance compensation to Mr. Friedman for up to nine months at his current salary. F-20 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2023 and 2022 NOTE 13. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (continued) (see Note 9). Interest on the note during the year ended June 30, 2023 was accrued by the Company at the prevailing prime rate (which is currently and totaled . The accrued interest on the note as of June 30, 2023 was . This note is subordinate to all other credit facilities currently in place. On October 30, 2010, Mr. Friedman, loaned the Company (see Note 9). Interest on the note during the year ended June 30, 2023 was accrued by the Company at the prevailing prime rate (which is currently and totaled . The accrued interest on the note as of June 30, 2023 was . This note is subordinate to all other credit facilities currently in place. The Company s CEO, Louis Friedman, has personally guaranteed the repayment of the loan obligation to Advance Financial Corporation (see Note 10 Line of Credit). In addition, Luvu Brands has provided its corporate guarantees of the credit facility. On June 30, 2023, the balance owed under this line of credit was . On July 20, 2011, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to an individual for . Terms of the promissory note call for monthly interest payments of (equal to interest at per annum), with the principal amount due in full on July 31, 2012; extended by the holder to under the same terms (see Note 8). This note was repaid in full on July 30, 2021 and replaced with a new note from an entity controlled by the same lender with interest payable monthly at , principal due in full on . Repayment of this promissory note is personally guaranteed by the Company s CEO and controlling shareholder, Louis S. Friedman. On October 31, 2013, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to an individual for . Terms of the promissory note call for monthly interest payments of (equal to interest at per annum) beginning on November 30, 2013, with the principal amount due in full on or before October 31, 2014 extended by the holder to (see Note 8). This note was repaid in full on October 31, 2021 and replaced with a new note from an entity controlled by the same lender with interest payable monthly at , principal due in full on . Repayment of the promissory note is personally guaranteed by the Company s CEO and majority shareholder, Louis S. Friedman. On May 1, 2012, an individual loaned the Company with an interest rate of . Interest on the loan is being paid monthly, with the principal due in full on May 1, 2013; then extended to (see Note 8). This note was repaid in full on April 30, 2021 and replaced with a new note from an entity controlled by the same lender with interest payable monthly at , principal due in full on . This note was repaid in full on April 30, 2023 and replaced with a new note from an entity controlled by the same lender with interest payable monthly at 13.5 , principal due in full on May 1, 2025. Mr. Friedman has personally guaranteed the repayment of the loan obligation. The Company has drawn a cash advance on one unsecured lines of credit that is in the name of the Company and Louis S. Friedman. The terms of this unsecured line of credit calls for monthly payments of principal and interest, with interest at . The aggregate amount owed on the unsecured line of credit was at June 30, 2023 and at June 30, 2022 (see Note 11). The loan is personally guaranteed by the Company s CEO and majority shareholder, Louis S. Friedman. F-21 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2023 and 2022 shares are reserved for issuance under the 2015 Plan until that Plan terminates on August 31, 2025. Under the 2015 Plan, eligible employees and certain independent consultants may be granted options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. The shares issuable under the 2015 Plan will either be shares of the Company s authorized but previously unissued common stock or shares reacquired by the Company, including shares purchased on the open market. As of June 30, 2023, the number of shares available for issuance under the 2015 Plan was . A summary of option activity under the Company s stock plan for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 is presented below: years Granted years Exercised Forfeited or Expired Outstanding at June 30, 2022 .0 years Granted - Exercised Forfeited or Expired Outstanding at June 30, 2023 .0 years Exercisable at June 30, 2023 years The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above is before applicable income taxes and represents the excess amount over the exercise price optionees would have received if all options had been exercised on the last business day of the period indicated, based on the Company s closing stock price of , , and at June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. There were no stock options granted during the year ended June 30, 2023 and stock options granted during the year ended June 30, 2022. During the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 the Company s proceeds from stock options exercise under 2015 Plan were and respectively. The range of fair value assumptions related to options granted during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were as follows: - Volatility: - Risk Free Rate: - Vesting Period: years Forfeiture Rate: Expected Life: - years Dividend Rate: F-22 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2023 and 2022 NOTE 15. STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) 0.05 0.15 to 0.20 0.30 Total stock options We account for stock-based compensation to employees in accordance with FASB ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. We measure the cost of each stock option and at its fair value on the grant date. Each award vests over the subsequent period during which the recipient is required to provide service in exchange for the award (the vesting period). The cost of each award is recognized as expense in the financial statements over the respective vesting period. All stock option grants made under the Plan were at exercise prices no less than the Company s closing stock price on the date of grant. Options under the Plan were determined by the board of directors in accordance with the provisions of the plan. The terms of each option grant include vesting, exercise, and other conditions are set forth in a Stock Option Agreement evidencing each grant. No option can have a life in excess of ten (10) years. The Company records compensation expense for employee stock options based on the estimated fair value of the options on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The model requires various assumptions, including a risk-free interest rate, the expected term of the options, the expected stock price volatility over the expected term of the options, and the expected dividend yield. Compensation expense for employee stock options is recognized ratably over the vesting term. The Company has no awards with market or performance conditions. Stock-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of operations for each of the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 is based on awards ultimately expected to vest. As of June 30, 2023, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to all unvested stock options was which is expected to be expensed over a weighted average period of years. In determining the grant date fair value of option awards under the equity incentive plans, the Company applied the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Based upon limited option exercise history, the Company has generally used the simplified method outlined in SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 110 to estimate the expected life of stock option grants. Management believes that the historical volatility of the Company s stock price on OTCQB best represents the expected volatility over the estimated life of the option. The risk-free interest rate is based upon published U.S. Treasury yield curve rates at the date of grant corresponding to the expected life of the stock option. An assumed dividend yield of zero reflects the fact that the Company has never paid cash dividends and has no intentions to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. F-23 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2023 and 2022 NOTE 15. STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (continued) Other Selling and Marketing General and Administrative Total Share Purchase Warrants As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, there were no share purchase warrants outstanding. Common Stock The Company s authorized common stock was shares at June 30, 2023 and 2022. Common shareholders are entitled to dividends if and when declared by the Company s Board of Directors, subject to preferred stockholder dividend rights. At June 30, 2023, the Company had reserved the following shares of common stock for issuance: Total shares of common stock equivalents During fiscal year 2023 and fiscal year 2022 the Company issued and shares of common stock respectively for stock option exercises under 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. Preferred Stock On February 18, 2011, the Company filed an amendment to its Articles of Incorporation, effective February 9, 2011, authorizing the issuance of preferred stock and the Company now has authorized shares of preferred stock, par value per share, of which shares have been designated and issued as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. Each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into one share of common stock and has a liquidation preference of in the aggregate). Liquidation payments to the preferred holders have priority and are made in preference to any payments to the holders of common stock. In addition, each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is entitled to the number of votes equal to the result of: (i) multiplied by 1.01; divided by (ii) the total number of Series A Convertible Preferred Shares issued and outstanding at the time of such vote. At each meeting of shareholders of the Company with respect to any and all matters presented to the shareholders of the Company for their action or consideration, including the election of directors, holders of Series A Convertible Preferred Shares shall vote together with the holders of common shares as a single class. F-24 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2023 and 2022 Allowance for doubtful accounts Stock-based compensation Net operating loss carry-forwards Total gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) Book to tax depreciation difference - Liability Net deferred tax assets The income tax provision differs from the amount of income tax determined by applying the U.S. federal and state income tax rates of 25 to pretax (income) loss from operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 due to the following: Permanent differences and change in tax rate estimate Valuation (allowance) Net tax benefit ) At June 30, 2023, the Company had net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards of approximately million that may be offset against future taxable income. During 2023 and 2022, the total change in the valuation allowance was approximately and , respectively. The majority of the Company s NOL Sbegin to expire in the year 2030. F-25 Table of Contents Luvu Brands, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements June 30, 2023 and 2022 with an interest rate of 13.5 paid monthly, with the principal due in full on July 31, 2023, was amended and extended with a new promissory note with an interest rate of , with the principal due in full on . Mr. Friedman has personally guaranteed the repayment of the loan obligation. F-26 Table of Contents ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. There are no events required to be disclosed under this Item. ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures. (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain certain disclosure controls and procedures as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. They are designed to help ensure that material information is: (1) gathered and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and financial officers, in a manner that allows for timely decisions regarding required disclosures; and (2) recorded, processed, summarized, reported and filed with the SEC as required under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and within the time periods specified by the SEC. Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2023. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of June 30, 2023 due to the material weakness below. To address these material weakness, management performed additional procedures to ensure the financial statements included herein fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. (b) Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company, and for performing an assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. For this purpose, internal control over financial reporting refers to a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and financial officers and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material adverse effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, within the meaning of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCOAB Audit Standard No. 5, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management has identified the following material weakness - Management failed to perform a complete assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023 based upon criteria in an Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) or alternative framework. (c) Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Except as set forth above, there were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter ended June 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. Other Information. None. 20 Table of Contents PART III. ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The following table sets forth the current officers and directors of Luvu Brands, Inc. Name Age Position Louis S. Friedman 71 Chief Executive Officer, President, Director Martin Scott 55 Chief Financial Officer Leslie S. Vogelman 71 Treasurer All directors serve for one-year terms until their successors are elected or they are re-elected at the annual shareholders meeting. Officers hold their positions at the pleasure of the board of directors. There is no arrangement, agreement or understanding between any of the directors or officers and any other person pursuant to which any director or officer was or is to be selected as a director or officer. Also, there is no arrangement, agreement or understanding between management and non-management shareholders under which non-management shareholders may directly or indirectly participate in or influence the management of our affairs. Directors are not presently compensated for their service on the board, other than the repayment of actual expenses incurred. There are no present plans to compensate directors for their service on the board. Background of Executive Officers and Directors Louis S. Friedman, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director. Mr. Friedman has served as President, Chief Executive Officer, and director since our merger with Old Liberator in October 2009. Prior to that, he served as Old Liberator s Chief Executive Officer and a director since June 2009, when OneUp Innovations, Inc. merged with Old Liberator in June 2009. Mr. Friedman founded OneUp in 2000. Before starting OneUp, Mr. Friedman was in business consulting, venture capital and private investing from 1990 to 2000. Earlier in his career, Mr. Friedman was Executive Vice President of Chemtronics, Inc., until its sale to Morgan Crucible in 1990. Mr. Friedman s experience as Chief Executive Officer and insight into our operations, our industry, and related risks as well as experience bringing consumer products to market were factors considered by our board of directors in concluding he should serve as a director of our Company. Martin Scott, Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Scott was appointed chief financial officer effective September 1, 2023. He has served as founder and executive officer of Martin Scott CFO Consulting Services Inc. since 2002. From March 2022 to January 2023, Mr. Scott served as chief financial officer of MGO Global, Inc. From 2018 to 2020, Mr. Scott served as principal accounting and financial officer of Puradyn Filter Technologies, Inc. Mr. Scott is a Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Scott graduated from Florida State University with a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and Finance. Leslie Vogelman, Treasurer. Ms. Vogelman joined the Company in October 2009 in connection with our merger with Old Luvu Brands, Inc. Prior to that, she served as Old Liberator s Treasurer since June 2009, when OneUp Innovations, Inc. merged with Old Liberator in June 2009. Ms. Vogelman joined OneUp at its inception in 2000 as Secretary and Treasurer. Ms. Vogelman holds a B.A. from the State University of New York in Binghamton and an M.B.A. from Adelphi University. The experience and background of our director, as summarized above, were significant factors in such director previously being nominated a director of the Company. Family Relationships Louis Friedman, our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, and Leslie Vogelman, our Treasurer, are husband and wife. There are no other relationships between the officers or directors of the Company. 21 Table of Contents Committees As of the date of this report, we have not established an audit committee or any other committee of the board of directors and, therefore, the responsibilities of such committees have been conducted by our board of directors as a whole. We may, in the future, establish an audit committee and/or other committees of the board of directors. We currently do not have any independent directors. Audit Committee Financial Expert In general, an audit committee financial expert is an individual who: understands generally accepted accounting principles and financial statements, is able to assess the general application of such principles in connection with accounting for estimates, accruals and reserves, has experience preparing, auditing, analyzing or evaluating financial statements comparable to the breadth and complexity of our financial statements, understands internal controls over financial reporting, and understands audit committee functions. Our board of directors has determined that Louis Friedman, our sole Director, is not an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of the foregoing definition. Diversity We only have one member on our board of directors, but we hope to add more members for a diverse board in terms of previous business experience and educational and personal background of the members of our board. While the Company does not have a policy regarding diversity of its board members, diversity is one of a number of factors that will be taken into account in identifying board nominees. Directors Compensation For the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, our directors did not receive any compensation in their capacity as a director. Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers, directors, and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership, and annual reports concerning their ownership of our common shares and other equity securities on Forms 3, 4, and 5 respectively. Executive officers, directors, and greater than 10 shareholders are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based on a review of the copies of such forms received by us, and to the best of our knowledge, there were no reports untimely filed during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. Code of Ethics During August 2023 we adopted a code of ethics. The code of ethics is filed as an exhibit to this Form 10-K annual report. The code applies to our officers, director, employees, and certain consultants. The code provides written standards that are designed to deter wrongdoing and promote: (i) honest and ethical conduct; (ii) full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure; (iii) compliance with applicable laws and regulations; (iv) promote reporting of internal violations of the code; and (v) accountability for the adherence to the code. A copy of our code of ethics may, upon request made to us in writing at the following address, be made available without charge: 2745 Bankers Industrial Drive, Atlanta, Georgia, 30360. 22 Table of Contents ITEM 11. Executive Compensation. Summary Compensation Table The following summary compensation table indicates the cash and non-cash compensation earned during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 by our named executive officers as defined in Item 402(a) of Regulation S-K (each an NEO ). Fiscal Salary Bonus Stock Awards Option Awards Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation All Other Comp- ensation Total Name and Principal Position Year ) ) ) )(1) ) ) ) Louis S. Friedman 2023 151,538 151,538 President, Chief Executive 2022 150,000 150,000 Officer and Chairman of the Board Alexander A. Sannikov 2023 150,000 150,000 Chief Financial Officer(2) 2022 31,154 50,000 (3 81,154 (1) The amounts reported in this column represent the full grant date fair value of stock awards in accordance with ASC 718, net of estimated forfeitures. (2) Resigned on September 1, 2023 effective with the appointment of Mr. Martin Scott as chief financial officer. (3) Forfeited effective September 1, 2023 upon Mr. Sannikov s resignation. Incentive and Non-qualified Stock Option and Stock Award Plans At June 30, 2023 we had options outstanding under the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. Please see Note 15 to the notes to our financial statements appearing elsewhere in this report for a description of the material terms of this plan. Employment Agreements The Company has entered into an employment agreement with Louis Friedman, President and Chief Executive Officer. The agreement provides for an annual base salary of 155,000 and eligibility to receive a bonus, should the Company implement a bonus plan for executives. Under the agreement, this executive employee may be terminated at any time with or without cause, or by reason of death or disability. In certain termination situations, the Company is liable to pay severance compensation to this executive for up to 9 months. The Company s wholly owned subsidiary, One Up, has entered into a one year employment agreement with Mr. Scott effective September 1, 2023, providing for a base salary of 126,000 per year. The agreement may be terminated by either party with or without cause on 30 day notice. In addition, Mr. Scott is eligible for Company benefits and will be entitled to indemnification to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. In addition; Mr. Scott entered into a Stock Option Agreement pursuant to the Company s 2015 Equity Incentive Plan granting him an incentive stock option for an aggregate of 200,000 shares of our common stock, 100,000 shares exercisable commencing on September 1, 2024 and the remaining 100,000 shares exercisable commencing on September 1, 2025, at an exercise price of 0.0812 per share. The options shall immediately vest upon the Company uplisting to a national exchange or in the event of a change of control of the Company, as defined under the Stock Option Agreement. The option is exercisable for a period of 5 years from the initial grant date. 23 Table of Contents ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. Our voting securities include shares of our common stock and our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The following table sets forth certain information known to us with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock by: all persons who are beneficial owners of five percent (5 or more of any class of our voting securities; each of our directors; each of our Named Executive Officers; and all current directors and executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our securities held by them. Applicable percentage ownership in the following table is based on 76,547,672 shares of common stock and 4,300,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of October 12, 2023. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, shares of common stock subject to options held by that person that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of October 12, 2023, are deemed outstanding. Such shares, however, are not deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Unless otherwise disclosed these persons address is c/o Luvu Brands, Inc., 2745 Bankers Industrial Drive, Atlanta, GA 30360. Title of Class Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class Common Louis S. Friedman 36,397,233 (1) 45.0 Common Martin Scott 0 (2) Common Leslie Vogelman 596,428 (3) Common All directors and executive officers as a group (3 persons) 36,993,661 45.8 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Louis S. Friedman 4,300,000 (4) 100.0 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Martin Scott 0 0.0 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Leslie Vogelman 0 0.0 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock All directors and executive officers as a group (3 persons) 4,300,000 (4) 100.0 Less than 1 (1) Includes 4,300,000 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of 4,300,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred stock at the discretion of the holder. Mr. Friedman owns 100 of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, each share of which has the number of votes equal to the result of: (i) the number of shares of common stock of the Company issued and outstanding at the time of such vote multiplied by 1.01; divided by (ii) the total number of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at the time of such vote. Accordingly, Mr. Friedman will own 71.2 of the combined voting power of the common stock and Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, voting as a single class and will control the outcome of any corporate transaction or other matter submitted to the shareholders for approval, including mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, and also the power to prevent or cause a change in control. The interests of Mr. Friedman may differ from the interests of the other shareholders. Mr. Friedman disclaims any beneficial ownership of shares held by Leslie Vogelman. (2) Excludes options to purchase 200,000 of common stock that are subject to vesting. (3) Ms. Vogelman disclaims any beneficial ownership of shares held by Louis S. Friedman. (4) Mr. Friedman owns 100 of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, each share of which has the number of votes equal to the result of: (i) the number of shares of common stock of the Company issued and outstanding at the time of such vote multiplied by 1.01; divided by (ii) the total number of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at the time of such vote. Accordingly, Mr. Friedman will own 71.1 of the combined voting power of the common stock and Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, voting as a single class and will control the outcome of any corporate transaction or other matter submitted to the shareholders for approval, including mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, and also the power to prevent or cause a change in control. The interests of Mr. Friedman may differ from the interests of the other shareholders. 24 Table of Contents Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans The following table sets forth securities authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plan approved by our shareholders as well as any equity compensation plans not approved by our stockholders as of June 30, 2023. Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a) (c) Plan category Plans approved by stockholders: 2015 Equity Incentive Plan 1,400,000 .10 300,000 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Related Party Transactions refer to Note 14 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Director Independence Our board of directors has determined that none of its current members qualifies as independent as the term is used in Item 407 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC or under Nasdaq s Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). 25 Table of Contents ITEM 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. The aggregate fees billed by our principal accountant for each of the last two fiscal years for Audit Fees, Audit-Related Fees, Tax Fees and All Other Fees are as follows: Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2023 2022 (in thousands) Audit Fees (1) 50 42 Audit-Related Fees (2) Tax Fees (3) All Other Fees (4) (1) Audit Fees This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and services that are normally provided by independent auditors in connection with the engagement for fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements. (2) Audit-Related Fees This category consists of assurance and related services by our independent auditors that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the SEC. (3) Tax Fees This category consists of professional services rendered by our independent auditors for tax compliance and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. (4) All Other Fees This category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. Our board of directors reviews and approves audit and permissible non-audit services performed by its independent accountants, as well as the fees charged for such services. In its review of non-audit service fees and its appointment of Liggett Webb P.A. (2022) and Assurance Dimensions (2023) as our independent accountants, the Board considered whether the provision of such services is compatible with maintaining independence. All of the services provided and fees charged by Liggett Webb P.A. and Assurance Dimensions were approved by the Board. 26 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. (a) Financial Statements; Schedules Our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 begin on page F-1 of this annual report. We are not required to file any financial statement schedules. (b) Exhibits. Incorporated by Reference Filed or Furnished No . Exhibit Description Form Date Filed Number Herewith 2.1 Merger and Recapitalization Agreement between WES Consulting, Inc., the majority shareholder of WES Consulting, Inc., Luvu Brands, Inc., and the majority shareholder of Luvu Brands, Inc., dated as of October 19, 2009 8-K 10/22/09 2.1 2.2 Stock Purchase and Recapitalization Agreement between OneUp Acquisition, Inc., Remark Enterprises, Inc., OneUp Innovations, Inc., and Louis S. Friedman, dated March 31, 2009 and fully executed on April 3, 2009 8-K/A 3/24/10 2.2 2.3 Amendment No. 1 to Stock Purchase and Recapitalization Agreement, dated June 22, 2009 8-K/A 3/24/10 2.3 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation SB-2 3/2/07 3i 3.2 Bylaws SB-2 3/2/07 3ii 3.3 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 8-K 2/23/11 3.1 3.4 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective February 28, 2011 8-K 3/3/11 3.1 3.5 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, effective November 5, 2015 8-K 11/5/15 3.5 4.1 Designation of Rights and Preferences of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. 8-K 2/23/11 4.1 10.1 Receivables Financing Agreement between One Up Innovations, Inc. and Advance Financial Corporation, dated May 24, 2011 10-K 10/12/11 10.17 10.2 Guarantee between Luvu Brands, Inc. and Advance Financial Corporation, dated May 24, 2011 10-K 10/12/11 10.18 10.3 Guarantee between Foam Labs, Inc. and Advance Financial Corporation, dated May 24, 2011 10-K 10/12/11 10.20 10.4 Guarantee between Louis S. Friedman and Advance Financial Corporation, dated May 24, 2011 10-K 10/12/11 10.21 10.5 Amended and Restated Receivable Financing Agreement between One Up Innovations, Inc. and Advance Financial Corporation, dated September 4, 2013 10-K 9/30/13 10.8 10.6 Form of promissory note 10-K 10/11/19 10.11 10.7 Employment Agreement between the Company and Louis Friedman dated January 27, 2021 8-K 2/2/11 10.3 10.8 2015 Equity Incentive Plan DEF14C 10/9/15 B 10.9 U.S. Small Business Administration Note by One Up Innovations, Inc. in favor of Ameris Bank 8-K 4/28/20 10.1 10.10 Lease Agreement between Goodsen Land Partners, LLC and OneUp Innovations, Inc. dated November 20, 2020 10-Q 11/12/20 10.1 10.11 Executive Employment Term Sheet dated September 1, 2023 between One Up Innovations, Inc. and Martin Scott 8-K 9/7/23 10.1 10.12 Stock Option Agreement between Luvu Brands, Inc. and Martin Scott dated September 1, 2023 8-K 9/7/23 10.2 14.1 Code of Ethics Filed 16.1 Letter from Liggett Webb P.A., dated November 3, 2022 8-K 11/3/22 16.1 19.1 Insider Trading Policy Filed 21.1 Subsidiaries 10-K 9/29/14 21.1 23.1 Consent of Liggett Webb P.A. independent registered public accounting firm Filed 23.2 Consent of Assurance Dimensions independent registered public accounting firm Filed 31.1 Section 302 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer Filed 31.2 Section 302 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer Filed 32.1 Section 906 Certificate of Chief Executive Officer Filed 32.2 Section 906 Certificate of Chief Financial Officer Filed 101.INS XBRL Instance Document Filed 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Filed 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Filed 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Filed 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document Filed 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Filed Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary. The Company elected not to provide the summary information. 27 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. LUVU BRANDS, INC. Date: October 13, 2023 By: /s/ Louis S. Friedman Louis S. Friedman, Chief Executive Officer and President Date: October 13, 2023 By: /s/ Martin Scott Martin Scott, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. NAME TITLE DATE /s/ Louis S. Friedman Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer, and President (Principal Executive Officer) October 13, 2023 Louis S. Friedman 28 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 luvu_ex231.htm
 CONSENT
 
 luvu_ex231.htm EXHIBIT 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 pertaining to the Luvu Brands, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan of our report dated October 12, 2022, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Luvu Brands, Inc. included in its Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended June 30, 2022. LIGGETT WEBB, P.A. Certified Public Accountants Boynton Beach, Florida October 13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 3
 luvu_ex232.htm
 CONSENT
 
 luvu_ex232.htm EXHIBIT 23.2 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in this Registration Statement on Form S-8 pertaining to the Luvu Brands, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan of our report dated October 13, 2023 with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Luvu Brands, Inc. included in its Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended June 30, 2023. /s/ Assurance Dimensions Assurance Dimensions Tampa, Florida October 13, 2023 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 luvu_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 luvu_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Louis S. Friedman, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Luvu Brands, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 13, 2023 /s/ Louis S. Friedman Louis S. Friedman Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 luvu_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 luvu_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Martin Scott, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Luvu Brands, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: October 13, 2023 /s/ Martin Scott Martin Scott Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 luvu_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 luvu_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION In connection with the annual report of Luvu Brands, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Louis S. Friedman, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. Date: October 13, 2023 /s/ Louis S. Friedman Louis S. Friedman Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 luvu_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 luvu_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION In connection with the annual report of Luvu Brands, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal ended June 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Martin Scott, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. Date: October 13, 2023 /s/ Martin Scott Martin Scott Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 luvu-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 luvu-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 luvu-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 luvu-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

