<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231116_10-K_edgar_data_728447_0000950170-23-064527.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22772701</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>502183</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2697093</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9854150</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3922559</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5286592</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-064527.hdr.sgml : 20231116
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231116163022
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-064527
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		116
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231116
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231116

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EVO Transportation & Energy Services, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000728447
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO DEALERS & GASOLINE STATIONS [5500]
		IRS NUMBER:				371615850
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54218
		FILM NUMBER:		231415013

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2075 WEST PINNACLE PEAK RD. SUITE 130
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85027
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-973-9191

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2075 WEST PINNACLE PEAK RD. SUITE 130
		CITY:			PHOENIX
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85027

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MINN SHARES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19830922

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-064527.txt : 20231116

10-K
 1
 evoa-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______________ to _____________ 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 

incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code : - 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title of class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the issuer is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of the last business day of the Registrant s 2023 second fiscal quarter was approximatel y million based on the price of .10 per share, the price at which the Registrant s common equity was last sold as of the last business day of the Registrant s 2023 second fiscal quarter as reported on the OTC Expert Market. 

APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS 
 As of November 16, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001, outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 ii 

PART I 
 1 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 5 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 19 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 19 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 19 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 
 19 

PART II 
 20 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 20 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 20 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 21 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 28 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 29 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 31 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 31 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 33 

PART III 
 34 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 34 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 38 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 43 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 49 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 50 

PART IV 
 52 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 52 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 53 

SIGNATURES 
 63 

i 

FORWARD-LOOKIN G STATEMENTS 
 
 This annual report on Form 10-K contains certain statements that may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and such statements are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. All statements, other than statements of historical or current fact, are statements that could be deemed forward-looking statements, including without limitation: any projections of earnings, revenues, or other financial items; our growth strategy and potential acquisition candidates; our relationship with the United States Postal Service; gasoline, diesel and natural gas prices; management s expectations regarding market trends and competition in the transportation industry, government tax credits and other incentives, insurance and environmental and safety considerations; and any statements of belief and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. When used in this report, the words anticipate , will , believe , expects , intends , estimates , projects , target , goals , plans , objectives , should , future, , seek , may , could , likely or similar expressions or the negative of these terms may identify forward-looking statements as they relate to EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation EVO, the Company, we, us or our ), its subsidiaries or management. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are based on information available to management at the time the statements are made and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause EVO s results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current view of management with respect to future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors (including the risks contained in the section entitled Risk Factors of this report) relating to the Company s industry, its operations and results of operations, and any businesses that may be acquired by it. These factors include, among other factors: 
 
 Our ability to recruit and retain qualified drivers; 

Future equipment (including tractor and box truck) prices, our equipment purchasing plans, and our equipment turnover (including expected tractor trade-ins); 

The expected freight environment, including freight demand and volumes; 

Future third-party service provider relationships and availability; 

Future contracted pay rates with independent contractors and compensation arrangements with drivers; 

Future supply, demand, use and prices of crude oil, gasoline, diesel, natural gas and other vehicle fuels, such as electricity, hydrogen, renewable diesel, biodiesel and ethanol; 

Our expectations regarding the market s perception of the benefits of conventional and renewable natural gas relative to gasoline and diesel and other alternative vehicle fuels and electronically powered vehicles, including with respect to factors such as supply, cost savings, environmental benefits and safety; 

The competitive environment in which we operate, and the nature and impact of competitive developments in our industry; 

Potential adoption of government policies or programs that favor vehicles or vehicle fuels other than natural gas, including long-standing support for gasoline and diesel-powered vehicles and growing support for electric and hydrogen-powered vehicles; 

The impact of, or potential for changes to, emissions requirements applicable to vehicles powered by gasoline, diesel, natural gas or other vehicle fuels, as well as emissions and other environmental regulations and pressures on crude oil and natural gas drilling, production, importing or transportation methods and fueling stations for these fuels; 

Developments in our products and services offering, including any new business activities we may pursue in the future; 

The success and importance of any acquisitions, divestitures, investments or other strategic relationships or transactions; 

The general strategies adopted by the USPS with respect to its third party surface transportation suppliers; 

The impacts of the COVID-19 global pandemic; 

ii 

General political, regulatory, economic and market conditions; 

Our need for and access to additional capital to fund our business or repay our debt, through selling assets or pursuing equity, debt or other types of financing; and 

The flexibility of our model to adapt to market conditions. 

The preceding list is not intended to be an exhaustive list of all of the topics addressed by our forward-looking statements and should be read in conjunction with other cautionary statements that are included herein or elsewhere. Although the forward-looking statements in this report reflect our good faith judgment based on available information, they are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, among others, those discussed in this report in Item 1A. Risk Factors. In addition, we operate in a competitive and rapidly evolving industry in which new risks emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of the risks we may face, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor or combination of factors could cause actual results to differ from our expectations. As a result of these and other potential risks and uncertainties, our forward-looking statements should not be relied on or viewed as predictions of future events. All forward-looking statements in this report are made only as of the date of this document and, except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking statements for any reason, including to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations. You should, however, review the factors and risks we describe in the reports we will file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC after the date we file this report. 
 We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by this cautionary note. 
 iii 

PART I 
 Item 1. B usiness. 
 
 Our Business 
 
 EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. EVO and, together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries, the Company is a truckload carrier serving the United States Postal Service USPS and other customers. We believe EVO is one of the largest surface transportation companies serving the USPS, with a diversified fleet of tractors, straight trucks and other vehicles that currently operate on either diesel fuel, gasoline or compressed natural gas CNG ). EVO also operates a brokerage unit that supports the truckload business and services other corporate customers. In select cases, EVO may subcontract the transportation of certain loads to third-party carriers. We operate from our headquarters in Phoenix, Arizona and from numerous terminals throughout the United States. 
 
 Historically, we have grown primarily through acquisitions and have also grown organically by obtaining new contracts from the USPS and other customers. 
 
 Service and Product Offering 
 
 Mail Transportation 
 
 We transport freight for the USPS and believe we are one of its largest ground transportation suppliers. We competitively bid on transportation contracts that specify the movement of freight between processing facilities, distribution centers and other postal locations. Customer contracts with the USPS are typically two to four years in term and may be renewed with the incumbent supplier if appropriate service has been performed in accordance with contract requirements including, but not limited to, USPS performance standards, McNamara-O Hara Service Contract Act SCA requirements, Department of Transportation DOT regulations (federal and state) and all other applicable local and state regulations and if the supplier continues to meet the requirements of the USPS. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we held over 200 contracts with the USPS. Of these contracts, 15 were Dynamic Route Optimization DRO contracts and EVO believes it is one of the largest service providers of this contract type. Our mail transportation operations generated 278.5 million in revenue in 2022, or 90 of our total revenues. 
 
 Freight and Brokerage Services 
 
 In addition to our USPS mail transportation and delivery services, we provide freight and brokerage services to a variety of corporate customers. Our freight and brokerage services generated 31.2 million of revenues in 2022, or 10 of our total revenues. 
 
 History 
 
 The Company was incorporated in the State of Delaware on October 22, 2010 under the name Minn Shares Inc. From December 2010 until November 2016, Minn Shares Inc. was considered a public shell company and dedicated its operations to seeking a potential merger or acquisition partner. On November 22, 2016, Minn Shares Inc. and Titan CNG LLC, a Delaware limited liability company in the business of owning and operating compressed natural gas fueling stations Titan ), entered into an agreement and plan of securities exchange whereby the members of Titan acquired approximately 90 of Minn Shares Inc. outstanding shares. Following the closing, the business plan of Titan became the business plan of Minn Shares Inc. and all former officers of Minn Shares Inc. resigned and were replaced by officers designated by Titan. On August 31, 2017, the Company changed its name from Minn Shares Inc. to EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. 
 
 Following the November 2016 public shell reverse merger transaction, the Company s primary strategy was to seek growth through acquisitions. The Company completed the following acquisitions subsequent to November 2016: 
 
 On February 1, 2017, EVO acquired Environmental Alternative Fuels, LLC and its wholly owned subsidiary, EVO CNG, LLC. EVO CNG, LLC is engaged in the business of operating compressed natural gas fueling stations. 

On June 1, 2018, EVO acquired Thunder Ridge Transport, Inc. Thunder Ridge ). Thunder Ridge is based in Springfield, Missouri and is engaged in the truckload carrier business. 

On November 16, 2018, EVO acquired W.E. Graham, Inc., a trucking company based in Memphis, Tennessee and is engaged in the truckload carrier business. 

1 

On January 2, 2019, EVO acquired Sheehy Mail, Inc. Sheehy ). Sheehy is based in Waterloo, Wisconsin and is engaged in the truckload carrier business. 

On February 1, 2019, EVO acquired Ursa Major Corporation Ursa and J.B. Lease Corporation JB Lease ). Ursa and JB Lease are based in Oak Creek, Wisconsin and are engaged in the truckload carrier business. 

On July 15, 2019, EVO acquired Courtlandt and Brown Enterprises L.L.C. Courtlandt and Finkle Transport Inc. Finkle ). Finkle and Courtlandt are based in Newark, New Jersey and are engaged in the truckload carrier business. 

On September 16, 2019, EVO acquired John W. Ritter, Inc. JWR ), Ritter Transportation Systems, Inc. Ritter Transportation ), Ritter Transport, Inc. Ritter Transport ), and Johmar Leasing Company, LLC Johmar, and together with JWR, Ritter Transportation, and Ritter Transport, the Ritter Companies ). The Ritter Companies are based in Laurel, Maryland and are engaged in the truckload carrier business. 

Strategy 
 
 Two of the top USPS priorities for its supply base are on-time service scores and safety performance. The USPS demands a 95 on-time service score for its suppliers and a satisfactory safety rating, including real-time reporting requirements for accidents. EVO s USPS strategy is anchored around high-performance execution in both of these areas: providing flawless operational excellence and minimizing omitted trips and performing with a best-in-class safety record. We have a dedicated contracting team focused not only on bidding on new contracts but more importantly, providing concierge level service and responding to any and all inquiries from the USPS on a real-time basis. We believe that by executing on these priorities, EVO will continue to be a favored USPS supplier, maximizing new bid opportunities and contract renewal prospects. 
 
 Over the past few years the USPS has consolidated the number of carriers it utilizes and EVO expects further consolidation of this transportation supplier base as the USPS redesigns its network under its Delivering for America plan. As the USPS affects a number of contracting, technology and programmatic changes and requirements, we believe it may become more difficult for suppliers to meet the raised USPS standards. We believe EVO s scale and resources surpass many of our competitors and best position us to successfully bid on large and more complex solicitations. EVO has invested significantly in information systems and personnel that allow us to better manage our USPS contracts and generate data to support day-to-day operations. For example, implementation of a transportation management system (TMS) and a telematics platform has allowed us to meet the scheduling and reporting needs of the USPS. These capabilities are likely to only grow in criticality as the USPS continues to upgrade and transition its systems into the future. EVO plans to continue to invest in solutions that allow us to better compete for additional USPS business currently provided by other suppliers. 
 The USPS adopted a robust environmental sustainability plan that includes a stated commitment to reducing greenhouse gas emissions through increased procurement of services from alternative fuels carriers. We intend to continue to evaluate additional vehicles powered by alternative energy, including electrically powered vehicles. We believe our shared commitment with the USPS to reducing emissions positions the Company to grow our business relationship with the USPS in the future. 
 Additionally, the Company was an early participant in the DRO (now LRO) program with the USPS. We believe our existing relationship with the USPS and experience with the LRO program provide the Company additional competitive advantages when bidding on these contracts. 
 
 In addition to serving the USPS, EVO plans to accelerate its customer diversification efforts, both organically and inorganically through M A activity. Utilizing our technology platform, fleet, and network, EVO plans to grow its non-USPS business through new customer acquisition and growth of existing customer accounts. By having a more balanced customer base, EVO will be able to better redeploy its capacity and minimize the impact of any losses of USPS contracts or another individual customer s business. 
 Market Overview 
 
 Competition 
 
 In fiscal year 2022, our largest customer, the USPS spent over 6 billion on ground transportation and transportation services. The USPS ground transportation industry is highly competitive and fragmented. As of 2022, the USPS had over 1,800 local distribution and processing network transportation suppliers. EVO competes primarily with other transportation companies 
 2 

for contracts with the USPS, including both asset and asset-light companies. We believe the USPS is looking to further reduce the number of counterparties it transacts with. 
 The USPS awards its contracts through a competitive bid process and often opts to renew contracts with incumbent service providers if appropriate services have been performed and pricing is competitive with the market. The Company believes that the principal differentiating factors in its business relative to competition, are service, efficiency, technology, pricing, and alternative fuels capabilities. Additionally, the Company was an early participant in the DRO (now LRO) program with the USPS. We believe our existing relationship with the USPS and experience with the LRO program provide the Company additional competitive advantages when bidding on these contracts. 
 More generally, EVO also competes with other trucking and asset light freight companies for the business of non-USPS freight customers. 
 Our Target Customers 
 
 The USPS is our primary customer, but we also seek to provide truckload and brokerage services to other non-USPS corporate clients. While EVO will continue to bid on new USPS contract solicitations, it is focused strategically on adding new customers and growing its non-USPS revenue base to create a more balanced book of business. 
 Principal Customers and Suppliers 
 
 The USPS is the Company s primary customer, and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the USPS accounted for approximately 90 and 87 , respectively, of the Company s revenue. As a result, the Company s trucking operations are highly dependent on the USPS. For a discussion of the risks associated with the possible loss of the USPS as a customer or a significant reduction in the Company s relationship with the USPS, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors of this report. 
 
 Safety and Risk Management 
 
 The Company considers safety, risk and regulatory compliance to be a key focus of all operations. Through this focus, the Company is consistently identifying risks, developing a proactive approach to improving overall safety performance and reducing employee injuries. Of the many tools used by the Company, items such as on-board cameras, trucks equipped with accident-avoidance devices, and training on defensive driving continue to be effective in reducing vehicle accidents and injuries. 
 
 Because the Company s primary business is transportation on public roadways, we are regulated by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration FMCSA ), a division of the DOT, and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA ). The Company operates its business to exceed the requirements of these agencies, and currently maintains a Satisfactory rating with the FMCSA. 
 
 The primary safety related risks associated with the transportation industry consist of damage to Company equipment or third parties involved in a vehicle accident, personal injury to others involved in an accident and injuries sustained to employees. The Company maintains insurance coverage for all operations to exceed the requirements of the FMCSA, and reviews its coverage on an annual basis. 
 
 To the extent that the Company subcontracts any portion of its business to third-party trucking companies, those companies operate under their own DOT authority, and provide their own liability and workers compensation insurance, which the Company has the right to audit. All third-party trucking companies contracted with the Company must meet the Company's insurance and safety requirements. All third-party trucking companies must also list the Company as additional insured on all insurance policies and contain a Waiver of Subrogation on their workers' compensation policies. 
 
 Fuel 
 
 In 2022, we used approximately 9.0 million gallons of diesel and approximately 1.0 million gas gallon equivalents GGEs of CNG. Our fuel costs are typically passed on to customers. 
 The Company actively manages its fuel purchasing network in an effort to maintain adequate fuel supplies and reduce its fuel costs. The Company primarily purchases its fuel through a network of retail truck chains with which it has negotiated volume purchasing discounts. The Company seeks to reduce its fuel costs by routing its drivers to truck stops with which the Company has negotiated volume purchase discounts when fuel prices at such stops are lower than the bulk rate paid for fuel at the Company s terminals. The Company stores fuel in above-ground storage tanks at some of its facilities. As of December 31, 
 3 

2022 and 2021, the Company had no liabilities related to commodity hedging instruments recorded in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Shortages of fuel, increases in fuel prices, or rationing of petroleum products could have a material adverse effect on the Company s operations and profitability. 
 Operations 
 
 Fleet 
 
 We operate an active fleet of over 900 power units and 1,500 trailers with a mix of owned and leased assets and we also utilize short-term rental agreements for some of our fleet. Our vehicles currently operate on either diesel fuel, gasoline and CNG, and we are also pursuing opportunities to introduce other alternative fuel vehicles, including electric vehicles, into our fleet. We intend to continue to replace our existing fleet with more efficient diesel, CNG and other alternative fuel vehicles. 
 
 Operations Centers 
 
 We manage regional operations centers with major centers of operations in Oak Creek, Wisconsin, Austin, Texas, Laurel, Maryland, and Newark, New Jersey. Other significant operations centers include Des Moines, Iowa, Columbus, Ohio, St. Louis, Missouri, Madison, Wisconsin, Atlanta, Georgia and Indianapolis, Indiana. 
 
 Technology 
 
 We utilize a suite of systems for transportation management, electronic logging, customer relationship management, brokerage, maintenance, accounting, recruiting, HR, payroll and camera systems. These systems include Omnitracs, Salesforce, NetSuite, Ten Street, APlus, Lytx and others. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 During the fourth quarter, the Company typically experiences surges pertaining to online holiday shopping the length of the holiday season (shopping days between Thanksgiving and Christmas) and benefits from holiday surge pricing on USPS contracts. The Company s freight trucking operations and, in general, the transportation industry, experience slower seasonal activity in the first quarter. Freight revenues in the first quarter are typically lower due to less consumer demand, fewer revenue earning days, consumers reducing shipments following the holiday season and inclement weather. At the same time, operating costs generally increase, and tractor productivity decreases during the winter months due to decreased fuel efficiency, increased cold weather-related equipment maintenance and repairs, and increased accident claims and costs due to higher accident frequency from adverse road conditions. 
 
 Government Regulation and Environmental Matters 
 
 The Company s operations are regulated and licensed by various federal, state and local government agencies. The Company and its drivers must comply with the safety and fitness regulations of the DOT and the agencies within the states that regulate transportation, including those regulations relating to operating authority, safety, drug- and alcohol-testing, hours-of-service, hazardous materials transportation, financial reporting, testing and specification of equipment and product-handling requirements. Weight and equipment dimensions also are subject to government regulations. The Company is subject to regulations relating to fuel emissions, environmental protection, drivers hours-of-service, driver eligibility requirements, on-board reporting of operations, collective bargaining, ergonomics and other matters affecting safety, insurance and operating methods. Other agencies, such as the United States Environmental Protection Agency EPA and the United States Department of Homeland Security DHS ), also regulate the Company s equipment, operations, drivers and the environment. 
 
 The DOT, through the FMCSA, imposes safety and fitness regulations on the Company and its drivers, including rules that restrict drivers' hours-of-service. The FMCSA has adopted a data-driven Compliance, Safety and Accountability CSA program as its safety enforcement and compliance model. The CSA program holds motor carriers and drivers accountable for their role in safety by evaluating and ranking fleets and individual drivers on certain safety-related standards. To promote improvement in all CSA categories, including those both over and under the established scoring threshold, the Company has procedures in place to address areas where it has exceeded the thresholds and the Company periodically reviews all safety-related policies, programs and procedures for their effectiveness and revises them, as necessary, to establish improvement targets. The Company believes its established policies, programs and procedures are adequate to address safety-related concerns but can give no assurance these measures will be effective. The FMCSA issues three categories of safety ratings: satisfactory, conditional and unsatisfactory. All operating authorities granted by the DOT that are operated by the Company currently have a satisfactory FMCSA rating. 
 
 4 

The Company is also subject to various labor laws and regulations. The contracts that the Company holds with USPS are subject to the SCA that is administered by the Department of Labor (the DOL ). The SCA, among other things, requires that the Company pay its drivers a minimum hourly wage as determined by the DOL as well as provide a bona fide fringe benefit package to its drivers. 
 
 The Company is also subject to various environmental laws and regulations governing, among other matters, the operation of fuel storage tanks, release of emissions from its vehicles (including engine idling) and facilities, and adverse impacts to the environment, including to the soil, groundwater and surface water. The Company has implemented programs designed to monitor and address identified environmental risks. Historically, the Company s environmental compliance costs have not had a material adverse effect on its results of operations. 
 
 Employees 
 	 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 1,760 employees, consisting of 1,200 full-time employees and 560 part-time employees. The Company employed 1,491 drivers as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Company Website 
 
 The Company s website may be accessed at www.evotransinc.com. All of our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission can be accessed free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after filing. This includes annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports filed or furnished on Form 8-K and all related amendments. 
 Item 1A. Ris k Factors. 
 
 Risks Related to the Company 
 
 If we do not generate substantial revenue or obtain sufficient additional capital, we may be unable to pursue our objectives. This raises substantial doubt related to our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 As disclosed in the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report, numerous factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Specific factors include the following: 
 our historical operating losses, net losses and cash used in operations; 

continued net losses during 2021 and 2022 after excluding the nonrecurring revenue that resulted from the USPS settlement agreements and the nonrecurring gains that resulted from the extinguishment of certain debt obligations; 

continued cash used in operations during 2021 and 2022 after excluding the nonrecurring cash receipts that resulted from the USPS settlement agreements; 

continued working capital deficit and stockholders deficit as of September 30, 2023; 

the structure of our factoring arrangement; 

existing defaults on certain of our debt obligations; and 

uncertainty regarding our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 

If we are unable to improve our liquidity position, we might be unable to continue as a going concern. This could significantly reduce or eliminate the value of our investors investment in the Company. 
 
 Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and our ability to fulfill our obligations and operate our business. 
 
 We have incurred significant liabilities, and our ongoing capital needs are extensive relative to our current cash position. Unless we are able to restructure some or all of our outstanding debt and/or raise sufficient capital to fund continued operations and our debt obligations, we may be unable to pay these obligations as they become due. In the past, we have been unable to pay our obligations as they have become due. 
 
 We have a history of losses and may incur additional losses in the future. 
 
 In 2022, we incurred a net loss of 18.2 million, which included a 5.3 million pre-tax loss on the extinguishment of certain debt obligations. In 2021, we reported net income of 14.3 million, which included 34.8 million of nonrecurring pre-tax revenue resulting from the USPS settlement agreements, as well as a 11.0 million pre-tax gain on the extinguishment of certain debt obligations. We may continue to incur losses, the amount of our losses may increase, and we may never achieve or sustain profitability, any of which would adversely affect our business, prospects and financial condition and may cause the price of 
 5 

EVO's common stock to fall. In addition, to try to achieve or sustain profitability, we may take actions that result in material costs or material asset or goodwill impairments. 
 
 We have identified seven material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and may identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal control, which may result in material misstatements of our financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we identified seven deficiencies in internal control that are considered to be material weaknesses and other deficiencies that are considered to be significant deficiencies. A deficiency in internal control exists when the design or operation of a control does not allow management or employees, in the normal course of performing their assigned functions, to prevent or detect and correct misstatements on a timely basis. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies in internal controls, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the entity s financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies in internal control that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those charged with governance. In addition, management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described in Item 9A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As a result, we will be required to expend significant resources to develop the necessary documentation and testing procedures required by Section 404, and there is a risk that we will not comply with all of the necessary requirements. The material weaknesses may result in material misstatements of our financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations. Additionally, if we cannot remediate the material weaknesses in internal controls or if we identify additional material weaknesses in internal controls that cannot be remediated in a timely manner, investors and others with whom we do business may lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, and in our ability to obtain equity or debt financing could suffer. 
 
 In addition, while we expend significant resources in developing the necessary documentation and testing procedures required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, there is a risk that we may not be able to comply timely with all of the requirements imposed by this rule. If we are unable to timely comply with all of these requirements, potential investors might deem our financial statements to be unreliable and our ability to obtain additional capital could suffer. 
 
 We are heavily reliant on our factoring arrangement, and any reductions to our ability to obtain credit under the factoring arrangement could significantly impact our liquidity. 
 
 We obtain liquidity under an accounts receivable factoring arrangement with Triumph Business Capital (the Factor ). Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, from time to time, we sell to the Factor certain of our accounts receivable balances on a recourse basis for approved accounts. The Factor remits 95 of the contracted accounts receivable balance for a given month to us with the remaining balance, less fees, to be forwarded once the Factor collects the full accounts receivable balance from the factoring customer. This is one of our primary sources of liquidity. 
 
 The Factor has no obligation to purchase the full amount of accounts receivable balances or unearned future contract amounts that we offer to sell, and there can be no assurance that the Factor will continue to purchase accounts receivable or unearned future contract amounts at the same levels as it has in the past. If the Factor determines in its sole discretion to decrease the amount it advances under the factoring arrangement or to terminate the factoring agreement entirely and we are unable to obtain a replacement source of credit on substantially similar terms, it would significantly decrease our liquidity, which would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 We may need substantial additional capital to fund our growth plans and operate our business. 
 
 We may require substantial additional capital to fund our capital expenditures, service our debt, refinance existing debt, fund strategic relationships, respond to competitive pressures and to otherwise execute on our business plan. The most likely sources of such additional capital are private placements and public offerings of shares of our capital stock, including shares of EVO s common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for EVO s common stock, debt financing or funds from potential strategic transactions. We may seek additional capital from available sources, which may include hedge funds, private equity funds, venture capitalists, lenders/banks and other financial institutions, as well as additional private placements. Any financings in which we sell shares of our capital stock will likely be dilutive to our current stockholders. If we raise additional capital by incurring debt, a portion of our cash flow would have to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on such indebtedness. In addition, typical loan agreements also might contain restrictive covenants that may impair our operating flexibility. Such loan agreements, loans or debentures would also provide for default under certain circumstances, such as failure to meet certain financial covenants. A default under a loan agreement could result in the loan becoming immediately due and payable and, if unpaid, a judgment in favor of such lender which would be senior to the rights of our stockholders. A 
 6 

judgment creditor would have the right to foreclose on any of our assets resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 
 Our ability to raise additional capital may depend in part on our success in meeting sales and operating goals. We currently have no committed sources of additional capital and there is no assurance that additional financing will be available in the amounts or at the times required, or if it is, on terms acceptable or favorable to us. If we are unable to obtain additional financing when and if needed, our business will be materially impacted and our investors may lose the value of their entire investment. 
 
 In the event of an economic downturn or disruption in the credit markets, our indebtedness could place us at a competitive disadvantage in terms of our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, and prevent us from meeting our debt obligations compared to our competitors that are less leveraged. 
 
 This could have negative consequences that include: (i) increased vulnerability to adverse economic, industry or competitive developments; (ii) cash flows from operations that are committed to payment of principal and interest, thereby reducing our ability to use cash for our operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities; (iii) increased interest rates that would affect our variable rate debt; (iv) potential noncompliance with financial covenants, borrowing conditions and other debt obligations, where applicable; (v) lack of financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product development, debt service requirements and general corporate or other purposes; and (vi) limits on our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business, market conditions or in the economy. 
 
 We may experience impairment of our long-lived assets and our goodwill. 
 
 Long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment, are tested for impairment whenever circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. Long-lived assets are considered impaired if the carrying value of the asset exceeds the sum of the future expected undiscounted cash flows to be derived from the asset. We also periodically evaluate our goodwill for potential impairment. When we perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test, we compare the fair value of the reporting unit to the carrying value, which includes goodwill. If the carrying value is higher than the fair value, the goodwill is considered impaired. Once an asset is considered impaired, an impairment loss is recorded within operating expense for the difference between the asset s carrying value and its fair value. For assets held and used in the business, management generally determines fair value using estimated future cash flows to be derived from the asset, discounted to a net present value using an appropriate discount rate. For assets held for sale or for investment purposes, management determines fair value by estimating the proceeds to be received upon sale of the asset, less disposition costs. 
 
 We depend on certain key personnel, and our operating performance may be adversely impacted by the loss of any such key personnel. 
 
 Our ability to execute our business plans and objectives depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. Competition for personnel is intense and there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain personnel. In particular, we are dependent upon the services of our management team. Our inability to utilize and retain the services of our management team members could have an adverse effect on us and there would likely be a difficult transition period in finding replacements for any of them. The execution of our strategic plan will place increasing demands on our management and operations. If we lose or are unable to obtain the services of key personnel, our ability to manage our business and implement our strategic plan could be delayed or hindered, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are controlled by our principal stockholder, Antara Capital Master Fund LP, and it appointed two directors to the EVO board of directors. 
 
 Our principal stockholder beneficially owns a substantial majority of our outstanding common stock and it appointed two directors to the EVO board in June 2022. Accordingly, it has the ability to exert substantial influence over our business affairs, including electing directors, appointing officers, determining officers compensation, issuing additional equity securities or 
 7 

incurring additional debt, effecting or preventing a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction and amending our articles of incorporation. 
 
 We incur significant costs to comply with public company reporting requirements and other costs associated with being a public company. 
 
 We incur significant costs associated with our public company reporting requirements and other rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Compliance with such rules and regulations increases our administrative costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costlier as compared to our peers that are not subject to public company reporting requirements. As a public company, we are required to comply with rules and regulations of the SEC, including expanded disclosure and more complex accounting rules. We also must implement additional finance and accounting systems, procedures and controls to satisfy these reporting requirements. In addition, we hire additional legal and accounting staff and consultants to enable us to comply with these reporting requirements. These costs could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and could limit our ability to realize our objectives. 
 
 Risks Related to the Company s Operations 
 
 We derive substantially all of our revenue from one customer, the loss of which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Approximately 90 of our 2022 revenue was generated from the USPS. The loss or reduction of business from this customer would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Economic conditions may adversely affect the USPS and its ability to remain solvent. The United States Government Accountability Office has in the past described the USPS s financial condition as deteriorating and unsustainable. The USPS s financial difficulties can negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition and our ability to comply with the covenants in our debt agreements, especially if the USPS were to delay or default on payments to us. 
 
 There can be no assurance that our relationship with the USPS will continue as presently in effect. In 2021, the USPS announced its Delivering for America plan to transform the USPS. If we are not able to achieve its business objectives while adhering to the USPS s initiatives under that plan, there would likely be a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 Additionally, our contracts with the USPS are terminable for convenience by the USPS upon advance notice ranging from 60 days for some contracts to 180 days for DRO contracts. A default in performance by us under one USPS contract can constitute a cross-default allowing the USPS to terminate some or all of our other contracts with the USPS. A reduction in, or termination of, our services by the USPS would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 We have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements. If we are unable to obtain additional capital on favorable terms or at all, we may not be able to execute on our business plans and our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our business is capital intensive. Capital expenditures focus primarily on equipment replacement and, to a lesser extent, facilities, equipment growth and investments in information technology. We also expect to devote substantial financial resources to grow our operations and fund our acquisition activities. As a result of our funding requirements, we may need to raise funds through the sale of additional equity or debt securities or seek additional financing through other arrangements to increase our cash resources. Any sale of additional equity or debt securities may result in dilution to its stockholders. Public or private financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 
 
 If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate our growth initiatives or future acquisition activities, which could adversely affect its business, financial condition and operating results. In such case, we may also operate our existing equipment (including tractors and trailers) for longer periods, which would result in increased maintenance costs, which would in turn reduce our operating income. 
 
 We may not successfully manage our recent and planned growth. 
 
 We have expanded our business through acquiring additional companies that provide contract trucking services to the USPS and leveraging our expanded operations to bid on additional USPS trucking contracts. We plan to continue to expand through acquisitions, bidding on additional USPS trucking contracts and expanding both our freight and brokerage operations in the future. Any expansion of operations we have undertaken or may undertake entail and will entail risks and such actions may involve specific operational activities that may negatively impact our profitability. Consequently, investors must assume the 
 8 

risk that (i) such expansion may ultimately involve expenditures of funds beyond the resources available to us at that time, and (ii) management of such expanded operations may divert management s attention and resources away from its existing operations. These factors may have a material adverse effect on our present and prospective business activities. 
 
 We may not make acquisitions in the future, which could impede growth, or if we do, we may not be successful in integrating any acquired businesses, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Historically, a key component of our growth strategy has been to pursue acquisitions of complementary businesses. Our growth could be impeded if we do not make any acquisitions. If we make acquisitions, we can make no assurances that we will be successful in negotiating, consummating or integrating the acquisitions. If we succeed in consummating future acquisitions, our business, financial condition and results of operations, may be materially adversely affected because: 
 
 some of the acquired businesses may not achieve anticipated revenue, earnings or cash flows; 

we may assume liabilities that were not disclosed to us or otherwise exceed our estimates; 

we may be unable to integrate acquired businesses successfully, or at all, and realize anticipated economic, operational and other benefits in a timely manner, which could result in substantial costs and delays or other operational, technical or financial problems; 

acquisitions could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and divert our resources; 

we may experience difficulties operating in markets in which we have had no or only limited direct experience; 

we may incur transactions costs and acquisition-related integration costs; 

we could lose customers, employees and drivers of any acquired company; 

we may incur additional indebtedness; and 

we may issue additional shares of EVO s common stock, which would dilute the ownership of our then-existing stockholders. 

Failure to successfully implement our cost and revenue initiatives could cause our future financial results to suffer. 
 
 We are implementing various cost and revenue initiatives to further increase our profitability, including advanced pricing analytics and revenue management tools, cross-selling to strategic accounts, process improvements, workforce productivity and further back-office optimization. If we are not able to successfully implement these cost and revenue initiatives, our future financial results may suffer. 
 
 Our business is affected by general economic and business risks that are largely beyond our control. 
 
 The trucking industry is cyclical and is dependent on a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. We believe that some of the most significant of these factors are economic changes that affect supply and demand in transportation markets in general, including excess tractor capacity in comparison with shipping demand and recessionary economic cycles. 
 
 We are also subject to cost increases outside of our control that could materially reduce our profitability if we are unable to increase our rates sufficiently. Such cost increases include, but are not limited to, increases in fuel prices, driver wages, subcontractor rates, interest rates, taxes, tolls, license and registration fees, insurance, equipment and healthcare for our employees. 
 
 Our suppliers business levels also may be negatively affected by adverse economic conditions or financial constraints, which could lead to disruptions in the supply and availability of equipment, parts and services critical to our operations. A significant interruption in the normal supply chain for equipment or parts could disrupt our operations, increase our costs and negatively impact our ability to serve our customers. 
 
 Additional events outside of our control, such as strikes or other work stoppages at our facilities or at customer, port, border or other shipping locations, or actual or threatened armed conflicts or terrorist attacks, efforts to combat terrorism, military action against a foreign state or group located in a foreign state, or heightened security requirements could lead to reduced economic demand, reduced availability of credit or temporary closing of the shipping locations or U.S. borders. Such events or enhanced security measures in connection with such events could impair our operating efficiency and productivity and result in higher operating costs. 
 9 

The trucking industry is highly competitive and fragmented, and our business and results of operations may suffer if we are unable to adequately address downward pricing and other competitive pressures. 
 
 We compete with many truckload carriers of varying sizes, including some that may have greater access to equipment, a wider range of services, greater capital resources, less indebtedness or other competitive advantages. We also compete with smaller, regional service providers that cover specific shipping lanes or that offer niche services. Numerous competitive factors could impair our ability to maintain or improve profitability. These factors include the following: 
 
 many of our competitors periodically reduce their freight rates to gain business, especially during times of reduced growth in the economy, which may limit our ability to maintain or increase freight rates, may require us to reduce our freight rates or may limit our ability to maintain or expand our business; 

some shippers, including the USPS, have reduced or may reduce the number of carriers they use by selecting core carriers as approved service providers and in some instances we may not be selected; 

many customers, including the USPS, solicit bids from multiple carriers for their shipping needs, which may depress freight rates or result in a loss of business to competitors; 

the continuing trend toward consolidation in the trucking industry may result in more large carriers with greater financial resources and other competitive advantages, and we may have difficulty competing with them; 

advances in technology may require us to increase investments in our equipment and systems in order to remain competitive, and our customers may not be willing to accept higher freight rates to cover the cost of these investments; 

we may have higher exposure to litigation risks as compared to smaller carriers; and 

smaller carriers may build economies of scale with procurement aggregation providers, which may improve the smaller carriers abilities to compete with us. 

Driver shortages and increases in driver compensation could adversely affect our profitability and ability to maintain or grow our business. 
 
 Driver shortages could require us to spend more to attract and retain drivers. The market for qualified drivers is intensely competitive, which may subject us to increased payments for driver compensation. Also, because of the competition for drivers, we may face difficulty maintaining or increasing our number of drivers. Compliance and enforcement initiatives included in the CSA program implemented by the FMCSA and regulations of the DOT relating to driver time and safety and fitness could also reduce the availability of qualified drivers. In addition, we experience regular driver turnover, which requires us to continually recruit a substantial number of drivers in order to operate our existing equipment. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain a sufficient number of drivers, we could be required to operate with fewer trucks and face difficulty meeting customer demands or be forced to forego business that would otherwise be available to us, which could adversely affect our profitability and ability to maintain or grow our business. 
 
 Increased prices for, or decreases in the availability of, new equipment, design changes of new engines, future use of autonomous tractors and volatility in the value of used equipment could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We are subject to risk with respect to higher prices for new tractors and trailers. We have at times experienced an increase in prices for new tractors and trailers and the resale value of the tractors have not always increased to the same extent. Prices have increased and may continue to increase, due, in part, to (i) government regulations applicable to newly manufactured tractors and diesel engines, (ii) increases in commodity prices, (iii) shortages of component parts, such as semiconductors, and (iv) and due to the pricing discretion of equipment manufacturers in periods of high demand. Compliance with EPA regulations has increased the cost of our new tractors and could impair equipment productivity, result in lower fuel mileage and increase our operating expenses. These adverse effects, combined with the uncertainty as to the reliability of the vehicles equipped with the newly designed diesel engines and the residual values realized from the disposition of these vehicles, could increase our costs or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations as the regulations become effective. Furthermore, future use of autonomous tractors could increase the price of new tractors and decrease the value of used non-autonomous tractors. 
 
 A depressed market for used equipment could require us to trade our revenue equipment at depressed values or to record losses on disposal or impairments of the carrying values of our revenue equipment that is not protected by residual value arrangements. Used equipment prices are subject to substantial fluctuations based on freight demand, supply of new and used equipment, 
 10 

availability and terms of financing, the presence of buyers for export to foreign countries and commodity prices for scrap metal. If there is a deterioration of resale prices, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have seen a softening of the used equipment market recently. 
 
 Certain of our revenue equipment financing arrangements have balloon payments at the end of the finance terms equal to the values we expect to be able to obtain in the used market. To the extent the used market values are lower than such balloon payments, we may be forced to sell the equipment at a loss and our results of operations would be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Insurance and claims expenses could significantly reduce our profitability. 
 
 We are exposed to claims related to cargo loss and damage, property damage, personal injury, workers compensation, group health and group dental. We have insurance coverage with third-party insurance carriers, but we assume a significant portion of the risk associated with these claims due to our self-insured retention and deductibles, which can make our insurance and claims expense higher or more volatile. Additionally, we face the risks of increasing premiums and collateral requirements and the risk of carriers or underwriters leaving the transportation sector, which may materially affect our insurance costs or make insurance more difficult to find, as well as increase our collateral requirements. We could experience increases in our insurance premiums in the future if we decide to increase our coverage or if our claims experience deteriorates. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to changing conditions and pricing in the insurance marketplace and the cost or availability of various types of insurance may change dramatically in the future. If our insurance or claims expense increases, and we are unable to offset the increase with higher freight rates, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Our results of operations may also be materially and adversely affected if we experience a claim in excess of our coverage limits, a claim for which coverage is not provided or a covered claim for which our insurance company fails to perform. 
 
 If we are required to accrue or pay additional amounts because claims prove to be more severe than our recorded liabilities, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We accrue the costs of the uninsured portion of pending claims based on estimates derived from our evaluation of the nature and severity of individual claims and an estimate of future claims development based upon historical claims development trends. Actual settlement of our retained claim liabilities could differ from our estimates due to a number of uncertainties, including evaluation of severity, legal costs and claims that have been incurred but not reported. Due to our high retained amounts, we have significant exposure to fluctuations in the number and severity of claims. If we are required to accrue or pay additional amounts because our estimates are revised or the claims ultimately prove to be more severe than originally assessed, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We face litigation risks that could have a material adverse effect on the operation of our business. 
 
 Our business is subject to the risk of litigation by employees, applicants, subcontractors, customers, vendors, government agencies, stockholders and other parties through private actions, class actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions and other processes. We and our peers are subject to lawsuits alleging violations of various federal and state wage and hour laws regarding, among other things, minimum wage, meal and rest periods, overtime eligibility and failure to pay for all hours worked. A number of these lawsuits have resulted in the payment of substantial settlements or damages by other carriers. 
 
 The cost to defend, settle and resolve litigation may be significant. Not all claims are covered by our insurance (including wage and hour claims), and there can be no assurance that our coverage limits will be adequate to cover all amounts in dispute. To the extent we experience claims that are uninsured, exceed our coverage limits, involve significant aggregate use of our retention amounts, or cause increases in future premiums, the resulting expenses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may be subject, and have been subject in the past, to litigation resulting from trucking accidents. The number and severity of litigation claims may be worsened by distracted driving by both truck drivers and other motorists. These lawsuits have resulted, and may result in the future, in the payment of substantial settlements or damages and increases of our insurance costs. 
 
 We rely significantly on our information technology systems, a disruption, failure or security breach of which or an inability to keep pace with technological advances could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We rely on information technology throughout all areas of our business to initiate, track and complete deliveries; process financial and nonfinancial data; compile results of operations for internal and external reporting; and achieve operating efficiencies and growth. Each of our information technology systems may be susceptible to various interruptions, including equipment or network failures, failed upgrades or replacement of software, user error, power outages, natural disasters, cyber-attacks, theft or misuse of data, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, hackers, or other security breaches. We may in the future experience security breaches and other interruptions of our information technology systems despite our best efforts to prevent 
 11 

them. Our efforts to mitigate exposure to these risks through the establishment and maintenance of technology security programs and disaster recovery plans may not be sufficient. A significant disruption, failure or security breach in our information technology systems, or those of our technology and communications services vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, which could include operational disruptions, loss of confidential information, external reporting delays or errors, legal claims or damage to our business reputation. 
 
 We also could experience an inability to keep pace with technological advances, resulting in our information technology platforms becoming obsolete or our competitors developing related or similar service offerings more effective than ours. Furthermore, we make strategic investments in technology that naturally entail risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. For example, we may not be able to derive value from strategic investments or we may incur higher than expected costs in realizing a return on such investments or overestimate the benefits that we receive or realize from such investments. Therefore, we cannot provide assurance that any of our strategic investments will generate anticipated financial returns. If our strategic investments fail to meet our expectations, our business and results of operations may be adversely impacted. 
 
 In addition, we are currently dependent on a single vendor platform to support certain information technology functions. If the stability or capability of such vendor is compromised and we were forced to migrate to a new platform, it could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Some of our employees work remotely, which may increase the cybersecurity risks to our business, including an increased demand for information technology resources, increased risk of phishing, and other cybersecurity attacks. 
 
 We have, and will continue to have, a portion of our employee population that works from home full-time or under flexible work arrangements, and we have provided associates with expanded remote network access options which enable them to work outside of our corporate infrastructure and, in some cases, use their own personal devices, which exposes us to additional cybersecurity risks. Our employees working remotely may expose us to cybersecurity risks through: (i) unauthorized access to sensitive information as a result of increased remote access, including our employees use of Company-owned and personal devices and videoconferencing functions and applications to remotely handle, access, discuss, or transmit confidential information, (ii) increased exposure to phishing and other scams as cybercriminals may, among other things, install malicious software on our systems and equipment and access sensitive information, and (iii) violation of international, federal or state-specific privacy laws. We believe that the increased number of employees working remotely has incrementally increased our cyber risk profile, but we are unable to predict the extent or impacts of those risks at this time. A significant disruption of our information technology systems, unauthorized access to or loss of confidential information, or legal claims resulting from our violation of privacy laws could each have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our agreements with subcontracted operators expose us to risks that we do not face with our company drivers. 
 
 We rely, in part, upon independent subcontractors to perform the services for which we contract with customers. Our reliance on subcontractors creates numerous risks for our business. If our subcontractors fail to meet our contractual obligations or otherwise fail to perform in a manner consistent with our requirements, we may be required to utilize alternative service providers at potentially higher prices or with some degree of disruption of the services that we provide to customers. If we fail to deliver on time, if our contractual obligations are not otherwise met, or if the costs of our services increase, then our profitability and customer relationships could be harmed. 
 
 The financial condition and operating costs of our subcontractors are affected by conditions and events that are beyond our control and may also be beyond their control. Adverse changes in the financial condition of the subcontractors or increases in their equipment or operating costs could cause them to seek higher revenues or to cease their business relationships with us. The prices we charge our customers could be impacted by such issues, which may in turn limit pricing flexibility with customers, resulting in fewer customer contracts and decreasing our revenues. 
 
 If one of our subcontractors is subject to negative publicity, it could reflect on us and have a material adverse effect on our business, brand and financial performance. Under certain laws, we could also be subject to allegations of liability for the activities of our subcontractors. 
 
 Subcontractors are third-party service providers, as compared to company drivers who are employed by us. As independent business owners, the subcontractors may make business or personnel decisions that conflict with our best interests. For example, if a load is unprofitable, route distance is too far from home or personal scheduling conflicts arise, a subcontractor may deny loads of freight from time to time. In these circumstances, we must be able to timely deliver the freight in order to maintain relationships with our customers. 
 12 

If our employees were to unionize, our operating costs could increase and our ability to compete could be impaired. 
 
 None of our employees are currently represented under a collective bargaining agreement; however, we always face the risk that our employees will try to unionize. Further, Congress or one or more states could approve legislation and/or the National Labor Relations Board (the NLRB could render decisions or implement rule changes that could significantly affect our business and our relationship with employees, including actions that could substantially liberalize the procedures for union organization. In addition, we can offer no assurance that the Department of Labor will not adopt new regulations or interpret existing regulations in a manner that would favor the agenda of unions. We believe the applicability of the SCA to our employees reduces the likelihood of organizational activity. 
 
 Any attempt to organize by our employees could result in increased legal and other associated costs and divert management attention, and if we entered into a collective bargaining agreement, the terms could negatively affect our costs, efficiency and ability to generate acceptable returns on the affected operations. In particular, the unionization of our employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects because: 
 
 restrictive work rules could hamper our efforts to improve and sustain operating efficiency and could impair our service reputation and limit our ability to provide next-day services; 

a strike or work stoppage could negatively impact our profitability and could damage customer and employee relationships; and 

an election and bargaining process could divert management s time and attention from our overall objectives and impose significant expenses. 

Higher health care costs and labor costs could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 With the passage in 2010 of the United States Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (the PPACA ), we are required to provide health care benefits to all full-time employees who meet certain minimum requirements of coverage and affordability, or otherwise be subject to a payment per employee based on the affordability criteria set forth in the PPACA. Additionally, some states and localities have passed laws mandating the provision of certain levels of health benefits by some employers. The PPACA also requires individuals to obtain coverage or face individual penalties, so employees who are currently eligible but have elected not to participate in the health care plans offered by us may ultimately find it more advantageous to do so. It is also possible that by making changes or failing to make changes in the health care plans we offer, we will have difficulty attracting and retaining employees, including drivers. The costs and other effects of these healthcare requirements may significantly increase our health care coverage costs and could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Seasonality and the impact of weather and other catastrophic events adversely affect our trucking operations and profitability. 
 
 Our tractor productivity decreases during the winter season because inclement weather impedes operations. At the same time, operating expenses increase due to, among other things, a decline in fuel efficiency because of engine idling and adverse road conditions that creates higher accident frequency, increased accident claims and higher cold weather-related equipment maintenance and repair expenditures. We may also suffer from weather-related or other events, such as tornadoes, hurricanes, blizzards, ice storms, floods, fires, earthquakes and explosions, which may disrupt fuel supplies, increase fuel costs, disrupt freight shipments or routes, affect regional economies, destroy our assets or the assets of our customers or otherwise adversely affect the business or financial condition of our customers, any of which could adversely affect our results or make our results more volatile. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic, other similar outbreaks and government responses thereto may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The continued spread and impact of novel coronavirus COVID-19 and government responses thereto might materially negatively impact our future results of operations and financial condition. COVID-19 has created, and any other outbreaks of similar contagious diseases or other adverse public health developments could create, significant volatility, uncertainty and economic disruption. COVID-19 or another similar outbreak could negatively impact our business in numerous ways, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 
 our revenue may be reduced due to a decrease in demand for our services or the transportation markets in general as a result of the global economic downturn; 

our operations may be disrupted or impaired if a significant portion of our drivers or other employees are unable to work due to illness; 

13 

we may experience a loss of business or increased costs resulting from supply chain disruptions and changing transportation needs caused by the nationwide emergency response to the pandemic; 

we may experience workforce issues and incur severance payments as a result of adjusting our workforce to market conditions, and we may subsequently experience retention issues and driver shortages; 

our management may be distracted as they are focused on mitigating the effects of COVID-19 on our business operations while protecting the health of our workforce, which has required, and will continue to require, a large investment of time and resources; and 

we may be at greater risk for cybersecurity issues, as digital technologies may become more vulnerable and experience a higher rate of cyberattacks in the current and continuing environment of remote connectivity. 

The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts us will depend on numerous evolving factors and future developments that we are not able to predict, including: the geographic scope, severity and duration of the pandemic; governmental, business and other actions in response to the pandemic (which could include limitations on our operations or mandates to provide services in a specified manner); the impact of the pandemic on economic activity; the response of the overall economy and the financial markets; expenses we have incurred and may incur in the future in connection with our response to the pandemic; the health of and the effect on our workforce and our ability to meet staffing needs; and the potential effects on our internal controls, including those over financial reporting, as a result of changes in working environments. In 2020, services we provide the USPS were deemed essential such that we were required to continue operations during lockdowns and similar restrictive measures limiting business activity generally. 
 
 In response to the spread of COVID-19, we modified our business practices for the continued health and safety of our employees. Specifically, we implemented measures to enhance the sanitization process of our equipment and properties, increased the social distancing of our employees by working remotely where possible, and provided driving associates with personal protective equipment PPE ). We may take further actions, or be required to take further actions, that are in the best interests of our employees in the future. The implementation of health and safety practices, including federal or state vaccine mandates and similar measures, could impact our productivity and costs, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the focus on managing and mitigating the impacts of COVID-19 on our business may cause us to divert or delay the application of our resources toward existing or new initiatives or investments, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 
 To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also exacerbate many of the other risks set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including those relating to our financial performance and debt obligations. There are no comparable recent events that provide guidance as to the effect the COVID-19 global pandemic may have, and as a result, the ultimate impact of the pandemic is highly uncertain and subject to change. 
 
 We may be adversely affected by fluctuations in the price or availability of diesel fuel and gasoline. 
 
 Fuel is one of our largest operating expenses. Fuel prices fluctuate greatly due to factors beyond our control, such as political events, price and supply decisions by oil producing countries and cartels, terrorist activities, environmental laws and regulations, armed conflicts, depreciation of the dollar against other currencies, world supply and demand imbalances, and hurricanes and other natural or man-made disasters, each of which may lead to an increase in the cost of fuel. Such events may lead not only to increases in fuel prices, but also to fuel shortages and disruptions in the fuel supply chain. Because our operations are dependent upon fuel, significant fuel cost increases, shortages or supply disruptions could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Although our customers generally reimburse us for fuel expenses, the calculations of those reimbursements typically lag the change in the Department of Energy's fuel index. As a result, those reimbursements might be for amounts lower than our fuel costs as fuel prices fluctuate. 
 
 Costs associated with our use of natural gas vehicles NGVs could exceed the related benefits that we are able to realize, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Higher costs associated with purchasing and repairing NGVs might exceed any benefits attributable to our use of NGVs. For example, there are a limited number of original equipment manufacturers of NGVs and the engines, fuel tanks and other equipment required to upfit a gasoline or diesel engine to run on natural gas, which can increase costs related to purchasing and repairing NGVs as well limit the supply of NGVs available to purchase and therefore our ability to add to our fleet. Also, some of the higher costs of owning and operating NGVs have historically been offset by federal and state government incentives, including those that offset part or all of the additional up-front cost to acquire NGVs or convert vehicles to run on natural gas, those that waive vehicle weight limits for NGVs, and those that offer tax credits. However, those incentives may not continue. If those government incentives are discontinued or not renewed, our operating costs could significantly increase. 
 14 

In addition to potential increases in expenses and other operating costs related to our use of NGVs, if technologies are developed that either reduce the emissions in gasoline and diesel-powered vehicles or improve the operating capabilities of electric, solar or other alternative fuel technology vehicles, the benefits of NGVs could be significantly reduced. Any such reduction could adversely affect our ability to retain existing freight contracts when they are up for renewal and receive new contracts, which would adversely impact our financial performance. 
 
 Risks Related to Regulatory and Governmental Matters 
 
 The trucking industry is highly regulated and changes in existing laws or regulations, or liability under existing or future laws or regulations, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and profitability. 
 
 We operate in the United States pursuant to operating authority granted by the DOT. We, along with our leased labor drivers, must also comply with governmental regulations regarding safety, equipment, environmental protection and operating methods. Examples include regulation of equipment weight, equipment dimensions, fuel emissions, driver hours-of-service, driver eligibility requirements and on-board reporting of operations. We may become subject to new or more restrictive regulations relating to such matters that may require changes in our operating practices, influence the demand for transportation services or require us to incur significant additional costs. Possible changes to laws and regulations include: 
 
 increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations, including changes intended to address fuel efficiency and greenhouse gas emissions that are attributed to climate change; 

restrictions, taxes or other controls on emissions; 

regulation specific to the energy market and logistics providers to the industry; 

changes in the hours-of-service regulations, which govern the amount of time a driver may drive in any specific period; 

driver and vehicle electronic logging device requirements; 

requirements leading to accelerated purchases of new tractors, trucks or trailers; 

mandatory limits on vehicle weight and size; 

driver hiring restrictions; 

increased bonding or insurance requirements; and 

security requirements imposed by the DHS. 

From time to time, various legislative proposals are introduced, including proposals to increase federal, state or local taxes, including taxes on motor fuels and emissions, which may increase our or our subcontracted providers operating costs, require capital expenditures or adversely impact the recruitment of drivers. In addition, we could lose revenue if our customers divert business from us because we have not complied with their sustainability guidelines or requirements. 
 
 Safety-related evaluations and rankings under the CSA program could adversely impact our relationships with our customers and our ability to maintain or grow our fleet, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and profitability. 
 
 The CSA program includes compliance and enforcement initiatives designed to monitor and improve commercial motor vehicle safety by measuring the safety record of both the motor carrier and the driver. These measurements are scored and used by the FMCSA to identify potential safety risks and to direct enforcement action. The FMCSA issues three categories of safety ratings: satisfactory, conditional and unsatisfactory. As of December 31, 2022, all DOT operating authority numbers operated by us currently have a satisfactory FMCSA rating. 
 
 Our CSA scores are dependent upon our safety and compliance experience, which could change at any time. In addition, the safety standards prescribed in the CSA program or the underlying methodology used by the FMCSA to determine a carrier s safety rating could change and, as a result, our ability to maintain an acceptable score could be adversely impacted. If the FMCSA adopts rulemakings in the future that revise the methodology used to determine a carrier s safety rating in a manner that incorporates more stringent standards, then our CSA scores could be adversely affected. If we receive an unacceptable CSA score, our relationships with customers could be damaged, which could result in a loss of business or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 
 15 

The CSA program affects drivers because their safety performance and compliance impact their safety records and, while working for a carrier, will impact their carrier s safety record. The methodology for determining a carrier s DOT safety rating relies upon implementation of Behavioral Analysis and Safety Improvement Categories BASIC applicable to the on-road safety performance of the carrier s drivers and certain of those rating results are provided on the FMCSA s Carrier Safety Measurement System website. As a result, certain current and potential drivers may no longer be eligible to drive for us, our fleet could be ranked poorly as compared to our peers, and our safety rating could be adversely impacted. The occurrence of future deficiencies could affect driver recruiting and retention by causing high-quality drivers to seek employment (in the case of company drivers) or contracts (in the case of third-party drivers) with other carriers, or could cause our customers to direct their business away from us and to carriers with better fleet safety rankings, either of which would adversely affect our results of operations and productivity. Additionally, we may incur greater than expected expenses in our attempts to improve our scores as a result of poor rankings. Those carriers and drivers identified under the CSA program as exhibiting poor BASIC scores are prioritized for interventions, such as warning letters and roadside investigations, either of which may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 The requirements of CSA could also shrink the trucking industry s pool of drivers if drivers with unfavorable scores leave the industry. As a result, the costs to attract, train and retain qualified drivers could increase. A shortage of qualified drivers could also increase driver turnover, decrease asset utilization, limit growth and adversely impact our results of operations and profitability. 
 
 We are subject to environmental and worker health and safety laws and regulations that may expose us to significant costs and liabilities and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, competitive position and financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to stringent and comprehensive federal, state and local environmental and worker health and safety laws and regulations governing, among other matters, the operation of fuel storage tanks, release of emissions from our vehicles (including engine idling) and facilities, the health and safety of our workers in conducting operations and adverse impacts to the environment. Under certain environmental laws, we could be subject to strict liability, without regard to fault or legality of conduct, for costs relating to contamination at we own or operate or previously owned or operated and at third-party sites where we disposed of waste, as well as costs associated with the clean-up of releases arising from accidents involving our vehicles. We often operate in industrial areas, where truck terminals and other industrial activities are located, and where soil, groundwater or other forms of environmental contamination have occurred from historical or recent releases and for which we may incur remedial or other environmental liabilities. We also maintain aboveground fuel storage tanks at some of our facilities and vehicle maintenance operations at certain of our facilities. Our operations involve the risks of fuel spillage or seepage into the environment, environmental damage and unauthorized hazardous material spills, releases or disposal actions, among others. 
 
 Increasing efforts to control air emissions, including greenhouse gases, may have an adverse effect on us. Federal and state lawmakers have implemented various climate change initiatives and greenhouse gas regulations and may implement additional initiatives in the future, all of which could increase the cost of new tractors, impair productivity and increase our operating expenses. 
 
 Compliance with environmental laws and regulations may also increase the price of our equipment and otherwise affect the economics of our business by requiring changes in operating practices or by influencing the demand for, or the costs of providing, transportation services. For example, regulations issued by the EPA and various state agencies that require progressive reductions in exhaust emissions from diesel engines have resulted in higher prices for tractors and diesel engines and increased operating and maintenance costs. Also, in order to reduce exhaust emissions, some states and municipalities have begun to restrict the locations and amount of time where diesel-powered tractors may idle. These restrictions could require us to alter our drivers behavior, purchase on-board power units that do not require the engine to idle or face a decrease in productivity. We are also subject to potentially stringent rulemaking related to sustainability practices, including conservation of resources by decreasing fuel consumption. This increased focus on sustainability practices may result in new regulations and/or customer requirements that could adversely impact our business. Historically, our environmental compliance costs have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations; however, there can be no assurance that such costs will not be material in the future or that future compliance will not have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 
 If we have operational spills or accidents or if we are found to be in violation of, or otherwise liable under, environmental or worker health or safety laws or regulations, we could incur significant costs and liabilities. Those costs and liabilities may include the assessment of sanctions, including administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of investigatory, remedial or corrective action obligations, the occurrence of delays in permitting or performance of projects, and the issuance of orders enjoining performance of some or all of our operations in a particular area. The occurrence of any one or more of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, competitive position and financial condition. Environmental and worker health and safety laws are becoming increasingly more stringent and there can be no assurances that compliance with, or liabilities under, existing or future environmental and worker health or safety laws or regulations will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or prospects. 
 
 16 

If our subcontractors are deemed by regulators or judicial process to be employees, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Tax and other regulatory authorities have in the past sought to assert that subcontractors in the trucking industry are employees rather than independent contractors. Taxing and other regulatory authorities and courts apply a variety of standards in their determination of independent contractor status. If our subcontractors are determined to be employees, we would incur additional exposure under federal and state tax, workers compensation, unemployment benefits, labor, employment and tort laws, including for prior periods, as well as potential liability for employee benefits and tax withholdings. 
 
 Potential inquiries into or audits of our Paycheck Protection Program loan, as well as the results of any such inquiries or audits, could have a significant adverse effect on us and our financial condition. 
 
 We applied for and received a 10 million Paycheck Protection Program PPP loan under the CARES Act. On May 8, 2020, we received a letter from the Select Subcommittee on the Coronavirus Crisis of the U.S. House of Representatives demanding that we return the PPP loan. We elected not to return the PPP loan proceeds as requested and our PPP loan was subsequently forgiven. Also, the United States Small Business Administration SBA has stated that it intends to audit the PPP loan application of any company, like us, that received PPP loan proceeds of more than 2 million. Our decision to retain the PPP loan may require members of our management team to devote attention to future correspondence and requests from the Select Subcommittee, the SBA, or other regulators, which would reduce the amount of time available to management to focus on our operations and strategic initiatives. If we are later determined to have violated any of the laws or governmental regulations that apply to us in connection with the PPP loan, or it is otherwise determined that we were ineligible to receive the PPP loan, we may be subject to penalties, including significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Securities 
 
 Shares of EVO's common stock are thinly-traded on OTC-Expert, and our stockholders may be unable to sell their shares. 
 
 The shares of EVO s common stock are thinly-traded on OTC-Expert, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our shares of common stock at or near ask prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. There can be no assurance that a broader or more active trading market will ever develop or, if developed, that it will be sustained. There can be no assurance that EVO s stockholders will ever be able to resell their shares at or near ask prices or at all. 
 
 The price of EVO's common stock could be highly volatile. 
 
 EVO s common stock will be subject to price volatility, low volumes of trades and large spreads in bid and ask prices quoted by market makers. Due to the low volume of shares traded on any trading day, persons buying or selling in relatively small quantities may easily influence prices of EVO s common stock. This low volume of trades could also cause the price of our stock to fluctuate greatly, with large percentage changes in price occurring in any trading day session. Holders of EVO s common stock may also not be able to readily liquidate their investment or may be forced to sell at depressed prices due to low volume trading. If high spreads between the bid and ask prices of EVO s common stock exist at the time of a purchase, the stock would have to appreciate substantially on a relative percentage basis for an investor to recoup their investment. Broad market fluctuations and general economic and political conditions may also adversely affect the market price of EVO s common stock. No assurance can be given that an active market in EVO s common stock will develop or be sustained. If an active market does not develop, holders of EVO s common stock may be unable to readily sell the shares they hold or may not be able to sell their shares at all. 
 
 EVO s common stock is subject to the penny stock rules of the SEC, which restrict transactions in our stock and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock. 
 
 EVO's common stock is currently regarded as a penny stock because our shares are not listed on a national stock exchange or quoted on the NASDAQ Market within the United States and EVO's common stock has a market price less than 5.00 per share. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC, to provide a customer with additional information including current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction, monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account, to make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser, and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. To the extent these requirements may be applicable; they will reduce the level of trading activity in the secondary market for EVO's common stock and may severely and adversely affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell EVO's common stock. 
 
 17 

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company, and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies may make EVO's common stock less attractive to investors. 
 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, as well as a smaller reporting company. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company and/or a smaller reporting company, we are permitted and intend to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies. These exemptions include: 
 
 being permitted to provide only two years of audited financial statements, in addition to any required unaudited interim financial statements, with correspondingly reduced Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations disclosure; 

not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements in the assessment of our internal control over financial reporting of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

not being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements; 

reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation; and 

exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

We cannot predict whether investors will find EVO's common stock less attractive if we rely on these exemptions. If some investors find EVO's common stock less attractive as a result, we will experience greater difficulty raising equity capital, there may be a less active trading market for EVO's common stock, and the stock price may be more volatile. 
 
 We have never paid and do not expect to pay cash dividends on our shares. 
 
 We have never paid cash dividends, and we anticipate that any future profits received from operations will be retained for operations. We do not anticipate the payment of cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future and any decision to pay dividends will depend upon our profitability, available cash and other factors. Therefore, no assurance can be given that there will ever be any cash dividend or distribution in the future. 
 
 We may in the future issue additional shares of EVO's common stock which would reduce investors ownership interests in EVO and which may dilute EVO's share value. 
 
 EVO's certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 610,000,000 shares consisting of: (i) 600,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. The future issuance of all or part of our remaining authorized common stock or preferred stock may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of EVO's common stock held by our then existing stockholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our investors, and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for EVO's common stock. 
 EVO's certificate of incorporation permits the board of directors to issue stock with terms that may subordinate the rights of common stockholders or discourage a third party from acquiring us in a manner that might result in a premium price to stockholders. 
 
 EVO s board of directors, without any action by its stockholders, may amend EVO s certificate of incorporation from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares or the number of shares of any class or series of stock that EVO has authority to issue. The board of directors may also classify or reclassify any unissued common stock or preferred stock into other classes or series of stock and establish the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption of any class or series of stock. Thus, the board of directors could authorize the issuance of preferred stock with terms and conditions that could have a priority as to distributions and amounts payable upon liquidation over the rights of the holders of EVO s common stock. For example, the Series C Preferred Stock authorized by the board of directors in March 2022 and the Series D Preferred Stock authorized by the board of directors in July 2022 rank senior in preference and priority to EVO's common stock with respect to dividend and liquidation rights and, generally votes with the common stock on an as converted basis on all matters presented for a vote of the holders of common stock. See Part II, Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. The Series C Preferred Stock and the Series D Preferred Stock, as well as any other series of preferred stock that the board of directors may authorize in the future could also have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all our assets) that might provide a premium price for holders of EVO s common stock. 
 
 18 

Item 1B. Unresolve d Staff Comments. 
 
 As a smaller reporting company, EVO is not required to provide disclosure under this item. 
 
 Item 2. Pr operties. 
 
 Our principal corporate office is located at 2075 West Pinnacle Peak Rd. Suite 130, Phoenix, AZ 85027 and consists of 6,359 square feet of space. We occupy this office under a 65-month office lease agreement dated November 27, 2019 with monthly rental payments increasing from 12,188 to 13,248 over the initial term of the lease. 
 
 We also lease the following properties as main terminals for our trucking operations: 
 
 We lease property in Grimes, IA for a maintenance shop, truck storage, and parking for monthly rent of approximately 10,000. The lease term expires in June 2028. 

We lease property in Laurel, MD for office and maintenance shop space, truck storage, and parking under multiple leases for aggregate monthly rent of approximately 30,000. The lease terms expire in February 2028 and August 2029. 

We lease property in Hazelwood and Springfield, MO for office and maintenance shop space, truck storage, and parking for monthly rent of approximately 5,000 and 3,700, respectively. The lease terms expire in October 2024 and July 2026, respectively. 

We lease property in Newark, NJ for office and maintenance shop space, truck storage, and parking for monthly rent of 70,000. The lease term expires in March 2028. 

We lease property in Columbus, OH for office and maintenance shop space, truck storage, and parking for monthly rent of 5,145. The lease term expires in June 2027. 

We lease property in Austin, TX for office and maintenance shop space, truck storage, and parking for monthly rent of 19,000. The lease term expires in April 2027. 

We lease property at two locations in Madison, WI for office and maintenance shop space, truck storage, and parking for aggregate monthly rent of approximately 14,000. The lease terms expire in August 2024 and January 2029. 

We lease property in Oak Creek, WI for office and maintenance shop space, truck storage, and parking for monthly rent of approximately 17,000. The lease term expires in January 2029. 

We lease various additional properties throughout the United States for our trucking operation, none of which are individually material, for operating sites, remote offices, and parking facilities. 
 
 Through our subsidiaries, Titan and EAF, we also own or lease six natural gas fueling stations located in California, Texas, Arizona and Wisconsin, three of which were operating as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We believe all of our properties are suitable and adequate for current operating needs. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 See Part II, Item 8, Note 10, Commitment and Contingencies , to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 Item 4. Mine Saf ety Disclosure. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 19 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stoc kholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 EVO's certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 600,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. EVO's common stock trades under the symbol EVOA on the OTC Expert Market maintained by the OTC Markets Group Inc.; however, no public market has yet developed for our common stock. 
 
 As of November 16, 2023, there were 192 holders of record of our common stock. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 
 EVO has not paid any cash dividends since inception and does not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. Dividends accrue and are payable on our Series C Preferred Stock and Series D Preferred Stock. It is the present intention of management to utilize all available funds for the development of the Company s business. See Part II, Item 8, Note 6, Temporary Equity, Stockholders' Deficit and Warrants , to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 Refer to the heading Securities Purchase Agreement within Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for information regarding the warrants issued to Antara, Exchanging Creditors, two former board members and to key equityholders and members of management in connection with the Recapitalization Transactions. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 See Part III, Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 
 
 As a smaller reporting company, EVO is not required to provide disclosure under this item. 
 20 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 Management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read together with Business in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report, as well as the consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Part I Forward-looking Statements of this Annual Report, and elsewhere in this report. These statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially from those discussed. 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. is a truckload carrier serving the USPS and other customers. We believe EVO is one of the largest surface transportation companies serving the USPS, with a diversified fleet of tractors, straight trucks and other vehicles that currently operate on either diesel fuel, gasoline or CNG. EVO also operates a brokerage unit that supports the truckload business and services other corporate customers. In select cases, EVO may subcontract the transportation of certain loads to third-party carriers. We operate from our headquarters in Phoenix, Arizona and from numerous terminals throughout the United States. 
 
 Historically, we have grown primarily through acquisitions and have also grown organically by obtaining new contracts from the USPS and other customers. 
 
 Key Trends Anticipated Future Trends 
 
 Under its Delivering for America Plan, the USPS is undergoing a massive transformation of its transportation network. A key component of this is a reorganization around regional processing and distribution centers. In addition, the USPS has transitioned most of its air freight to ground networks. We believe the USPS will favor larger and more reliable suppliers that can ensure continued high service performance and continuity during this transition. 
 EVO further expects a more active market-based approach to USPS renewals. We believe this approach favors larger suppliers like EVO that can provide competitive pricing by leveraging scale and pricing analytics. 
 The USPS has also started evaluating insourcing opportunities and transitioning contracts to more asset-light companies. We believe outsourced asset-based ground transportation suppliers will continue to service the vast majority of USPS contracts. In addition, we believe any shift in business to these threats is more likely to come from the smaller suppliers who are unable to compete as cost effectively over the long-term. 
 We intend to continue bidding on new and existing USPS contract opportunities as they arise. USPS contracts are bid competitively and performed in accordance with various requirements, including, but not limited to requirements under the Service Contract Act, Department of Transportation regulations (federal and state), and other applicable local and state regulations. The USPS evaluates the bids based on price, past performance, operational plans, financial resources, safety scores and the use of innovation or alternative fuels. EVO's USPS contracts typically have two or four year terms and can be renewed with the incumbent carrier after expiration of the initial term. 
 EVO believes that freight market rates peaked during COVID, reaching multi-year highs. Rates have since reversed and EVO believes they will continue to remain challenging during 2023. We believe this may create new business opportunities as the USPS looks to resolicit many of its contracts and that larger, more cost-efficient carriers are well positioned to gain market share. In addition, we believe the USPS will be heavily focused on service performance and that those suppliers who cannot achieve high on time service scores will fall out of favor. We believe this also creates significant opportunity for EVO in the future. 
 In addition to growing the USPS business, the Company expects to further diversify its revenue base both organically through new sales and business development efforts and also through M A transactions. The strategy of acquiring USPS carriers will be deemphasized as the Company looks to create a more balanced business. 
 Results from Operations 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022, Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Trucking revenue : The majority of trucking revenue is derived from the USPS. The remainder of the revenue is primarily derived from corporate freight customers. USPS contracts are typically four years in duration and include a monthly fuel adjustment. Trucking revenue was 309.5 million and 268.9 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 40.6 million, or 15.1 , increase in trucking revenue from 2021 to 2022 is primarily due to revenue from new USPS contracts, along with increased fuel surcharge revenue as a result of increased fuel prices. 
 21 

Other revenue : During the first quarter of 2021, the Company entered into agreements with the USPS to settle claims submitted by the Company seeking additional compensation for transportation services provided under certain DRO contracts. The Company received a total of 28.5 million related to these claims and also renegotiated the contractual rates per mile and total paid miles for some of its DRO contracts on a prospective basis. In addition, amounts totaling 6.3 million that were previously paid by the USPS to the Company during 2020 became subject to the terms of the settlement agreements and were recognized as a deferred gain as of December 31, 2020. The aforementioned amounts totaling 34.8 million were recognized as other revenue during the first quarter of 2021 in the consolidated statement of operations. Such amounts are for transportation services provided during 2020 and prior years, are not subject to refund, and are not contingent upon the Company providing future transportation services. Refer to Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for further discussion. 
 
 Payroll, benefits and related: Payroll, benefits and related includes total compensation of drivers and non-drivers. Included in driver compensation is an incremental hourly rate for benefits. Payroll, benefits and related expense was 131.2 million and 107.4 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 23.8 million, or 22.2 , increase in payroll, benefits and related expense is primarily due to the 15.1 increase in Trucking revenue combined with an increase in the use of employee drivers versus third-party subcontractors. 
 
 Purchased transportation: Purchased transportation represents payments to subcontracted third-party companies. These contracts are typically negotiated on a rate per mile basis and the subcontracting company is responsible for supplying all resources to perform the service including, but not limited to labor, equipment, fuel and associated expenses. Purchased transportation expense was 46.4 million and 68.8 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 22.4 million, or 32.6 , decrease in purchased transportation expense is primarily due to an increased use of employee drivers versus subcontractors. 
 
 Fuel: Fuel expense is comprised of diesel, gasoline and CNG fuel required to operate the fleet. The Company manages fuel cost by negotiating volume discounts from rack fuel rates with select vendors. Fuel expense was 48.2 million and 28.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 20.0 million, or 70.9 , increase in fuel expense is due primarily to the 15.1 increase in Trucking revenue, 32.6 decrease in purchased transportation and an increase in the average DOE fuel price from 3.28 to 5.00 per gallon. 
 
 Equipment rent: The Company rents and leases a portion of its trucks and trailers through a combination of short-term rental arrangements and long-term lease arrangements. Equipment rent expense was 14.6 million and 13.4 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 1.2 million, or 9.0 , increase in equipment rent expense is primarily due to the need to service new USPS contracts by acquiring additional trucks and trailers via new leasing and rental arrangements. 
 
 Maintenance and Supplies: Maintenance and supplies expense primarily includes the costs to maintain the fleet. Maintenance and supplies expense was 15.8 million and 10.9 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 4.9 million, or 45.0 , increase in maintenance and supplies expense is primarily due to an increase in the size of the fleet combined with increased maintenance costs for the existing fleet, which the Company is in process of refreshing with newer equipment. 
 
 Operating supplies and expenses: Operating and supplies expenses include all other direct costs in the Trucking operation. Operating supplies and expenses was 14.3 million and 15.3 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 1.0 million, or 6.5 , decrease in operating supplies and expenses is primarily due to more cost efficient completion of certain routes. 
 
 General and administrative: General and administrative expense was 18.0 million and 16.3 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 1.7 million, or 10.4 , increase is primarily due to an increase in professional fees and board of director fees and expenses. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization: Depreciation and amortization expense was 16.2 million and 15.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase is due to an increase in finance lease right-of-use asset amortization expense, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense. 
 
 Interest expense: Interest expense was 33.7 million and 12.7 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 21.0 million, or 165.4 , increase in interest expense is primarily due to interest expense of 11.9 million associated with the issuance of warrants and the amortization of the debt discount related to the warrants in connection with the Bridge Loan Agreement, dated March 11, 2022. The increase is further due to a 7.7 million charge to interest expense 
 22 

associated with the purchase of warrants by Antara Capital in connection with the recapitalization of the company in September 2022. In addition, the increase is due to 1.6 million of finance fees and additional debt issued of 9 million in connection with the Bridge Loan, and an increase in the interest rate on certain floating rate debt. Refer to Note 5, Debt , and Note 6, Temporary Equity, Stockholders Deficit and Warrants for further discussion. 
 
 Gain / loss on extinguishment of debt: The 5.3 million loss on extinguishment of debt during the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily due to the 5.2 million loss on the extinguishment of the four promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of 9.5 million as a result of the Convertible Note Amendments, dated March 11, 2022. The 11.0 million gain on extinguishment of debt during the year ended December 31, 2021 is due to: (1) the 10.1 million gain on extinguishment of the outstanding principal and accrued interest on the Paycheck Protection Program Loan, which was forgiven by the SBA in July 2021; (2) the 2.5 million gain on the partial extinguishment of the 4.0 million Secured Convertible Promissory Notes during March and April 2021; and (3) the 1.7 million loss on extinguishment resulting from using all of the net proceeds from the Main Street Loan to pay down the aggregate principal amount due under the Financing Agreement (including capitalized interest) from 33.6 million to 16.7 million during the first quarter of 2021. Refer to Note 5, Debt , for further discussion. 
 
 Change in fair value of embedded derivative liability: The Financing Agreement contains a mandatory prepayment feature that was determined to be an embedded derivative, requiring bifurcation and fair value recognition for the derivative liability. The fair value of this derivative liability is remeasured at each reporting period, with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statement of operations. Refer to Note 5, Debt , and Note 8, Fair Value Measurements , for further discussion. 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liabilities: EVO previously issued certain warrants that are not considered indexed to EVO's common stock and, therefore, are required to be classified as liabilities and measured at fair value at each reporting date with the change in fair value being recognized in the Company's results of operations during each reporting period. The change in fair value of substantially all of the warrants classified as liabilities is recognized in other income (expense). Refer to Note 6, Stockholders' Deficit and Warrants , and Note 8, Fair Value Measurements , for further discussion. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Changes in Liquidity 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents . Cash and cash equivalents were 14.4 million and 6.3 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase is primarily attributable to cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Operating Activities . Net cash provided by operating activities was 10.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. Net cash provided by operating activities was 23.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021 which included 28.5 million of nonrecurring cash receipts from the USPS settlement agreements. The decrease in net cash provided was primarily attributable to a 32.5 million increase in net loss, partially offset by a 20.1 million increase in accounts receivable collected. 
 
 Investing Activities. Net cash used in investing activities was 0.1 million and 7.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The net cash used in investing activities during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, is primarily related to 0.1 million and 7.4 million of capital expenditures, respectively. 
 
 Financing Activities . Net cash used in financing activities was 2.4 million and 35.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily consisted of 258.8 million in payments on factoring arrangements, 5.4 million in payments of debt principal, and 8.8 million in payments on finance lease liabilities, partially offset by 247.5 million in advances from factoring receivables, 9.6 million of proceeds from the issuance of debt and 13.8 million of proceeds from the issuance warrants. The cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily consisted of 225.8 million in payments on factoring arrangements, 24.1 million in payments of debt principal, and 5.9 million in payments on finance lease liabilities, partially offset by 214.3 million in advances from factoring receivables and 6.5 million of proceeds from the issuance of debt. 
 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 
 Our primary historical and future sources of liquidity are cash on hand 14.4 million at December 31, 2022), the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the sale of EVO s common stock or preferred stock, and advances under our accounts receivable factoring arrangements. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain additional financing in the future via the incurrence of additional indebtedness or the sale of EVO s common stock or preferred stock. 
 
 23 

Uses of Liquidity 
 
 Our business requires substantial amounts of cash for operating activities, including salaries and wages paid to our employees, contract payments to independent contractors, and payments for fuel, maintenance and supplies, and other expenses. We also use large amounts of cash and credit for principal and interest payments, as well as operating and finance lease liabilities and capital expenditures to fund the replacement and/or growth in our tractor and trailer fleet. 
 
 Going Concern 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a cash balance of 14.4 million, a working capital deficit of 67.2 million, stockholders deficit of 15.7 million, and material debt and lease obligations of 105.6 million, which included term loan borrowings under a financing agreement with Antara Capital. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we reported cash provided by operating activities of 10.6 million and net loss of 18.2 million that included a 5.3 million loss on extinguishment of debt. 
 
 The following significant transactions and events affecting the Company s liquidity occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 On March 11, 2022, EVO and certain subsidiary guarantors of the Company entered into a Senior Secured Loan and Executive Loan Agreement (the Bridge Loan Agreement with Antara Capital and Thomas J. Abood, EVO's former chief executive officer, Damon R. Cuzick, EVO's former chief operating officer, Bridgewest Growth Fund LLC, an entity affiliated with Billy (Trey) Peck Jr., EVO's executive vice president - business development, and Batuta Capital Advisors LLC Batuta and together with Mr. Abood, Mr. Cuzick and Bridgewest Growth Fund LLC, the Executive Lenders ), an entity affiliated with Alexandre Zyngier, a member of EVO's board of directors (the Board ). Pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreement, EVO obtained a bridge loan in the amount of 9.0 million (the Bridge Loan from Antara Capital and also borrowed 0.8 million (the Executive Loans from the Executive Lenders. Refer to Note 5, Debt , for further discussion. Pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreement, on March 11, 2022, Antara Capital appointed Michael Bayles as a member of EVO's Board, effective immediately. Mr. Bayles was appointed to fill a newly-created vacancy on the Board. 

On March 11, 2022, and pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreement, EVO filed a Certificate of Designations of Series C Non-Participating Preferred Stock (the Series C Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, which authorized EVO to issue up to one share of Series C Preferred Stock, and issued to Antara Capital one share of Series C Preferred Stock. Refer to Note 6, Temporary Equity for further discussion. 

On March 11, 2022, EVO entered into amendments to certain secured convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of 9.5 million to permit immediate conversion of those notes, and the holders converted those notes into warrants to purchase 7,533,750 shares of EVO's common stock at an exercise price of 0.01 per share. 

On May 31, 2022, EVO, Antara Capital and the Executive Lenders entered into a Loan Extension Agreement that extended the Bridge Loan maturity date from May 31, 2022 to June 30, 2022 and the Executive Loans maturity date from June 3, 2022 to July 7, 2022. 

On June 30, 2022, EVO, Antara Capital and the Executive Lenders entered into a Second Extension Agreement that extended the Bridge Loan maturity date from June 30, 2022 to July 8, 2022 and the Executive Loans maturity date from July 7, 2022 to July 15, 2022. 

On July 8, 2022, EVO, Antara Capital and the Executive Lenders entered into a Third Extension Agreement that extended the Bridge Loan maturity date from July 8, 2022 to July 15, 2022 and the Executive Loans maturity date from July 15, 2022 to July 22, 2022. In addition, the Third Extension Agreement stipulated that on or before July 13, 2022, the Board of Directors of EVO shall have duly approved and filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate of Designations to evidence the issuance of a new series of Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock, 0.0001 par value, that will, upon issuance, entitle Antara Capital (in its capacity as sole holder of the Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock) to vote such number of votes per share that will allow Antara Capital to exercise 51 of the voting capital stock of EVO. 

On July 13, 2022, and pursuant to the Third Extension Agreement dated July 8, 2022, EVO filed a Certificate of Designations of Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock (the Series D Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, which authorized EVO to issue up to one share of Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock. Refer to Note 6, Stockholders' Deficit for further discussion. 

24 

The issuance of one share of Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock to Antara Capital on July 13, 2022 resulted in a change of control of the Company, with Antara Capital having voting control on Series D Shareholder Matters. The consideration for the issuance of Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock to Antara Capital was Antara Capital's agreement to enter into the Third Extension Agreement, and the Company did not receive any cash consideration. 
 On July 15, 2022, EVO, Antara Capital and the Executive Lenders entered into a Fourth Extension Agreement that extended the Bridge Loan maturity date from July 15, 2022 to August 15, 2022 and the Executive Loans maturity date from July 22, 2022 to August 22, 2022. 

On August 12, 2022, EVO, Antara Capital and the Executive Lenders entered into a Fifth Extension Agreement that extended the Bridge Loan maturity date from August 15, 2022 to September 15, 2022 and the Executive Loans maturity date from August 22, 2022 to September 22, 2022. 

On September 8, 2022, EVO, Antara Capital and the Executive Lenders, in contemplation of the Securities Purchase Agreement discussed below, entered into a Sixth Extension Agreement that extended the Bridge Loan maturity date from September 15, 2022 to December 29, 2023 and the Executive Loans maturity date from September 22, 2022 to January 5, 2024. 

On September 8, 2022, EVO and Antara Capital entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement and consummated certain transactions involving the recapitalization of the Company. This includes the sale and issuance of new equity by EVO and the cancellation of certain indebtedness in exchange for equity of EVO and/or its subsidiaries. For more information regarding the Securities Purchase Agreement and the transactions, refer to the heading Securities Purchase Agreement within Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 

On December 23, 2022, Antara Capital, the Executive Lenders, Corbin ERISA Opportunity Fund Ltd CEOF and Hudson Park amended and restated the Bridge Loan to reflect the assigned portions of the Bridge Loan to CEOF and Hudson Park. No changes were made to the Bridge Loan in connection with the assignment to CEOF and Hudson Park and no payments were made to the holders of the debt. This event is a transaction among debt holders. 

Despite the occurrence of the Recapitalization Transactions, the Company believes its existing cash, together with any positive cash flows from operations, may not be sufficient to support working capital and capital expenditure requirements for the next 12 months, and the Company may be required to seek additional financing from outside sources. 
 
 In evaluating the Company s ability to continue as a going concern and its potential need to seek additional financing from outside sources, management also considered the following conditions: 
 The counterparty to the Company s accounts receivable factoring arrangement is not obligated to purchase the Company s accounts receivable or make advances to the Company under such arrangement; 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company is not in compliance with certain covenants in its debt agreements (Refer to Note 5, Debt , for further discussion); and 

There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain additional financing in the future via the incurrence of additional indebtedness or via the sale of EVO s common stock or preferred stock. 

As a result of the circumstances described above, the Company may not have sufficient liquidity to make the required payments on its debt, factoring or leasing obligations; to satisfy future operating expenses; to make capital expenditures; or to provide for other cash needs. 
 
 Management s plans to mitigate the Company s current conditions include: 
 Cost reduction efforts; 

Improvements to operations to gain driver efficiencies; 

Purchases of trucks and trailers to reduce purchased transportation and truck rental expenses; 

Replacement of older trucks with newer trucks to lower the overall cost of ownership and improve cash flow through reduced maintenance and fuel costs; 

Negotiating with related parties and third parties to refinance existing debt and lease obligations; 

25 

Potential future public or private debt or equity offerings; 

Acquiring new profitable contracts and negotiating revised pricing for existing contracts; and 

Profitably expanding trucking revenue. 

Notwithstanding management s plans, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in its efforts to address its current liquidity and capital resource constraints. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for the next 12 months from the issuance of these consolidated financial statements within EVO s Form 10-K. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 
 
 Refer to Notes 1, 4, 5 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our debt, factoring, and lease obligations, including the future maturities of such obligations. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Refer to Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies Off Balance Sheet Arrangements Captive Insurance . 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and revenues and expenses recorded during the reporting periods. 
 
 On a periodic basis we evaluate our estimates based on historical experience and various other assumptions we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. For further information on our significant accounting policies, refer to Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 
 We believe the following critical accounting policies involve the most significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 We test goodwill for impairment annually and whenever events or circumstances make it more likely than not that an impairment may have occurred, such as a significant adverse change in the business climate or a decision to sell all or a portion of a reporting unit. We perform our annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1 and monitor for interim triggering events on an ongoing basis. All of the Company s goodwill is recorded in its Trucking reporting unit. 
 
 Goodwill is reviewed for impairment utilizing either a qualitative assessment or a quantitative goodwill impairment test. If we choose to perform a qualitative assessment and determine the fair value more likely than not exceeds the carrying value, no further evaluation is necessary. When we perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test, we compare the fair value of the reporting unit to the carrying value, which includes goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, the goodwill is not considered impaired. If the carrying value is higher than the fair value, the difference would be recognized as an impairment loss. 
 
 The impairment test process requires valuation of the reporting unit, which we determine using primarily the income, or discounted cash flows, approach. The assumptions about future cash flows and growth rates are based on the reporting unit's long-term forecast and are subject to review and approval by senior management. A reporting unit s discount rate is a risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital, which we believe approximates the rate from a market participant's perspective. The estimated fair value could be impacted by changes in market conditions, interest rates, growth rates, tax rates, costs, pricing and capital expenditures. The fair value determination is categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy due to its use of internal projections and unobservable measurement inputs. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the annual impairment test did not result in an impairment of goodwill. 
 
 26 

Long-Lived Assets 
 
 The Company evaluates the recoverability of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset s carrying amount may not be recoverable. Such circumstances could include, but are not limited to (1) a significant decrease in the market value of an asset, (2) a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, or (3) an accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition of an asset. The Company measures the carrying amount of the asset against the estimated undiscounted future cash flows associated with it. Should the sum of the expected future net cash flows be less than the carrying value of the asset being evaluated, an impairment loss would be recognized. The impairment loss would be calculated as the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair value. The fair value is measured based on quoted market prices, if available. 
 
 If quoted market prices are not available, the estimate of fair value is based on various valuation techniques, including the discounted value of estimated future cash flows. The evaluation of asset impairment requires the Company to make assumptions about future cash flows over the life of the asset being evaluated. These assumptions require significant judgment and actual results may differ from assumed and estimated amounts. The assumptions about future cash flows and growth rates are based on the asset group s long-term forecast and are subject to review and approval by senior management. An asset group s discount rate is a risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital, which we believe approximates the rate from a market participant's perspective. The estimated fair value could be impacted by changes in market conditions, interest rates, growth rates, tax rates, costs, pricing and capital expenditures. The fair value determination is categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy due to its use of internal projections and unobservable measurement inputs. 
 
 Fair Valuation of Common Stock, Preferred Stock, Warrants and Stock Options 
 
 Our executive officers, directors and principal stockholders beneficially own a substantial majority of EVO s outstanding common stock. EVO s common stock does not have an observable quoted market price on the OTC Expert Market because the stock is thinly traded and is not eligible for proprietary broker-dealer quotations. As a result, we must utilize an alternative method to estimate the fair value of our common stock, including when EVO issues other equity instruments for which the common stock is the underlying security. We first use primarily the income or discounted cash flows approach to determine the estimated fair value of our total equity. The assumptions about future cash flows and growth rates are based on the Company's long-term forecast and are subject to review and approval by senior management. The discount rate utilized is a risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital, which we believe approximates the rate from a market participant's perspective. We then use the option-pricing equity allocation method to allocate the estimated total equity value to our common stock and preferred stock. The inputs and assumptions used in the option-pricing model include: (1) the discount rate; (2) the estimated time to liquidity; (3) EVO's expected stock price volatility; (4) the estimated discount for the lack of marketability; and (5) the risk-free interest rate. The estimated fair value could be impacted by changes in market conditions, interest rates, growth rates, tax rates, costs, pricing and capital expenditures. The fair value determination is categorized as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy due to its use of internal projections and unobservable measurement inputs. The estimated fair value of EVO s common stock is a key assumption in the fair valuation of the preferred stock, warrants and stock options EVO issues. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 The Company accounts for stock-based compensation awards based on the fair value of the award as of the grant date, which is calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires the use of subjective assumptions, including the estimated fair value of EVO s common stock, the expected term of the award, the expected stock price volatility, expected dividend yield and the risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the award. The expected term represents the period of time the awards are expected to be outstanding. Due to the lack of sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to otherwise estimate the expected term of the awards, we use the simplified method to estimate the expected term for our stock-based compensation awards. Under the simplified method, the expected term of an award is presumed to be the mid-point between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term. Expected volatility is based on historical volatilities for publicly traded stock of comparable companies over the estimated expected term of the awards. We assume no dividend yield because dividends on our common stock are not expected to be paid in the near future, which is consistent with our history of not paying dividends on our common stock. 
 
 Deferred Income Tax Assets and Liabilities 
 The carrying values of deferred income tax assets and liabilities reflect the application of our income tax accounting policies in accordance with applicable accounting standards and are based on management s assumptions and estimates regarding future operating results and levels of taxable income, as well as management s judgment regarding the interpretation of the provisions of applicable accounting standards. The carrying values of liabilities for income taxes currently payable are based on management s interpretations of applicable tax laws and incorporate management s assumptions and judgments regarding the 
 27 

use of tax planning strategies in various taxing jurisdictions. The use of different estimates, assumptions and judgments in connection with accounting for income taxes may result in materially different carrying values of income tax assets and liabilities and results of operations. 
 
 We evaluate the recoverability of these deferred tax assets by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies. These sources of income inherently rely heavily on estimates. We use our historical experience and our short and long-term business forecasts to provide insight. To the extent we do not consider it more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will be recovered, a valuation allowance is established. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal and state net operating losses of approximately 38.4 million and 26.7 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had federal and state net operating losses of approximately 44.7 million and 30.2 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has approximately 0.7 million of federal net operating losses available to offset future taxable income for 20 years and will begin to expire in 2036. The remaining 37.7 million of federal net operating losses are carried forward indefinitely to offset future taxable income up to an 80 limitation of taxable income in the year of use. The state net operating losses began to expire in 2022. These federal and state net operating loss carryforwards are reserved with a full valuation allowance because, based on the available evidence, we believe it is more likely than not that we would not be able to utilize those deferred tax assets in the future. If the actual amounts of taxable income differ from our estimates, the amount of our valuation allowance could be materially impacted. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Refer to Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 
 Seasonality and Inflation 
 
 Due to increased USPS volume associated with the holiday rush from the end of November through year end, the Company s revenue and business activity typically increase during the last quarter of each calendar year. In the winter months, operating expenses generally increase and fuel efficiency declines because of engine idling and harsh weather creating higher accident frequency, increased claims and higher equipment repair expenditures. 
 
 The Company also may suffer from weather-related or other events such as tornadoes, hurricanes, blizzards, ice storms, floods, fires, earthquakes and explosions. These events may disrupt fuel supplies, increase fuel costs, disrupt freight shipments or routes, affect regional economies, destroy the Company s assets or adversely affect the business or financial condition of customers, any of which could adversely affect the Company s results or make the Company s results more volatile. 
 
 The Company has experienced inflationary pressures in the normal course of business including cost of equipment, driver wages, healthcare and benefits, insurance, parts and supplies and fuel. While the Company receives some revenue offsets from the USPS for costs like wage inflation and fuel, periods with inflationary pressures could adversely affect our financial results. 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 As a smaller reporting company, EVO is not required to provide disclosure under this item. 
 28 

Item 8. Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data. 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm [PCAOB ID Number 248] 
 
 F-1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F- 2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 F- 3 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F- 5 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F- 6 

29 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Board of Directors and Stockholders 
 EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Going Concern 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s current liabilities exceeded its current assets by 67.2 million and its total liabilities exceeded its total assets by 15.7 million as of December 31, 2022. These conditions, along with other matters as set forth in Note 1, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s evaluation of the events and conditions and management s plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

November 16, 2023 
 F- 1 

EVO TRANSPORTATION ENERGY SERVICES, INC. 
 Consolidated B alance Sheets 

December 31, 

in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Accounts receivable - trade, net 

Alternative fuels tax credit receivable 

Prepaids and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Finance lease right-of-use assets, net 

Deposits and other long-term assets 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities, Temporary Equity and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Accrued interest - related party, current portion 

Embedded derivative liability 

Warrant liabilities 

Advances under factoring arrangements, current portion 

Long-term debt, current portion 

Long-term debt - related party, current portion 

Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Finance lease liabilities, current portion 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities 

Advances under factoring arrangements, less current portion 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

Long-term debt - related party, less current portion 

Long-term accrued interest - related party, less current portion 

Operating lease liabilities, less current portion 

Finance lease liabilities, less current portion 

Deferred tax liability 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) 

Temporary Equity 

Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, (December 31, 2022) and (December 31, 2021) shares issued and outstanding, includes accrued and undeclared dividends of (December 31, 2022) and (December 31, 2021) and liquidation preference of (December 31, 2022) and (December 31, 2021) 

Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, (December 31, 2022) and (December 31, 2021) shares issued and outstanding, includes accrued and undeclared dividends of (December 31, 2022) and (December 31, 2021) and liquidation preference of (December 31, 2022) and (December 31, 2021) 

Series C Redeemable Preferred stock, par value; (December 31, 2022) and (December 31, 2021) share authorized, issued and outstanding, includes accrued and undeclared dividends of (December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021) and liquidation preference of (December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021) 

Redeemable common stock, at redemption value; (December 31, 2022) and (December 31, 2021) 

Stockholders deficit 

Series D Non-Redeemable Preferred stock, par value; (December 31, 2022) and (December 31, 2021) share authorized, issued and outstanding, includes liquidation preference of (December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021) 

Common stock, par value; (December 31, 2022) and (December 31, 2021) shares authorized; (December 31, 2022) and (December 31, 2021) shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock issuable 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders deficit 

() 

() 

Total liabilities, temporary equity, and stockholders deficit 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 2 

EVO TRANSPORTATION ENERGY SERVICES, INC. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Operations 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Revenue 

Trucking 

Other 

Total revenue 

Operating expenses 

Payroll, benefits and related 

Purchased transportation 

Fuel 

General and administrative 

Operating supplies and expenses 

Depreciation and amortization 

Equipment rent 

Maintenance and supplies 

Insurance and claims 

Loss on sale of fixed assets 

Other 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

Change in fair value of embedded derivative liability 

() 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

() 

Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt 

() 

Other miscellaneous income 

Total other expense 

() 

() 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

Income tax expense 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Earnings (loss) per share: 

Basic 

() 

Diluted 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 3 

EVO TRANSPORTATION ENERGY SERVICES, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Chan ges in Stockholders Deficit 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Total Stockholders 

in thousands, except share data) 
 
 Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Issuable 

Capital 

Deficit 

Deficit 

Balance - December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Obligation to issue common stock - related party 

Issuance of warrants to extinguish debt 

Common stock issued for services - related party 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Series A Redeemable Preferred stock dividend 

() 

() 

Series B Redeemable Preferred stock dividend 

() 

() 

Net income 

Balance - December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock - related party 

() 

Conversion of convertible notes into warrants 

Reclassification of warrants from liability classified to equity classified 

Issuance of Series D Non-Redeemable Preferred stock 

Exercise of warrants into common stock 

Issuance of equity classified warrants 

Restructuring gain from related parties 

Reclassification of redeemable common stock 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Series A Redeemable Preferred stock dividend 

() 

() 

Series B Redeemable Preferred stock dividend 

() 

() 

Conversion of Series A Redeemable Preferred stock into common stock 

Conversion of Series B Redeemable Preferred stock into common stock 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 4 

EVO TRANSPORTATION ENERGY SERVICES, INC. 
 Consolidated Statem ents of Cash Flows 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Non-cash lease expense 

Loss on sale of assets 

Amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs 

Deferred income taxes 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Non-cash interest expense 

Bad debt expense 

Change in fair value of embedded derivative liability 

() 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

() 

Restructuring gain (loss) on Recapitalization Transaction 

() 

(Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt 

() 

Changes in assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable - trade 

() 

Alternative fuels tax credit receivable 

Due from related party 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

() 

Accrued interest - related party 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchases of equipment 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from sale of common stock, preferred stock and warrants 

Proceeds from issuance of debt 

Payments of principal on debt 

() 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of debt - related party 

Payments of principal on debt - related party 

() 

() 

Debt extinguishment costs 

() 

() 

Advances from factoring arrangements 

Payments on factoring arrangements 

() 

() 

Debt issuance costs 

Payments on finance lease liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash 

() 

Cash and restricted cash - beginning of year 

Cash and restricted cash - end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Income tax paid 

Interest paid 

Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease liabilities 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 

Restructuring gain from Recapitalization Transactions in additional paid-in capital 

Fair value of warrants and common stock issued in connection with financing arrangements 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 

EVO TRANSPORTATION ENERGY SERVICES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidat ed Financial Statements 
 , from million to million (the Charter Amendment ). See Note 6, Temporary Equity, Stockholders' Deficit and Warrants , for more information. 

 Antara Capital agreed to pay EVO million to purchase immediately exercisable warrants to purchase shares of common stock of EVO at an exercise price of per share, warrants to purchase shares of common stock of EVO at an exercise price of per share that was exercisable following the adoption of the Charter Amendment, and convertible preferred membership interest in EVO Holding. The Company recorded a million loss to interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022 in connection with the issuance of the warrants. Upon exercise of the warrants, which occurred in November 2022, Antara Capital owned approximately of the Company on a fully diluted basis. The preferred interest is convertible into of the common membership interests of EVO Holding, if the Company fails to meet certain financial conditions, at Antara Capital s election during the Conversion Period, defined below under the heading Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement . EVO Holding maintains the Company s ownership interests in John W. Ritter Trucking, Inc. and its related companies (the Ritter Companies ), which provide a material portion of our Trucking revenue. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , Ritter provided approximately and of our Trucking revenue, respectively. See Note 6, Stockholders Deficit and Warrants , for more information regarding the issued warrants. 

 In connection with the SPA, EVO entered into exchange agreements (the Exchange Agreements with certain creditors, defined in Note 3, Related Party Transactio ns . Pursuant to the Exchange Agreements, the creditors agreed to exchange promissory notes in the aggregate amount of principal and accrued interest of approximately million for warrants to purchase common stock and new promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of approximately million (the Takeback Notes ). See Note 3, Related Party Transactions , Note 5, Debt , and Note 6, Stockholders Deficit and Warrants , for more information. 

 EVO issued warrants to purchase , and shares of EVO's common stock at exercise prices of , and per share, respectively, to two former board members. See Note 6, Stockholders Deficit and Warrants , for more information regarding the issued warrants. 

 EVO issued warrants to purchase shares of EVO's common stock at an exercise price of per share to key equity holders and members of management. Each warrant issued may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, pursuant to the terms of such warrants, for a period of from the date of issuance. See Note 6, Stockholders Deficit and Warrants , for more information regarding the issued warrants. 

 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement In connection with the SPA, EVO, Antara Capital, and EVO Holding entered into an Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement (the A R LLC Agreement for EVO Holding. Pursuant to the A R LLC Agreement and the SPA, EVO Holding issued one convertible preferred membership interest in EVO Holding (the Preferred Interest to Antara Capital. The Preferred Interest is convertible at Antara Capital s election during the Conversion Period into of the common membership interests of EVO Holding. The Conversion Period is defined as each date of determination on which (i) Consolidated EBITDA for EVO and its subsidiaries for the most recently completed fiscal quarter that is the first, second or third fiscal quarter is less than million, with such determination initially being made with respect to the second fiscal quarter of 2023, (ii) Consolidated EBITDA for EVO and its subsidiaries for the most recent fourth fiscal quarter that is one of the two most recently completed fiscal quarters is less than million, (iii) EVO or any of its subsidiaries fails to pay any principal or interest due in respect of any debt with an outstanding aggregate principal amount in excess of million when due, subject to certain cure rights, (iv) any debt of EVO or any of its subsidiaries with an outstanding aggregate principal amount in excess of million becomes due prior to its stated maturity, (v) EVO has failed to deliver unaudited quarterly financial statements with certain prescribed time periods, or (vi) EVO has failed to deliver audited annual financial statements within certain prescribed time periods. 
 million , a working capital deficit of million , stockholders deficit of million , and material debt and lease obligations of million , which included term loan borrowings under a financing agreement with Antara Capital. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reported cash provided by operating activities of million and net loss of million that included a million loss on extinguishment of debt. The following significant transactions and events affecting the Company s liquidity occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022: On March 11, 2022, EVO and certain subsidiary guarantors of the Company entered into a Senior Secured Loan and Executive Loan Agreement (the Bridge Loan Agreement with Antara Capital and Thomas J. Abood, EVO's former chief executive officer, Damon R. Cuzick, EVO's former chief operating officer, Bridgewest Growth Fund LLC, an entity affiliated with Billy (Trey) Peck Jr., EVO's executive vice president - business development, and Batuta Capital Advisors LLC Batuta and together with Mr. Abood, Mr. Cuzick and Bridgewest Growth Fund LLC, the Executive Lenders ), an entity affiliated with Alexandre Zyngier, a member of EVO's board of directors (the Board ). Pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreement, EVO obtained a bridge loan in the amount of million (the Bridge Loan from Antara Capital and also borrowed million (the Executive Loans from the Executive Lenders. Refer to Note 5, Debt, for further discussion. Pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreement, on March 11, 2022, Antara Capital appointed Michael Bayles as a member of EVO's Board, effective immediately. Mr. Bayles was appointed to fill a newly-created vacancy on the Board. 

 On March 11, 2022, and pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreement, EVO filed a Series C Certificate of Designations of Series C Non-Participating Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, which authorized EVO to issue up to share of Series C Preferred Stock, and issued to Antara Capital share of Series C Preferred Stock. Refer to No te 6, Temporary Equity, Stockholders' Deficit and Warrants for further discussion. 

 On March 11, 2022, EVO entered into amendments to certain secured convertible promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of million to permit immediate conversion of those notes, and the holders converted those notes into warrants to purchase shares of EVO's common stock at an exercise price of per share. 

 On May 31, 2022, EVO, Antara Capital and the Executive Lenders entered into a Loan Extension Agreement that extended the Bridge Loan maturity date from to and the Executive Loans maturity date from to . 

 On June 30, 2022, EVO, Antara Capital and the Executive Lenders entered into a Second Extension Agreement that extended the Bridge Loan maturity date from to and the Executive Loans maturity date from to . 

 On July 8, 2022, EVO, Antara Capital and the Executive Lenders entered into a Third Extension Agreement that extended the Bridge Loan maturity date from to and the Executive Loans maturity date from to . In addition, the Third Extension Agreement stipulated that on or before July 13, 2022, the Board of Directors of EVO shall have duly approved and filed with the Secretary of State of the State 

 of Delaware a Certificate of Designations to evidence the issuance of a new series of Series D Participating Preferred Stock, par value (the Series D Preferred that will, upon issuance, entitle Antara Capital (in its capacity as sole holder of the Series D Preferred) to vote such number of votes per share that will allow Antara Capital to exercise of the voting capital stock of EVO. 

 On July 13, 2022, and pursuant to the Third Extension Agreement dated July 8, 2022, EVO filed a Certificate of Designations of Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, which authorized EVO to issue up to share of Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock. Refer to No te 6, Stockholders' Deficit and Warrants for further discussion. 

 The issuance of share of Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock to Antara Capital on July 13, 2022 resulted in a change of control of the Company, with Antara Capital having voting control on Series D Shareholder Matters. The consideration for the issuance of Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock to Antara Capital was Antara Capital's agreement to enter into the Third Extension Agreement, and the Company did not receive any cash consideration. On July 15, 2022, EVO, Antara Capital and the Executive Lenders entered into a Fourth Extension Agreement that extended the Bridge Loan maturity date from to and the Executive Loans maturity date from to . 

 On August 12, 2022, EVO, Antara Capital and the Executive Lenders entered into a Fifth Extension Agreement that extended the Bridge Loan maturity date from to and the Executive Loans maturity date from to . 

 On September 8, 2022, EVO, Antara Capital and the Executive Lenders, in contemplation of the SPA discussed above, entered into a Sixth Extension Agreement that extended the Bridge Loan maturity date from to and the Executive Loans maturity date from to . 

 On September 8, 2022, EVO and Antara Capital entered into the SPA and consummated the Recapitalization Transactions. For more information regarding the SPA and the Recapitalization Transactions, refer to the heading Securities Purchase Agreement above. 

 On December 23, 2022, Antara Capital, the Executive Lenders, CEOF and Hudson Park amended and restated the Bridge Loan to reflect the assigned portions of the Bridge Loan to CEOF and Hudson Park. No changes were made to the Bridge Loan in connection with the assignment to CEOF and Hudson Park and no payments were made to the holders of the debt. This event is a transaction among debt holders. 

 In evaluating the Company s ability to continue as a going concern and its potential need to seek additional financing from outside sources, management also considered the following conditions: The counterparty to the Company s accounts receivable factoring arrangement is not obligated to purchase the Company s accounts receivable or make advances to the Company under such arrangement; 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Company is not in compliance with certain covenants in its debt agreements (Refer to Note 5, Debt , for further discussion); and 

 There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain additional financing in the future via the incurrence of additional indebtedness or via the sale of EVO s common stock or preferred stock. 

 As a result of the circumstances described above, the Company may not have sufficient liquidity to make the required payments on its debt, factoring or leasing obligations; to satisfy future operating expenses; to make capital expenditures; or to provide for other cash needs. Management s plans to mitigate the Company s current conditions include: Cost reduction efforts; 

 Improvements to operations to improve driver productivity; 

 Purchases of trucks and trailers to reduce purchased transportation and rental vehicles; 

 Replacement of older trucks with newer trucks to lower the overall cost of ownership and improve cash flow through reduced maintenance and fuel costs; 

 Negotiating with related parties and third parties to refinance existing debt and lease obligations; 

 Potential future public or private debt or equity offerings; 

 Acquiring new profitable contracts and negotiating revised pricing for existing contracts; and 

 Profitably expanding trucking revenue. 

 Notwithstanding management s plans, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in its efforts to address its current liquidity and capital resource constraints. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern for the next 12 months from the issuance of these consolidated financial statements within EVO s Form 10-K. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. Refer to Notes 4, 5, and 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our factoring, debt, and lease obligations, including the future maturities of such obligations. Refer to Note 13, Subsequent Events , for further information regarding changes in the Company s debt obligations and liquidity subsequent to December 31, 2022. 

cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 which represents cash required to be set aside by a standby letters of credit related to workers compensation and general liabilities accrued in our condensed consolidated financials. Restricted cash is included in deposits and other long-term assets on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. See Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies , for further details around the letters of credit. 
 possible that the Company s estimate of the allowance for doubtful accounts will change and that losses ultimately incurred could differ materially from the amounts estimated in determining the allowance. Receivable balances are written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts when, in the judgment of management, they are considered uncollectible. 
 and of the consolidated trade accounts receivable balance, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the USPS generated revenue represented and , respectively, of total trucking revenue and and , respectively, of the Company s consolidated total revenue. The USPS is operated by the United States Federal government; therefore, the Company does not believe there is significant credit or collections risk related to the accounts receivable balance due from the USPS. If the Company were to lose its relationship, or is unable to renew existing contracts, with the USPS, it would have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 
 - 

Trailers 
 
 - 

Equipment 
 
 - 

Leasehold improvements 
 
 - 

indefinite-lived intangible assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. For long-lived assets held for sale, assets are written down to fair value, less cost to sell. Fair value is determined based on discounted cash flows, appraised values or management's estimates, depending upon the nature of the assets. There was impairment of long-lived assets during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 

million of any combination of debt and/or equity financing transactions after the date of grant. Since such financing transactions are outside the Company s control, the Company does not deem the performance condition to be probable of achievement until the cumulative financing transactions have been completed. Once the cumulative financing transactions have been completed and the vesting of the awards is accelerated, the Company accelerates its recognition of stock-based compensation expense and records any previously unrecognized compensation cost associated with the affected awards on such date. 

Accrued and undeclared preferred stock dividends in arrears 

() 

() 

Inducement to convert preferred stock into common stock 

() 

Net income (loss) available to common stockholders - numerator for basic EPS 

() 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

million Secured Convertible Promissory Notes 

Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred stock 

Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred stock 

Subtotal 

Adjusted net income (loss) available to common stockholders - numerator for diluted EPS 

() 

Denominator: 

Denominator for basic EPS - weighted average common shares outstanding 

Effect of dilutive securities: 

million Secured Convertible Promissory Notes 

Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred stock 

Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred stock 

Subtotal 

Denominator for diluted EPS - adjusted weighted average common shares outstanding 

Basic EPS 

() 

Diluted EPS 

() 

Warrants 

Common stock to be issued upon conversion of Four convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of million 

Common stock and warrant to be issued for purchase of fixed assets 

Total 

Allocating Transaction Price to Performance Obligations The transaction price is allocated in its entirety to transportation services, as this is the only performance obligation. 

 Revenue Recognition Revenues are recognized over time as satisfaction of the promised contractual delivery agreements are completed, in an amount that reflects the fixed price or the rate per mile set in the contract. Generally, the Company does not have material revenue in transit at period end. 

 Freight Contract Identification A legally enforceable contract is executed by both parties at the point of pickup at the shipper s location, as evidenced by a bill of lading. Although the Company may have master agreements with its customers, these master agreements only establish general terms. There is no financial obligation until the load is tendered/accepted and the Company takes possession of the load. 

 Performance Obligations The Company s only performance obligation for freight trucking operations is transportation services. The Company s delivery, accessorial, and dedicated truck capacity represent a bundle of services that are highly interdependent and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer. These services are not capable of being distinct from one another and the Company does not offer them on a stand-alone basis. 

 Transaction Price Depending on the contract, the total transaction price may consist of mileage revenue, fuel adjustments, and accessorial fees. There is no significant financing component in the transaction price, as the customers generally pay within the contractual payment terms of 30 to 120 days. 

 Allocating Transaction Price to Performance Obligations The transaction price is allocated in its entirety to transportation services, as this is the only performance obligation. 

 Revenue Recognition Revenues are recognized over time as satisfaction of the promised contractual delivery agreements are completed. Generally, the Company does not have material revenue in transit at period end. 

Freight revenue 

Other revenue 

Total Trucking revenue 

million to one of EVO s subsidiaries as additional compensation for transportation services provided to the USPS under certain DRO contracts. Subsequently, on February 19, 2021, the Company and the USPS entered into an additional settlement agreement whereby the USPS agreed to pay approximately million to certain other Company subsidiaries as additional compensation for transportation services provided to the USPS under other DRO contracts. In connection with the settlement agreements, the Company and the USPS agreed to make certain adjustments to the Company s DRO contracts, including rate adjustments effective for the fourth quarter of 2020 and future periods. As a result of those adjustments, the USPS agreed to pay an additional million to the Company for transportation services provided in the fourth quarter of 2020. The USPS has made all payments associated with these settlement agreements and they were received by the Factor (as defined in Note 4, Factoring Arrangements on behalf of the Company during the first quarter of 2021. In addition, amounts totaling million that were previously paid by the USPS to the Company during 2020 became subject to the terms of the settlement agreements and were recognized as a deferred gain as of December 31, 2020. All aforementioned amounts totaling million were recognized as other revenue during the first quarter of 2021 in the consolidated statement of operations. Such amounts are for transportation services provided during 2020 and prior years, are not subject to refund and are not contingent upon the Company providing future transportation services. 
 reportable segments Trucking and CNG Fueling Stations. Effective January 1, 2022, the Company determined that its business operates as one reportable segment because: (i) the Company measures profit and loss as a whole; (ii) the principal decision makers do not review information based on any operating segment; (iii) the Company has not chosen to organize its business around different products and services; (iv) the Company has not chosen to organize its business around geographic areas; and (v) the revenues, profits, assets and liabilities of the CNG Fueling Stations are immaterial for all periods presented. 
 
 t identified any material uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Interest and penalties associated with tax positions are recorded within income tax expense. Tax years that remain subject to examination include 2019 through the current year for federal and generally 2018 through the current year for state purposes. 
 of this guidance on did t have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. Accounting Pronouncements to be Adopted In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) . The new guidance changes the accounting for estimated credit losses pertaining to certain types of financial instruments including, but not limited to, trade and lease receivables. This pronouncement will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022. Early adoption of the guidance is permitted for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company does not believe this standard will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity . Under ASU 2020-06, the embedded conversion features are no longer separated from the host contract for convertible instruments with conversion features that are not required to be accounted for as derivatives under Topic 815, or that do not result in substantial premiums accounted for as paid-in capital. Consequently, a convertible debt instrument will be accounted for as a single liability measured at its amortized cost, as long as no other features require bifurcation and recognition as derivatives. The new guidance also requires the if-converted method be applied for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, with early adoption permitted. Adoption of the standard requires using either the modified retrospective or the retrospective approach. The Company is currently evaluating and assessing the impact this guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements. 

Allowance for doubtful accounts 

() 

() 

Equipment 

Land 

Leasehold improvements 

Computer equipment 

Office equipment 

Less accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, wa s million and million, respectively. 

() 

() 

Trade names 

() 

() 

Non-competition agreements 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 wa s million a nd million, respectively. The weighted-average remaining useful life of the finite-lived intangible assets was 7 years as of December 31, 2022 , of which the weighted-average remaining useful life for the customer relationships was years, for the trade names was years and for the non-competition agreements was years. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Acquisitions 

Impairment 

All of the Company's goodwill is included in its Trucking reporting unit. 

Compensation, related taxes and benefits 

Insurance 

Other 

F- 16 
 
 EVO TRANSPORTATION ENERGY SERVICES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 million and million, respectively, related to this software technology, and million and was owed as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Sheehy Settlement Agreement On September 27, 2022, EVO, Sheehy Mail Contractors, Inc. Sheehy ), Sheehy Enterprises, Inc. SEI ), North American Dispatch Systems, LLC NADS ), John Sheehy J. Sheehy ), Robert Sheehy R. Sheehy and, together with SEI, NADS, and J. Sheehy, the Sheehy Parties entered into a Settlement Agreement (the Sheehy Settlement Agreement which consummated the following: (i) terminated the services agreement with NADS with the receipt of million over multiple installments through August 31, 2023; (ii) Sheehy agreed to pledge million in cash collateral held in the SEI captive insurance member account, under the CSPA, on or before March 1, 2024; (iii) modified an equipment lease between Sheehy and SEI; and (iv) SEI waived and agreed to not exercise the million put right with the receipt of million over multiple installments through December 31, 2023. Accordingly, EVO is no longer obligated to redeem the common stock held by SEI. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , redeemable common stock was and million, respectively. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements - Collateral Security Pledge Agreement On January 2, 2019 EVO acquired all of the outstanding equity interests in Sheehy. Sheehy is engaged in the business of fulfilling government contracts for freight trucking services, as well as providing freight trucking services to non-government entities. On January 31, 2019, the Company entered into a letter agreement with SEI, to satisfy the Sheehy captive insurance security deposit requirement for 2019 (see Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies Off Balance Sheet Arrangements Captive Insurance). The letter agreement references a Collateral Security Pledge Agreement among SEI, Sheehy and the insurance captive CSPA ). In connection with the Sheehy Settlement Agreement, Sheehy pledged million in cash collateral held in the SEI captive insurance member account, under the CSPA, on or before March 1, 2024, and SEI agreed to continue its collateral pledge until that time. Creditor Exchange Agreements As noted in Note 5, Debt , Danny Cuzick, John and Ursula Lampsa and Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. exchanged historical promissory notes issued by EVO and its subsidiaries for (i) warrants to purchase shares of common stock of EVO; (ii) a payment and (iii) the Takeback Notes resulting in a restructuring gain of approximately million recorded within additional paid-in-capital as of December 31, 2022. Amendments to Leases In connection with the Recapitalization Transactions, Ursa Major Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of EVO Ursa ), entered into two separate lease amendments with Ursa Oak Creek LLC and Ursa Group LLC. The amendments provided that the monthly offset payments under Ursa s leases will continue until the earliest of (i) September 8, 2027, (ii) the date that the Takeback Note issued to John and Ursula Lampsa is satisfied in full, and (iii) the date the lease is terminated other than for Ursa s breach. See Note 5, Debt , for further information regarding the Takeback Notes. Purchase of Fixed Assets On October 15, 2019, EVO shares of EVO s common stock and a warrant to purchase shares of EVO s common stock at an exercise price of per share. Although the transaction was not consummated, the Company recorded million related to the tractors within property and equipment, net on its consolidated balance sheets included in this annual report, with an associated million related to EVO s obligation to issue the common stock and the warrant to purchase common stock within common stock issuable. In October 2023, EVO, the stockholder and his affiliated company entered into a settlement agreement to mutually rescind the transaction. For information regarding additional related party transactions, see Note 5, Debt and Note 6, Stockholders Deficit and Warrants . 

 F- 17 
 
 EVO TRANSPORTATION ENERGY SERVICES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 of the contracted accounts receivable balance for a given month to the factoring subsidiary (the Advance Amount with the remaining balance, less fees, to be forwarded once the Factor collects the full accounts receivable balance from the factoring customer. On March 9, 2021, the Company and the Factor entered into a Letter-of-Intent and Memo of Understanding related to the application of certain proceeds received from the USPS in the first quarter of 2021, arising out of the settlement agreements described in Note 1, Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. Pursuant to the agreement, the parties agreed that the Factor would retain and apply approximately million of net proceeds plus funds held in reserve to the outstanding principal amount of the overadvances. The parties further agreed that the Company will repay the remaining overadvances balance of approximately million in equal installments beginning and that the Factor would apply funds held in reserve against the approximately million remaining balance of advances made to the Company during September 2020. 

Overadvances 

Total 

The Factor may require, at its discretion at any time, the Company to repay unearned future contract advances or purchased accounts receivable that have not been paid by the customer. Financing costs are primarily comprised of an interest rate of Prime (subject to a floor) plus (resulting in a rate of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively). There is also a factor fee of of the face amount of the invoice factored and an associated penalty increase for purchased accounts that remain unpaid for 31 days. Total interest and financing fees for factored receivables for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 w ere million and million, respectively. The fees are included in interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 

 F- 18 
 
 EVO TRANSPORTATION ENERGY SERVICES, INC. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 million financing agreement (the Financing Agreement among EVO, each subsidiary of EVO, various lenders from time to time party thereto and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent. Pursuant to the Financing Agreement, the Company initially borrowed million and borrowed the remaining million during October 2019 (the Term Loan ). All of EVO s subsidiaries were originally guarantors under the Financing Agreement. The Term Loan is secured by all assets of EVO and its subsidiaries, including pledges of all equity in EVO s subsidiaries and is not subject to registration rights. The Financing Agreement contains covenants, subject to specific exceptions, that limit (i) the making of investments, (ii) the incurrence of additional indebtedness, (iii) the incurrence of liens, (iv) payments and asset transfers with restricted junior loan parties or subsidiaries, including dividends, (v) transactions with stockholders and affiliates and (vi) asset dispositions and acquisitions, among others. The Term Loan bears interest at per annum and had an original maturity date of . Until December 31, 2019, interest on the Term Loan was paid in kind and capitalized as additional principal, and the Company had the option to pay interest on the capitalized interest in cash or in kind. After December 31, 2019, monthly interest payments were due in cash, and all outstanding principal and interest will be due on the maturity date. for each early payment made or coming due on or prior to September 16, 2020, (2) after September 16, 2020, for each early payment made or coming due on or prior to September 16, 2021, and (3) thereafter, premium shall be due. Proceeds were used (i) to effect the Ritter acquisition, (ii) to refinance and retire existing indebtedness, and (iii) for general working capital needs. warrants (the 0.01 Warrant and the Warrant and collectively, the Antara Warrants to Antara Capital to purchase an aggregate of shares of EVO's common stock (the Antara Warrant Shares ). The Warrant grants Antara Capital the right to purchase up to Antara Warrant Shares at an exercise price of per share and is exercisable for from the date of issuance. The Warrant grants Antara Capital the right to purchase up to Antara Warrant Shares at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment for certain distributions, stock splits and issuances of common stock, and is exercisable for from the date of issuance. If the fair market value of the Antara Warrant Shares is greater than the related exercise price at the end of the exercise period (the Antara Warrant Shares are in the money ), then any outstanding Antara Warrants that are in the money will be automatically deemed to be exercised immediately prior to the end of the exercise period. Pursuant to the Antara Warrants, EVO granted Antara Capital preemptive rights to purchase its pro rata share, determined based on the number of shares held by Antara Capital or into which Antara Capital s Antara Warrants are exercisable, of capital stock issued by EVO after the issuance date of the Antara Warrants, subject to certain excepted issuances. EVO issued a warrant for shares of EVO's common stock to Antara at an exercise price of per share (the Side Letter Warrant subject to the Company's potential acquisition of LoadTrek, a GPS system designed for the trucking industry, owned by a related party. Had the Company successfully completed an acquisition of certain assets of LoadTrek or met financial performance metrics set forth in the warrant agreement, all or a portion of the shares underlying the Side Letter Warrant were subject to cancellation. The Company did not acquire the LoadTrek assets nor did it meet the financial performance metrics and the Side Letter Warrant was subsequently amended to remove the cancellation provision and, therefore, none of the shares underlying the warrant were cancelled. Since the Term Loan, Antara Warrants and Side Letter Warrant were negotiated in contemplation of each other and executed within a short period of time, the Company evaluated the debt and warrants as a combined arrangement. Since the Antara Warrants and Side Letter Warrants are liability classified we recorded these items at their fair value and the residual proceeds were allocated to the Term Loan. The non-lender fees incurred to establish the financing arrangement were allocated to the Term Loan and capitalized on the Company s balance sheet as debt issuance costs, which are amortized using the effective interest method into interest expense over the term of the Term Loan. The Term Loan was further evaluated for the existence of embedded features to be bifurcated from the amount allocated to the debt component. The Term Loan agreement contains a mandatory prepayment feature that was determined to be an embedded derivative, requiring bifurcation and fair value recognition for the derivative liability. The fair value of this derivative liability is remeasured at each reporting period, with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statement of operations. Any changes in the assumptions used in measuring the fair value of the derivative liability could result in a material increase or decrease in its carrying value. The allocation of the proceeds to the debt component and the bifurcation of the embedded derivative liability resulted in a million debt discount that is amortized to interest expense over the term of the Term Loan. Forbearance Agreement and Incremental Amendment to Financing Agreement During February 2020, the Company entered into a Forbearance Agreement and Incremental Amendment to Financing Agreement (the Incremental Amendment ), pursuant to which the Company obtained an additional million of term loan commitments (the Incremental Term Loans and borrowed million from Antara Capital on the same terms as its existing term loan commitments provided under the Financing Agreement. per annum, with monthly interest payments due in cash and all outstanding principal and interest due on the maturity date. The Incremental Term Loans may be prepaid at any time, subject to payment of a prepayment premium equal to (i) of each prepayment made on or prior to September 16, 2020, and (ii) of each prepayment made after September 16, 2020, but on or prior to September 16, 2021, with premium due after September 16, 2021. Pursuant to the Incremental Amendment, the collateral agent and other lenders agreed to forbear from exercising certain rights, remedies, powers, privileges, and defenses under the Financing Agreement and the other related loan documents during the forbearance period with respect to certain events of default and/or expected or anticipated events of default arising under the Financing Agreement. The Incremental Amendment also suspended the accrual of interest at the post-default rate until the end of the forbearance period. financing fee in connection with its entry into the Incremental Amendment. The Company also reimbursed the Collateral Agent for million of fees, costs, and expenses previously accrued under the Financing Agreement and in addition paid fees, costs and expenses of the Collateral Agent and the lenders newly incurred in connection with the Incremental Amendment. shares (the Antara Warrant Shares 2020 of EVO s common stock at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment for certain distributions, stock splits and issuances of common stock, as an incentive. The issuance of this warrant results in an additional debt discount that is amortized to interest expense over the term of the debt using the effective interest method. The Antara Warrant 2020 is exercisable for from the date of issuance. If the fair market value of the Antara Warrant Shares 2020 is greater than at the end of the exercise period, then the Antara Warrant 2020 will be deemed to be exercised automatically and immediately prior to the end of the exercise period. Pursuant to the Antara Warrant 2020, EVO granted Antara Capital preemptive rights to purchase its pro rata share, determined based on the number of shares held by Antara Capital or into which warrants held by Antara Capital (including the Antara Warrant 2020) are exercisable, of capital stock issued by EVO after the issuance date of the Antara Warrant 2020, subject to certain excepted issuances. The Company accounted for the Incremental Amendment as a modification of the Financing Agreement. The Company capitalized the estimated fair value of the Antara Warrant 2020 and fees paid to Antara Capital on its balance sheet as a discount on the Incremental Term Loans, which is amortized using the effective interest method into interest expense over the term of the Incremental Term Loans. Amendment to Forbearance Agreement and Second Incremental Amendment to Financing Agreement During March 2020, the Company entered into an amendment to forbearance agreement and second incremental amendment to financing agreement (the Second Incremental Amendment ), pursuant to which the Company obtained an additional million in term loan commitments (the Second Incremental Term Loans and together with the Term Loan and the Incremental Term Loans, the EVO Term Loans and borrowed million from Antara Capital on the same terms as its existing term loan commitments provided under the Financing Agreement. The Second Incremental Term Loans bear interest at per annum, with monthly interest payments due in cash and all outstanding principal and interest due on the maturity date. of each prepayment made on or prior to September 16, 2020 and (ii) of each prepayment made after September 16, 2020 but on or prior to September 16, 2021, with premium due after September 16, 2021. The Second Incremental Amendment also suspends the accrual of interest at the post-default rate until the end of the forbearance period. The forbearance period was scheduled to terminate on the earliest of (a) September 30, 2020, (b) the occurrence of any event of default other than the specified defaults, or (c) the date on which any breach of any of the conditions or agreements, including without limitation the affirmative covenants, provided in the Incremental Amendment or Second Incremental Amendment occurs. The Company paid all fees, costs and expenses of the collateral agent and the lenders incurred in connection with the Incremental Amendment and the Second Incremental Amendment. The Company accounted for the Second Incremental Amendment as a modification of the Financing Agreement. The Company capitalized the fees paid to Antara Capital on its balance sheet as a discount on the Second Incremental Term Loans, which is amortized using the effective interest method into interest expense over the term of the Second Incremental Term Loans. Waiver and Agreement to Issue Warrant Effective March 31, 2020, the Company entered into a Waiver and Agreement to Issue Warrant (the Waiver Agreement with Antara Capital and the collateral agent, which modified a certain affirmative covenant and waived another affirmative covenant in the Financing Agreement and, in exchange, EVO agreed to issue to Antara Capital a warrant to purchase up to shares of EVO s common stock at an exercise price of per share as an incentive. The Company accounted for this issuance to Antara Capital as an extinguishment of the existing debt and the execution of a new debt instrument. Second Amendment to Forbearance Agreement and Omnibus Amendment to Loan Agreement During October 2020, the Company entered into a second amendment to forbearance agreement and omnibus amendment to loan documents (the Omnibus Amendment ). The Omnibus Amendment (i) extended the forbearance period until December 31, 2020, (ii) added EVO Holding as a borrower under the Financing Agreement, (iii) authorized EVO and/or its subsidiaries to incur unsecured indebtedness of up to under the Paycheck Protection Program of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act and (iv) extended the timelines under which EVO and its subsidiaries are required to comply with certain affirmative covenants set forth in the Financing Agreement, Incremental Amendment, and Second Incremental Amendment. The Omnibus Amendment contained the following additional covenants: EVO was required to either (a) fully consummate the acquisition by EVO Equipment Leasing, LLC of used CNG tractors on or before January 3, 2021 or (b) issue shares of EVO s common stock to the lenders. The Company did not fully consummate the acquisition of the used CNG tractors by January 3, 2021 and became obligated on that date to issue the shares of EVO s common stock to the lenders. 

 EVO was required to issue to each of the lenders ratably warrants authorizing each such lender to, on or after January 1, 2021, purchase its ratable share of up to shares of EVO's common stock at the pric e of per share with a expiration. If EVO or any of its subsidiaries had not repaid or partially repaid the obligations with the net proceeds (in the amount of at least million) of a financing under the Main Street Lending Program on or before December 31, 2020, then EVO was required to issue an additional warrants to the lenders. The Company had not repaid the million by December 31, 2020. Therefore, EVO was required to issue warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of EVO s common stock to the lenders. 

 All warrants previously issued to the lenders, at the election of each lender holding same, were exchanged without any cash consideration for warrants to purchase for per share of EVO's common stock at the rate of warrants per share of EVO's common stock. As a result, warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of EVO s common stock at a price of per share were exchanged for an aggregate of shares of EVO s common stock at a price of per share. 

 The Company accounted for the Omnibus Amendment as a modification of the Financing Agreement. The Company capitalized the estimated fair value of the warrants to purchase shares of EVO's common stock at the price of per share, the change in fair value resulting from the warrant exchange, and the fees paid to Antara Capital on its balance sheet as an additional discount on the Financing Agreement, which is amortized using the effective interest method into interest expense over the term of the Financing Agreement. The Company recognized the estimated fair value of the shares of EVO's common stock as interest expense during the first quarter of 2021. The Paycheck Protection Program loan (the PPP Loan was forgiven by the Small Business Adminstration (the SBA in July 2021, which resulted in a million gain on extinguishment of debt in July 2021. Second Omnibus Amendment to Loan Documents On December 14, 2020, the Company entered into a second omnibus amendment to loan documents (the Second Omnibus Amendment to, among other things, authorize EVO Holding, Ritter Transport, Inc., John W. Ritter Trucking, Inc., Johmar Leasing Company, LLC, and Ritter Transportation Systems, Inc., each of which is a subsidiary owned directly or indirectly by the Company, to obtain a Main Street Loan in the amount of up to million under the Main Street Priority Loan Program authorized by Section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act. Pursuant to the Second Omnibus Amendment, the forbearance period was terminated and the collateral agent and other lenders agreed to waive all existing defaults or events of default under the Financing Agreement that occurred and were continuing as of the date of the Second Omnibus Amendment. Under the Second Omnibus Amendment, interest on the term loans under the Financing Agreement is payable in kind at the rate of per annum for the first eight full or partial calendar quarters following the effective date of the Second Omnibus Amendment and is payable in cash , subject to satisfaction of certain unrestricted cash availability requirements , at the rate of per annum commencing with the ninth calendar quarter following the effective date. As a result of the Main Street Loan, the Second Omnibus Amendment, and related agreements, payment of the principal balance of the EVO Term Loans is subject and subordinate to the prior payment in full of all obligations under the Main Street Loan. The Company accounted for the Second Omnibus Amendment as a modification of the Financing Agreement. As of the date of this filing, interest is still being paid in kind at . Main Street Priority Loan Program Facility with Commerce Bank of Arizona, Inc. On December 29, 2020, EVO Holding, Ritter Transport, Inc., John W. Ritter Trucking, Inc., Johmar Leasing Company, LLC, and Ritter Transportation Systems, Inc. (collectively, the Borrowers ), each of which is a subsidiary owned directly or indirectly by the Company, entered into a Loan Agreement dated December 14, 2020 (the Loan Agreement and related documents (together with the Loan Agreement, the Loan Documents for a loan in the amount of up to million (the Main Street Loan serviced by Commerce Bank of Arizona, Inc. (the Bank as lender under the Main Street Priority Loan Program authorized by Section 13(3) of the Federal Reserve Act. The Borrowers and the Bank subsequently entered into a Modification Agreement to the Loan Agreement dated December 22, 2020 (the Modification Agreement and a Second Modification Agreement to the Loan Agreement dated December 23, 2020 (the Second Modification Agreement ). During the first quarter of 2021, the Borrowers used all of the net proceeds of the Main Street Loan to refinance a portion of the amount outstanding under the Financing Agreement discussed above under the caption Forbearance Agreement and Incremental Amendment to Financing Agreement and to pay related prepayment premiums. The Main Street Loan has a term and bears interest at a rate equal to the sum of percent per year plus (ii) the rates per year quoted by Bank as Bank s three-month LIBOR rate based upon quotes of the London Interbank Offered Rate, as quoted for U.S. Dollars by Bloomberg, or other comparable services selected by the Bank (the LIBOR Index ). Such interest rate will change once every third month on the fifth day of the month and will be the LIBOR Index on the day which is two banking days prior to the date the change becomes effective. Accrued but unpaid interest on the Main Street Loan for loan year one (i.e., the period of December 14, 2020 to December 14, 2021) will be added to the principal amount of the Main Street Loan on December 14, 2021. Following the end of loan year one, interest on the Main Street Loan will be payable on the 14th day of the last month of each calendar quarter (i.e., March 14, June 14, September 14 and December 14 of each year), with the first interest payment due on . In addition, on December 14, 2023 and December 14, 2024, the Borrowers must make an annual payment of principal plus accrued but unpaid interest with the principal in an amount equal to of the Main Street Loan amount plus capitalized interest. The entire outstanding principal balance of the Main Street Loan, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, is due and payable in full on . The Borrowers may prepay the Main Street Loan at any time without incurring any prepayment penalties. The Loan Documents contain customary events of default, including, among others, those relating to a failure to make payment, bankruptcy, cross default under other credit facilities, breaches of representations and covenants, and the occurrence of certain events. The Loan Documents also contain customary remedies for a facility of this type, exercisable following the occurrence of an event of default, including, among others, the rights to terminate the Bank s commitment under Loan Agreement, accelerate the maturity date, foreclose the liens and security interests securing the Main Street Loan, and all other rights and remedies available under the Loan Documents and applicable law. As security for the Main Street Loan, the Borrowers granted the Bank a security interest in and to substantially all of their respective properties, and the Company guaranteed the payment and performance of the Borrower s obligations under the Loan Documents. In connection with the Main Street Loan, EVO contributed of the issued and outstanding equity of Environmental Alternative Fuels, LLC EAF to EVO Holding with the consent of Danny Cuzick as the holder of certain previously disclosed promissory notes that are secured in part by the assets of EAF. In consideration of Danny Cuzick s consent to the contribution, the Company agreed to (a) indemnify Danny Cuzick for up to million in connection with Danny Cuzick s guaranty of certain obligations of EVO and its subsidiaries to Mercedes-Benz Financial Services USA LLC and (b) issue to Danny Cuzick a warrant (the Cuzick Warrant to purchase up to shares of EVO's common stock at the cost of per share. Danny Cuzick is a former member of EVO s Board. The Company capitalized the estimated fair value of the Cuzick Warrant on its balance sheet as a discount on the Main Street Loan, which is amortized using the effective interest method into interest expense over the term of the Main Street Loan. Bridge Loan and Executive Loans On March 11, 2022, EVO and certain subsidiary guarantors of the Company entered into the Bridge Loan Agreement with Antara Capital and the Executive Lenders. Pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreement, the Company borrowed million from Antara Capital and had the ability to borrow up to an additional million from Antara Capital prior to May 31, 2022, and also borrowed million from the Executive Lenders. million of the amount the Company borrowed from the Executive Lenders was borrowed in exchange for Batuta's surrender of a Secured Convertible Note in the principal amount of million dated August 8, 2018 that Batuta previously purchased from Dane Capital Fund LP. The Bridge Loan bears interest at 14 per annum and had an original The Executive Loans bear interest at per annum and had an original maturity date of June 3, 2022 (although all payments in respect of the Executive Loans are subordinated in right and time of payment to all payments in respect of the Bridge Loan) . Interest on the Bridge Loan and Executive Loans will accrue until the principal balances are repaid. principal and interest payments are due until maturity. Refer to Note 13, Subsequent Events , for discussion regarding the subsequent assignment of certain amounts owed to Antara Capital. In the event of a default, the lenders have the right to terminate their obligations under the Bridge Loan Agreement and to accelerate the payment on any unpaid principal amount of all outstanding loans. As defined in the Bridge Loan Agreement, events of default include, but are not limited to: failure by the Company to pay any amount due under the Bridge Loan Agreement when due; default by EVO or any of its subsidiaries for failure to pay amounts due and payable under any indebtedness in an amount in excess of million if the effect of such default is to accelerate the maturity of any such indebtedness; and any representation or warranty made in connection with the Bridge Loan Agreement being materially false. In connection with the Bridge Loan Agreement, and as a condition to the Company drawing the Bridge Loan pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreement, on March 11, 2022, EVO granted Antara Capital warrants to purchase EVO's common stock at an exercise price of per share and granted the Executive Lenders an aggregate of warrants to purchase EVO's common stock at an exercise price of per share (collectively, the Bridge Loan Warrants ), subject to certain adjustments. Each Bridge Loan Warrant may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, pursuant to the terms of such warrants, for a period of from the date of issuance. The estimated fair value of the liability-classified Bridge Loan Warrants upon issuance was million and a) the Company capitalized million on its balance sheet as a discount on the Bridge Loan and Executive Loans, which is amortized into interest expense over the term of the Bridge Loan and Executive Loans; b) the Company immediately recorded million as interest expense, which represents the estimated fair value of the Bridge Loan Warrants in excess of the principal due on the Bridge Loan and Executive Loans; and c) the Company recorded a million loss on extinguishment of the Batuta Secured Convertible Note. Amendments to Bridge Loan and Executive Loans On June 30, 2022, the Company, Antara Capital and the Executive Lenders entered into a Second Extension Agreement that extended the Bridge Loan maturity date from to and the Executive Loans maturity date from to . On July 8, 2022, the Company, Antara Capital and the Executive Lenders entered into a Third Extension Agreement that extended the Bridge Loan maturity date from to and the Executive Loans maturity date from to . In addition, the Third Extension Agreement stipulated that on or before July 13, 2022, the Board of Directors of EVO shall have duly approved and filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware a Certificate of Designation to evidence the issuance of a new series of Series D Non-Participating Participating Preferred Stock, par value, that will, upon issuance, entitle Antara Capital (in its capacity as sole holder of the Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock) to vote such number of votes per share that will allow Antara Capital to exercise of the voting capital stock of EVO. On July 13, 2022, pursuant to the Third Extension Agreement, EVO filed the Series D Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, which authorized EVO to issue up to one share of Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock. Under the Series D Certificate of Designations, prior to a Bridge Loan Triggering Event and on and following the Bridge Loan Discharge Date, the holders of Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock will vote together with the holders of EVO's common stock as a single class on any Series D Shareholder Matter, and the holders of Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock will be entitled to cast a number of votes on any Series D Shareholder Matter equal to the total number of votes of all non-holders of Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock entitled to vote on any such Series D Shareholder Matter plus 10. From the occurrence of a Bridge Loan Triggering Event to (but excluding) the Bridge Loan Discharge Date, the holders of Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock (in their capacity as such) will have no voting rights except as otherwise required by law. In addition, the Series D Certificate of Designations provides that governance mechanisms that could have the effect of limiting, reducing or adversely affecting the Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock holders voting rights under the Series D Certificate of Designations will require the consent of the Series D Majority. The Series D Majority may elect to waive or decline to exercise any or all voting rights granted under the Series D Certificate of Designations, in whole or in part, on either a revocable or irrevocable basis. The issuance of one share of Series D Non-Participating Preferred to Antara Capital on July 13, 2022, resulted in a change of control of the Company, with Antara Capital having voting control on Series D Shareholder Matters. The consideration for the issuance of Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock to Antara Capital was Antara Capital's agreement to enter into the Third Extension Agreement, and the Company did not receive any cash consideration. On July 15, 2022, the Company, Antara Capital and the Executive Lenders entered into a Fourth Extension Agreement that extended the Bridge Loan maturity date from to and the Executive Loans maturity date from to . On August 12, 2022, the Company, Antara Capital and the Executive Lenders entered into a Fifth Extension Agreement that extended the Bridge Loan maturity date from to and the Executive Loans maturity date from to . On September 8, 2022, the Company, Antara Capital and the Executive Lenders, in contemplation of the SPA discussed below, entered into a Sixth Extension Agreement that extended the Bridge Loan maturity date from to and the Executive Loans maturity date from to . Amended and Restated Bridge Loan On December 23, 2022, Antara Capital, CEOF, and Hudson Park entered into a Master Assignment and Assumption agreement pursuant to which Antara Capital sold and assigned its rights and obligations in a portion of the Bridge Loan and warrants with an exercise price per share of and to CEOF and Hudson Park. On the same date, Antara Capital, the Executive Lenders, CEOF and Hudson Park amended and restated the Bridge Loan to reflect the assigned portions of the Bridge Loan to CEOF and Hudson Park. No changes were made to the Bridge Loan in connection with the assignment to CEOF and Hudson Park and no payments were made to the holders of the debt. This event is a transaction among debt holders. Amendments to and Conversion of Secured Convertible Promissory Notes On March 11, 2022, EVO entered into amendments (the Convertible Note Amendments to certain secured convertible promissory notes (the Convertible Notes dated February 1, 2017 with Danny Cuzick, individually and as holders representative on behalf of each of Damon Cuzick, Thomas Kiley and Theril Lund. The Convertible Note Amendments permitted the holder of each note and Danny Cuzick in his capacity as holders representative to convert the full amount of outstanding principal and accrued interest, without limitation related to trading volume of EVO's common stock, into either shares of EVO's common stock or warrants to purchase shares of EVO's common stock at an exercise price of per share. On March 11, 2022, Danny Cuzick, individually and as holders representative on behalf of each of Damon Cuzick, Thomas Kiley and Theril Lund, exercised the right to convert the Convertible Notes into warrants to purchase shares of EVO's common stock at an exercise price of per share. As a result, EVO granted Messrs, Cuzick, Cuzick, Kiley and Lund an aggregate of warrants to purchase EVO's common stock at per share (collectively, the Convertible Note Warrants ). Each Convertible Note Warrant may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, pursuant to the terms of such warrants, for a period of from the date of issuance. The Company accounted for the Convertible Note Amendments as an extinguishment of the existing debt and the execution of a new debt instrument. As a result, t he Company recorded a million loss on extinguishment of debt, which represents the million estimated fair value of the amended Convertible Notes in excess of the million carrying value of the original Convertible Notes. The Company accounted for the issuance of the Convertible Note Warrants as an extinguishment of the new debt instrument. As a result, the Company recorded the million carrying value of the amended Convertible Notes and the million of accrued interest as an increase in additional paid-in capital. Creditor Exchange Agreements In connection with the Recapitalization Transactions, EVO and certain of its subsidiaries, EAF and EVO Equipment Leasing, LLC (collectively, the EVO Parties ), entered into Exchange Agreements with each of Danny Cuzick, John and Ursula Lampsa, Billy (Trey) Peck Jr., Mohsin Meghji, and Robert Mendola (collectively, the Exchanging Creditors ). The Exchange Agreements permitted the Exchanging Creditors to exchange existing promissory notes issued by EVO and its subsidiaries for the issuance and delivery of (i) warrants to purchase shares of EVO's common stock at an exercise price of per share that will be exercisable following the adoption of the Charter Amendment, (ii) warrants to purchase shares of EVO's common stock at an exercise price of per share that will be exercisable following the adoption of the Charter Amendment, (iii) new promissory notes and (iv) to certain Exchanging Creditors, a specified cash payment. Refer to Note 6, Stockholders Deficit and Warrants , for discussion regarding the Charter Amendment. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreements, the Exchanging Creditors exchanged promissory notes issued by EVO and its subsidiaries in the aggregate amount of principal and accrued interest of approximately million for (i) warrants to purchase shares of EVO's common stock at per share, (ii) warrants to purchase shares of EVO's common stock at per share (collectively, the Exchanging Creditors Warrants ), and (iii) new promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of approximately million (the Takeback Notes and (iv) a cash payment of million to certain Exchanging Creditors. Each warrant issued to the Exchanging Creditors at an exercise price of per share may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, pursuant to the terms of such warrants, for a period of thirty days following October 24, 2022, the date EVO s Board adopted the Charter Amendment. Each warrant issued to the Exchanging Creditors at an exercise price of per share may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, pursuant to the terms of such warrants, for a period of five years from the date of issuance. The fair value of the warrants, calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, was million. The Takeback Notes bear interest at per annum, are unsecured, and have a maturity date of . Interest on the Takeback Notes is payable in cash or in kind, at EVO s option, the first day of each January, April, July and October. If any amount of the Takeback Notes is not paid when due, then all amounts outstanding shall accrue interest at per annum default date and shall be payable on demand. EVO may, at any time and from time to time without premium or penalty, prepay all or any portion of the outstanding principal, including accrued and unpaid interest, on the Takeback Notes optional prepayment ). In the event of a default, the Exchanging Creditors have the right to terminate their obligations under the Takeback Notes and to accelerate the payment on any unpaid principal amount of all outstanding loans mandatory prepayment ). As defined in the Takeback Notes, events of default include, but are not limited to: failure by EVO to pay any amount due under the Takeback Notes when due; a voluntary or involuntary case or other proceeding commenced by or against EVO seeking liquidation, reorganization or bankruptcy. The Company concluded that the default interest rate, optional prepayment and mandatory prepayment features do not require bifurcation based on the derivative accounting scope exception in ASC 815 for certain contracts involving an entity s own equity. The Creditor Exchange Amendments constitutes as a troubled debt restructuring TDR under ASC 470-60, Troubled Debt Restructuring, because the Company is experiencing financial difficulty and a concession has been granted by each Exchanging Creditor. As the TDR involves a partial settlement of debt through transfer of assets and grant of an equity interest, the carrying amount of the original debt is reduced by the cash paid and the fair value of the equity interests. When the reduced net carrying value of the debt exceeds the future undiscounted cash flows, the carrying amount is reduced to the amount of future undiscounted cash flows, including amounts contingently payable. A restructuring gain is recognized and is reduced by any third-party restructuring costs. Future cash payments will be recorded as reductions in the carrying amount of the debt. No further interest expense will be recognized, unless required in connection with contingent payments. The Company recorded a total restructuring gain of approximately million. The Company calculated the restructuring gain by comparing the carrying value of the debt, million, reduced by million paid in cash and million of equity instruments issued to the Exchanging Creditors, with the undiscounted future cash flows of the Takeback Notes. When determining the undiscounted future cash flows of the Takeback Notes, the Company assumed that all interest through the life of the Takeback Notes will be paid in kind, included contingent payments of million, and other sweeteners paid to the Exchanging Creditors. The Company reduced the restructuring gain by million for legal fees related to the TDR. As three of the Exchanging Creditors are considered Related Parties, we recorded the restructuring gain associated with these parties as a capital contribution resulting in million of the restructuring gain recorded within additional paid-in-capital as of December 31, 2022 . The remaining million was recorded as a restructuring gain in other miscellaneous income for the year ended December 31, 2022. The per share effect of the restructuring gain on both basic and diluted earnings per common share was immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 3, Related Party Transactions , regarding the Exchanging Creditors that are related parties. Amendment to Loan Agreement (Clean Energy) On September 2, 2022, EVO, Thunder Ridge Transport, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of EVO Thunder Ridge ), Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. and Clean Energy entered into a First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement (the Clean Energy Amendment that amended the Loan and Security Agreement between Thunder Ridge and Clean Energy dated August 31, 2017. The Clean Energy Amendment extended the maturity date of the loan from Clean Energy to Thunder Ridge from July 31, 2022 to March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Clean Energy Amendment, Thunder Ridge agreed to pay Clean Energy (i) million on or before September 30, 2022, (ii) six payments of million on or before each of September 30, 2022, October 31, 2022, November 30, 2022, December 31, 2022, January 31, 2023 and February 28, 2023, (iii) million on or before December 31, 2022, and (iv) million on or before March 31, 2023. The amendment with Clean Energy was accounted for as a TDR because the Company is experiencing financial difficulty and the new payment structure results in the effective borrowing rate decreasing after the restructuring, which was determined to be a concession granted by Clean Energy. Since the future undiscounted cash flows of the restructured notes payable exceed the net carrying value of the original note payable due to the maturity date extension, the modification was accounted for prospectively with no gain or loss recorded in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 (1) 

(2) 

(b) 1.3 million note payable 

(c) 4.0 million Secured Convertible Promissory Notes Secured Convertible Notes 

(d) 0.3 million note payable 

(e) Thunder Ridge supplier advance 

(f) Various notes payable acquired from J.B. Lease Corporation JB Lease 

(g) 0.8 million note payable 

(h) 3.8 million note payable 

(i) Failed sale-leaseback obligations 

(j) Notes payable to three financing companies 

(k) Finkle equipment notes 

(l) Takeback Notes 

Total before debt issuance costs and debt discount 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Debt premiums / (discounts), net 

() 

() 

Less current portion 

() 

() 

Long-term debt, less current portion 

(1) Classified as a current liability as of December 31, 2022 due to the existence of one or more covenant violations. (2) Classified as a current liability as of December 31, 2021 due to the existence of one or more covenant violations. 
 (a) Main Street Loan 

 The million loan bears interest at a rate equal to percent per year plus the LIBOR Index. , the Borrowers must make interest payments, and the Borrowers must make principal payments equal to of the face amount of the Main Street Loan plus capitalized interest on each of December 14, 2023 and December 14, 2024. The entire outstanding principal balance, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, is due and payable in full on . The Company classified the million unpaid principal balance, which includes million of capitalized interest, as a current liability as of December 31, 2022 due to the existence of one or more covenant violations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unamortized debt discount was million and million, respectively, and the unamortized debt issuance costs were million and million, respectively. (b) 1.3 million note payable 

 million note payable was issued December 31, 2014, with interest adjusted to the SBA LIBOR base rate, plus . The note matures , is secured by substantially all of Titan s business assets and is personally guaranteed by certain former members of Titan including a former member of our board of directors and certain of his relatives, and other beneficial owners. The note is a co-borrower arrangement between Titan and El Toro with the proceeds received by El Toro. Refer to Note 13, Subsequent Events , for discussion regarding the loan dispute settlement. (c) million Secured Convertible Promissory Notes 

 The Secured Convertible Notes were issued during August 2018. The Company paid debt issuance costs of million in connection with the Secured Convertible Notes. They bear interest at , compounded quarterly, with principal due after issuance and are secured by all the assets of the Company. The holder may agree, at its discretion, to add accrued interest in lieu of payment to the principal balance of the Secured Convertible Notes on the first day of each calendar quarter. per share of common stock at the holder s option: 1) at any time after the first anniversary of the date of issuance or 2) at any time within 90 days after a triggering event, including a sale, reorganization, merger, or similar transaction where the Company is not the surviving entity. The Secured Convertible Notes are also subject to mandatory conversion at any time after the first anniversary of the date of issuance if the average volume of shares of common stock traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market, NYSE American Market or a higher tier of either exchange is 100,000 or more for the 10 trading days prior to the applicable date. Such a mandatory conversion has not occurred. The Secured Convertible Notes also provide that the Company will prepare and file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), as promptly as reasonably practical following the issuance date of the Secured Convertible Notes, but in no event later than 45 days following the issuance date, a registration statement on Form S-1 (the Registration Statement covering the resale of the common stock and the warrant shares and as soon as reasonably practical thereafter to effect such registration. The Company is required to pay liquidated damages of of the outstanding principal amount of the Secured Convertible Notes each 30 days if the Registration Statement is not declared effective by the SEC within 180 days of the filing date of the Registration Statement. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred million and million , respectively, and paid and , respectively, in liquidated damages to noteholders. shares of EVO's common stock at an exercise price of per share, exercisable for from the date of issuance. The fair value of the warrants issued determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model was million, calculated with a ten-year term; volatility; , or discount rates and the assumption of dividends. In March and April 2021, the Company entered into certain Note Purchase Agreements and Releases (the Note Purchase Agreements between the Company and certain holders (the Holders of the Secured Convertible Notes in the principal amount of million. The Note Purchase Agreements provide for various releases by the Holders and their respective representatives, successors, and assigns, including releases arising out of or related to the Secured Convertible Notes and the Secured Convertible Note Agreements. Pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreements, the Company agreed to purchase the Secured Convertible Notes and the Secured Convertible Note Agreements from the Holders in exchange for approximately million in cash to the Holders and to issue to the Holders warrants to purchase an aggregate of up to shares of EVO's common stock at a price of per share. The Company recognized the estimated fair value of the warrants as a million increase in additional paid-in capital and recognized a million gain on extinguishment of debt in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021, interest of less than million was added to the principal balance. Pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreement in March 2022, the Company borrowed million from Antara Capital and also borrowed million from the Executive Lenders. million of the amount the Company borrowed from the Executive Lenders was borrowed in exchange for Batuta's surrender of a Secured Convertible Note in the principal amount of million dated August 8, 2018, which the Company accounted for as the extinguishment of the million Secured Convertible Note. Pursuant to the Exchange Creditor Agreement, the remaining Secured Convertible Notes in the aggregate amount of principal and accrued interest of approximate ly million were exchanged for warrants and new promissory notes with a principal amount of approximately million. Refer to the heading Takeback Notes for further discussion on the new promissory notes resulting from the Exchange Creditor Agreements. (d) 0.3 million note payable 

 The million note payable to Bill and Deborah Graham was issued during November 2018, with interest at and a maturity date of . plus the related accrued interest. (e) Thunder Ridge supplier advance 

 million was advanced to Thunder Ridge during 2017. The advance bears interest at , is collateralized by substantially all of Thunder Ridge s assets, is guaranteed by a member of management, and has a maturity date. On September 2, 2022, the agreement was extended to March 2023. (f) Various notes payable acquired from JB Lease 

 The various notes payable acquired from JB Lease were issued to multiple lenders with interest rates ranging from to per annum. The notes have maturity dates ranging from to . These notes are collateralized by transportation equipment and guaranteed by certain stockholders of the Company. (g) 0.8 million note payable 

 The million note payable to a First Fidelity Bank was issued February 11, 2019, with interest at per annum and a maturity date of . The note is collateralized by certain equipment and guaranteed by a former member of management. During December 2021, a million note payable was issued to the same financing company that is collateralized by the same equipment. Such note payable bears interest at per annum and has a maturity date of . (h) 3.8 million note payable 

 The million note payable to Commerce Bank of Arizona was issued January 23, 2019, with interest at per annum and a maturity date of . The note is collateralized by certain equipment and guaranteed by a former member of management. (i) Failed sale-leaseback obligations 

 Certain notes payable acquired from Sheehy were payable to a bank with interest rates of to per annum and were scheduled to mature between and . During September 2020, the Company sold certain assets that are collateral for the notes payable to Equipment Leasing Services, LLC ELS for aggregate proceeds of million, used such proceeds to extinguish the notes payable, and entered into a lease agreement with ELS under which the Company agreed to lease back the assets. In addition, during 2021 the Company entered into sale-leaseback arrangements to provide approximately million in cash proceeds for previously purchased equipment. Because these leasebacks are classified as finance leases, the Company determined that it did not relinquish control of the assets to the buyer-lessor. Therefore, the Company accounted for the transactions as failed sale-leasebacks whereby the Company continues to depreciate the assets and recorded financing obligations for the consideration received from the buyer-lessor. gain or loss was recognized on these transactions. (j) Notes payable to three financing companies 

 The Company issued notes payable to three financing companies in February and October 2019 and the fourth quarter of 2021 with maturity dates in , and the fourth quarter of 2025 , respectively. The interest rates range from to , and the notes are collateralized by certain equipment. (k) Finkle equipment notes 

 The Company issued equipment notes payable to several financing companies with interest rates ranging from to and maturity dates between and . The notes are collateralized by equipment. (l) Non-Related Party Takeback Notes - two promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of million 

 The Company issued two promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of million in September 2022. The Takeback Notes bear interest at per annum, are unsecured, and have a maturity date of September 8, 2027. Interest on the Takeback Notes is payable in cash or in kind, at the Company s option, the first day of each January, April, July and October. In connection with the Exchange Creditor Agreements, the exchange constituted as a TDR, and future cash payments will be recorded as reductions in the carrying amount of the debt. No further interest expense will be recognized, unless required in connection with contingent payments. 
 
 (1) 

(2) 

(b) Four promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of 9.5 million 

(c) Bridge Loan and Executive Loans 

(d) 3.8 million senior promissory note 

(2) 

(e) 4.0 million senior promissory note 

(2) 

(f) 2.5 million promissory note - stockholder 

(g) 6.4 million promissory note - stockholder 

(h) Note payable acquired from Ritter 

(i) Takeback Notes 

Total before debt issuance costs and debt discount 

Debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Debt premiums / (discounts), net 

() 

() 

Less current portion 

() 

() 

Long-term debt, less current portion - related party 

(1) Classified as a current liability as of December 31, 2022 due to the existence of one or more covenant violations. (2) Classified as a current liability as of December 31, 2021 due to the existence of one or more covenant violations. 
 (a) Antara Financing Agreement 

 The million of EVO Term Loans, under the Antara Financing Agreement, bear interest at per annum. Beginning with the Omnibus Amendment and ending on December 14, 2020, interest was paid in kind at a rate of per annum. Beginning December 14, 2020, interest on the EVO Term Loans is payable in kind at per annum for the first eight full or partial calendar quarters following December 14, 2020 and is payable in cash at the rate of per annum commencing October 1, 2022 if certain conditions relating to prepayment of the Main Street Loan are met. All outstanding principal and interest is due on the maturity date. D uring the first quarter of 2021, the Company used all of the net proceeds from the Main Street Loan to pay down the aggregate principal amount due under the Antara Financing Agreement (including capitalized interest) from million to million, which resulted in an approximately million loss on extinguishment of debt (which includes million of prepayment penalty fees) being recognized in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company classified t he million and million unpaid principal balance, which includes capitalized interest, as current liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, due to the existence of one or more covenant violations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the unamortized debt discoun t was million a nd million, respectively. (b) Four promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of 9.5 million 

 per annum and mature . These convertible promissory notes are secured by substantially all of the assets of EAF. The Company imputed an interest rate of on the promissory notes. The discount is accreted over the period from the date of issuance to the date the promissory notes are due using the effective interest rate method. These promissory notes were convertible into shares of EVO's common stock. The holder s conversion option was limited on a monthly basis to the number of shares of common stock equal to of the 30 day average trading volume of shares of common stock during the prior calendar month. Further, was the minimum amount of principal or capitalized interest the holder must convert per conversion. Refer to the discussion above regarding the Convertible Note Amendments, dated March 11, 2022, which resulted in the extinguishment of the four promissory notes due to their conversion into the Convertible Note Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the unamortized debt discount was million and million, respectively. (c) Bridge Loan and Executive Loans 

 On March 11, 2022, the million Bridge Loan was issued to Antara Capital and the million Executive Loans were issued to the Executive Lenders. The Bridge Loan bears interest at per annum and has an original maturity date of the earlier of (i) demand by Antara Capital at any time prior to the date on which a collateral agent designated by Antara Capital has been granted a valid and enforceable, perfected, first priority lien on the collateral described in the Bridge Loan Agreement, subject only to permitted liens, on terms reasonably acceptable to Antara Capital, and (ii) . The Executive Loans bear interest at per annum and had an original maturity date of (although all payments in respect of the Executive Loans are subordinated in right and time of payment to all payments in respect of the Bridge Loan). Interest on the Bridge Loan and Executive Loans will accrue until the principal balances are repaid. principal and interest payments are due until maturity. On September 8, 2022, the maturity dates for the Bridge Loan and the Executive Loans were extended to and , respectively. (d) million senior promissory note 

 The million senior promissory note was issued on February 1, 2017, to a former EAF member with interest at per annum and default interest of per annum, and had ; (b) ten days after the initial closing of a private offering of capital stock of EVO in an amount not less than million; or (c) an event of default. During April 2018, the senior promissory note s maturity date was extended to . The senior promissory note is unsecured. principal and interest payments are due until maturity. In connection with the Financing Agreement and the Main Street Loan, amounts due under the senior promissory note were subordinated and extended to the earlier of March 2026 and the payment in full of the Financing Agreement and the Main Street Loan. Additionally, the holder agreed not to receive, accept or demand payment under the subordinated obligation until all obligations under the Financing Agreement have been paid in full, except that the holder may continue to receive regularly scheduled interest payments so long as holder has not been informed that an event of default has occurred and is continuing under the Financing Agreement. Also in connection with the Financing Agreement and as consideration for the subordination of the million senior promissory note and the million senior promissory note described below, EVO issued a warrant to the holder to purchase an aggregate of shares of EVO's common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrant is exercisable for from the date of issuance. The Company calculated the fair value of the warrant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and the portion of the fair value attributable to the million senior promissory note was million. Pursuant to the Exchange Creditor Agreement, the million senior promissory note and the million senior promissory note, described below, in the aggregate amount of principal and accrued interest of approximately million were exchanged for warrants and a new promissory note with a principal amount of approximately million. Refer to the heading Takeback Notes for further discussion on the new promissory notes resulting from the Exchange Creditor Agreements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the remaining unamortized debt discount w as million and million, respectively. The Company classified the million unpaid principal balance as a current liability as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to the existence of one or more covenant violations. (e) million senior promissory note 

 The million promissory note was issued on February 1, 2017, to a former EAF member with interest at per annum and had an original maturity date of . The note is guaranteed by substantially all the assets of EAF and the Company. principal and interest payments are due until maturity. In connection with the Financing Agreement and the Main Street Loan, amounts due under the promissory note were subordinated and extended to the earlier of March 2026 and the payment in full of the Financing Agreement and the Main Street Loan. Additionally, the holder agreed not to receive, accept, or demand payment under the subordinated obligation until all obligations under the Financing Agreement have been paid in full, except that the holder may continue to receive regularly scheduled interest payments so long as holder has not been informed that an event of default has occurred and is continuing under the Financing Agreement. Also in connection with the Financing Agreement and as consideration for the subordination of the million senior promissory note and the million senior promissory note described above, EVO issued a warrant to the holder to purchase an aggregate of shares of EVO's common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrant is exercisable for from the date of issuance. The Company calculated the fair value of the warrant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and the portion of the fair value attributable to the million senior promissory note was million. Pursuant to the Exchange Creditor Agreement, the and million senior promissory notes in the aggregate amount of principal and accrued interest of approximately million were exchanged for warrants and a new promissory note with a principal amount of approximately million. Refer to the heading Takeback Notes for further discussion on the new promissory notes resulting from the Exchange Creditor Agreements. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the remaining unamortized debt discount w as million an d million, respectively. The Company classified the million unpaid principal balance as a current liability as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 due to the existence of one or more covenant violations. (f) million promissory note - stockholder 

 In connection with EVO's June 1, 2018 acquisition of all of the issued and outstanding shares of Thunder Ridge, this million promissory note was issued to Mr. Peck, with interest at per annum (interest in the event of a default at per annum) and million in public or private offerings of debt or equity; (b) , or (c) termination of Mr. Peck s employment with the Company by the Company without cause or by Peck for good reason. The note is collateralized by all of the assets of Thunder Ridge and is also secured by the Thunder Ridge Shares TR Shares ). The maturity date of the promissory note has been subsequently amended to extend it to . Effective with the most recent extension in , the Company paid Peck approximately million in principal and increased the principal payments to . The note calls for monthly principal payments, with all accrued and unpaid interest due and payable on the maturity date. If the Company fails to repay the amounts outstanding under the note on or before November 30, 2022, then at the option of Peck, the Company shall immediately surrender all right, title and interest in all of the outstanding shares of stock in Thunder Ridge to Peck. Pursuant to the Exchange Creditor Agreement, the promissory note in the aggregate amount of principal and accrued interest of approximately million was exchanged for warrants and a new promissory note with a principal amount of approximately million. Refer to the heading Takeback Notes for further discussion on the new promissory note resulting from the Exchange Creditor Agreements. (g) million promissory note stockholder 

 The million promissory note was issued February 2, 2019 to a stockholder, with interest at per annum and an original maturity date of . The note is collateralized by all of the assets of Ursa and JB Lease. Principal and interest payments commenced , with a final payment of million due at maturity. On , the note maturity was extended to . Pursuant to the Exchange Creditor Agreement, the senior promissory notes in the aggregate amount of principal and accrued interest of approximately million were exchanged for warrants and a new promissory note with a principal amount of approximately million. Refer to the heading Takeback Notes for further discussion on the new promissory note resulting from the Exchange Creditor Agreements. (h) Note payable acquired from Ritter 

 Note payable to a related party were assumed as a liability in the Ritter acquisition. The note has an interest rate of and matures in . (i) Related Party Takeback Notes - three promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of million 

 The Company issued three promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of million. The Takeback Notes originally bear interest at per annum, are unsecured, and have a maturity date of . Interest on the Takeback Notes is payable in cash or in kind, at the Company s option, the first day of each January, April, July and October. In connection with the Exchange Creditor Agreements, the exchange constituted as a troubled debt restructuring, future cash payments will be recorded as reductions in the carrying amount of the debt. further interest expense will be recognized, unless required in connection with contingent payments. 

(1) 

2024 

(1) 

2025 

(1) 

2026 

(1) 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total debt issuance costs and debt discount 

() 

() 

() 

(1) Includes million, million, million and million in 2023, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively, of loans payable classified as current liabilities as of December 31, 2022 due to the existence of one or more covenant violations 

, from million to million. The amendment became effective October 25, 2022. Conversion of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock In connection with the SPA, certain holders of EVO's Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred stock and Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred stock were issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock of EVO at an exercise price of per share and provided other consideration as an inducment. In consideration for the issuance of the warrants and other consideration, the holders agreed to tender the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred stock and Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred stock for retirement and cancellation by EVO. The holders converted the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred stock and Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred stock into shares of EVO's common stock and subsequently the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred stock and Series B Redeemable Convertible Preferred stock were retired and removed from EVO s articles of incorporation as an authorized class of preferred stock In connection with the conversion. the holders waived the conversion of dividends that would have accrued from June 30, 2022 through September 8, 2022, the date of conversion. The Company recorded million of inducement costs as a dividend in additional paid-in capital as of December 31, 2022. Redeemable Common Stock Pursuant to the Sheehy Agreement, SEI waived and agreed to not exercise the million put right in exchange for million over multiple installments through December 31, 2023. Accordingly, the Company is no longer obligated to redeem the common stock held by SEI. The waiver resulted in a reclassification of the million out of temporary equity into permanent equity. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , redeemable common stock was and million, respectively. The Sheehy Agreement is further described in Note 3, Related Party Transactions. Series C Preferred Stock On March 11, 2022, and pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreement, EVO filed the Series C Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, which authorizes EVO to issue up to share of Series C Preferred Stock, and issued to Antara Capital share of Series C Preferred Stock. Dividends A dividend accrues on the Series C Preferred Stock at a rate of per annum on its liquidation preference. The dividend is payable, if and when declared by the Board of Directors, quarterly in arrears in cash commencing on March 31, 2022. Such dividends begin to accrue as of the date on which the Series C Preferred Stock was issued, and will accrue whether or not declared and whether or not there will be funds legally available for the payment of dividends. The Series C Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to participate in any distributions or payments to the holders of the common stock or any other class of stock of EVO. Liquidation Preference The holders of the Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to a liquidation preference of per share of Series C Preferred Stock plus any accrued but unpaid dividends upon the liquidation of the Company. Redemption The Series C Preferred Stock may be redeemed by EVO on the Bridge Loan Discharge Date at a redemption price equal to plus all accrued but unpaid dividends. The redemption rights require the Company to present the Series C Preferred Stock in temporary equity in the accompanying balance sheet. Voting Rights In addition, the Series C Certificate of Designations grants the Series C Majority the exclusive right, voting separately as a class, to elect or appoint (i) prior to a Bridge Loan Triggering Event, director to the Board (who shall, unless the majority of the Series C Preferred Stock elects otherwise in its sole discretion, also serve as a member of each Board committee) and (ii) upon the occurrence of a Bridge Loan Triggering Event through and including the Bridge Loan Discharge Date, a majority of the members of the Board. Series D Preferred Stock On July 13, 2022, and pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreement, EVO filed the Series D Certificate of Designations with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, which authorizes EVO to issue up to share of Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock, and issued to Antara Capital share of Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock. Dividends A dividend accrues on the Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock at a rate of per annum on its liquidation preference. The dividend is payable, if and when declared by the Board of Directors, quarterly in arrears in cash commencing on September 30, 2022. Such dividends begin to accrue as of the date on which the Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock was issued, and will accrue whether or not declared and whether or not there will be funds legally available for the payment of dividends. The Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock shall not be entitled to participate in any distributions or payments to the holders of the common stock or any other class of stock of EVO. Liquidation Preference The holders of the Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock are entitled to a liquidation preference of per share of Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock plus any accrued but unpaid dividends upon the liquidation of the Company. Voting Rights 
 Warrants As further described in Note 5, Debt , EVO issued the following warrants in connection with the Financing Agreement: In September 2019, EVO issued warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of EVO s common stock to the lenders. EVO also issued the Side Letter Warrant to the lenders to purchase an additional shares of EVO s common stock. The total fair value of these warrants of million, which the Company recorded as an additional debt discount, will be amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the Financing Agreement. 

 In September 2019, as consideration for the subordination of previously issued promissory notes, EVO issued a warrant to the noteholder to purchase an aggregate of shares of EVO s common stock at an exercise price of per share. The total fair value of this warrant of million, which the Company recorded as an additional debt discount on the promissory notes, will be amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the promissory notes. 

 In February 2020, as a result of the Incremental Amendment, EVO issued the Antara Warrant 2020 to Antara Capital to purchase shares of EVO s common stock at an exercise price of per share. 

 In March 2020, as a result of the Waiver Agreement, EVO issued to Antara Capital a warrant to purchase up to shares of EVO s common Stock at an exercise price of per share. 

 In October 2020, as a result of the O mnibus Amendment, EVO issued to the lenders warrants to purchase an aggregate of up to shares of EVO's common stock at the price of per share. 

 In October 2020, as a result of the O mnibus Amendment, EVO exchanged, without any cash consideration, all warrants previously issued to the lenders for warrants to purchase for per share of EVO's common stock at the rate of warrants per share of EVO's common stock. As a result, warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of EVO s common stock at a price of per share were exchanged for an aggregate of shares of EVO s common stock at a price of per share. 

 In December 2020, as a result of failing to timely repay certain obligations under the Financing Agreement with the net proceeds (in the amount of at least million) of a financing under the Main Street Lending Program on or before December 31, 2020, EVO issued to the lenders warrants to purchase an aggregate of up to shares of EVO's common stock at the price of per share. The Company recorded the million estimated fair value of the warrants as an increase to interest expense in the fourth quarter of 2020. 

 As further described in Note 5, Debt , in connection with the December 2020 Main Street Loan, EVO contributed of the issued and outstanding equity of EAF to EVO Holding with the consent of Danny Cuzick as the holder of certain previously disclosed promissory notes that are secured in part by the assets of EAF. In consideration of Danny Cuzick s consent to the contribution, EVO issued to him the Cuzick Warrant to purchase up to shares of EVO's common stock at the cost of per share. Danny Cuzick is a former member of EVO s Board. The Company did t pay any underwriter discounts or commissions in connection with the issuance of the Cuzick Warrant. As further described in Note 5, Debt , in connection with the March 2022 Bridge Loan Agreement, EVO granted Antara Capital and the Executive Lenders the Bridge Loan Warrants to purchase an aggregate of up to shares of EVO's common stock at an exercise price of per share. As further described in Note 5, Debt , in connection with the March 2022 Convertible Note Amendments, EVO issued the Convertible Note Warrants to purchase an aggregate of up to shares of EVO's common stock at an exercise price of per share. The following warrants were issued and exercised in connection with the SPA: On September 8, 2022, Antara Capital exercised previously issued warrants to purchase shares of EVO's common stock at per share in connection with the consideration of the SPA. 

 On September 8, 2022, Antara Capital purchased from EVO (i) immediately exercisable warrants to purchase shares EVO's common stock at an exercise price of per share and (ii) warrants to purchase shares of EVO's common stock at an exercise price of per share that will be exercisable 

 following the adoption of the Charter Amendment. Each warrant issued to Antara Capital may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, for a period of five years from the date of issuance. 

 On September 8, 2022, as a result of the SPA and Exchanging Creditor Agreements, EVO issued the Exchanging Creditor Warrants to purchase and shares of EVO's common stock at exercise prices of and per share, respectively. 

 On September 8, 2022, EVO issued warrants to purchase and shares of EVO's common stock at exercise prices of and per share, respectively, to a former board member. 

 On September 8, 2022, EVO issued warrants to purchase shares of EVO's common stock at an exercise price of per share to key equity holders and members of management. Each warrant issued may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, pursuant to the terms of such warrants, for a period of five years from the date of issuance. 

 On September 8, 2022, EVO issued warrants to purchase shares of EVO's common stock at an exercise price of per share to a former board member and employee. Each warrant issued may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis, pursuant to the terms of such warrants, for a period of five years from the date of issuance. 

 On November 14, 2022, Antara Capital exercised previously issued warrants to purchase and shares of EVO's common stock at and per share, respectively. 

 On November 16, 2022, Corbin ERISA Opportunity Fund exercised previously issued warrants to purchase shares of EVO's common stock at per share, respectively. 

 From November 18 through 24, 2022, the Exchanging Creditors exercised warrants to purchase shares of EVO's common stock at per share, respectively. 

Issued in 2021 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Issued in 2022 

Reclassified in 2022 

() 

Exercised in 2022 

() 

() 

Forfeited in 2022 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

All issued warrants that are not considered indexed to EVO's common stock and, therefore, are required to be classified as liabilities and measured at fair value at each reporting date with the change in fair value being recognized in the Company's results of operations during each reporting period. The following table summarizes such warrants outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 that are liability-classified. on September 8, 2022. The warrants were amended to modify certain anti-dilution features and they became indexed to EVO s common stock. 

Exercisable 

December 31, 2021: 

Outstanding 

Exercisable 

In addition to the liability-classified warrants, EVO has issued warrants with different terms that are considered indexed to EVOs common stock and, therefore, are classified in additional paid-in capital and are not required to be measured at fair value at each reporting date. The following table summarizes such equity-classified warrants outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and is inclusive of the warrants disclosed in Note 7, Stock-Based Compensation , that are equity-classified: 

Number of Shares 

Weighted Average Exercise Price 

Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term 

December 31, 2022: 

Outstanding 

Exercisable 

December 31, 2021: 

Outstanding 

Exercisable 

shares of EVO's common stock have been reserved for issuance to eligible employees, consultants, and directors of the Company. Further, on August 13, 2018, EVO's Board approved the Company s Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (the Amended 2018 Plan ), which amends and restates the Company s 2018 Stock Incentive Plan. The Amended 2018 Plan increased options available for grant to . During February 2020, EVO's Board approved an increase of the number of available options in the Stock Incentive Plan to a total of options. During April 2020, EVO's Board approved an additional increase in the number of available options under the Stock Incentive Plan to a total of options. The Amended 2018 Plan provides for awards of non-statutory stock options, incentive stock options, and restricted stock awards within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code and stock purchase rights to purchase shares of EVO s common stock. The Amended 2018 Plan is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, which has the authority to select the individuals to whom awards will be granted and to determine whether and to what extent stock options and stock purchase rights are to be granted, the number of shares of EVO's common stock to be covered by each award, the vesting schedule of stock options and all other terms and conditions of each award. Stock options have a maximum term of , and it is the Company s practice to grant options to employees with exercise prices equal to or greater than the estimated fair market value of its common stock. The fair value of each award is estimated on the date of grant. Stock option values are estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, which requires the input of subjective assumptions, including the expected term of the option award, expected stock price volatility, and expected dividends. These estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. The expected option terms are calculated based on the simplified method for plain vanilla options due to our limited exercise information. The simplified method calculates the expected term as the average of the vesting term and the original contractual term of the options. Expected volatilities used in the valuation model are based on the selected comparable companies. The risk-free rate for the expected term of the option is based on the United States Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The valuation model assumes no dividends. There is no estimated forfeiture rate. As described in Note 1 , Description of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , some of EVO s stock options contain a provision that provides for the acceleration of vesting upon t he Company completing an aggregate of at least million of any combination of debt and/or equity financing transactions after the date of grant. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the number of stock options for which vesting accelerated as a result of this provision were and , respectively. From February 2020 through December 2020, EVO's stock options with an exercise price of per share and a life. For of the stock options granted, one-quarter (1/4) vested and became exercisable on the grant date, with the remainder vesting and becoming exercisable ratably on the first, second, and third anniversaries of the date of grant. The remaining stock options granted were fully vested and exercisable on the grant date. During February 2020, EVO's stock options as compensation to board members with an exercise price of per share and a life. The options vest ratably over . One-quarter (1/4) of the options 
 During the third quarter of 2021, EVO reduced the exercise price of certain stock options previously granted to certain named executive officers of the Company and other key employees from an original exercise price of per share to an exercise price of per share, which the board of directors determined was equal to or greater than the fair market value of EVO s common stock. A total of options were subject to the exercise price reduction. The repricing was accounted for as a stock option modification whereby the incremental fair value of each option was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model at the date of the modification, and million was recognized related to vested options as incremental compensation expense during the three months ended September 30, 2021. The Company will recognize the remaining million of incremental compensation expense resulting from the modification on a straight-line basis over the remaining requisite service periods. During the third quarter of 2021, EVO's stock options with an exercise price of per share and a life. One-third (1/3) of the options vested and became exercisable on the grant date, one-third (1/3) vest and become exercisable approximately 11 months after the date of grant, and one-third (1/3) vest and become exercisable approximately 23 months after the date of grant. During the third quarter of 2021, EVO's stock options as compensation to board members with an exercise price of and a life. of the options vested and became exercisable on the grant date. The remaining stock options vest and become exercisable on the first anniversary of the date of grant. During the fourth quarter of 2021, EVO's stock options with an exercise price of per share and a life. One-quarter (1/4) of the options vested and became exercisable on the grant date. The remaining stock option vest and become exercisable ratably on the first, second and third anniversaries of the date of grant. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of million and million, respectively, related to stock options. As of December 31, 2022, the Company h ad million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the unvested portions of outstanding stock options. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 

() 

Outstanding - December 31, 2022 

Exercisable - December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

Expected life (in years) 
 
 - 

- 

Dividend yield 

Volatility 
 
 - 

- 

The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted was 0 and per share during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The total fair value of options vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million. Warrants Stock-Based Compensation During the first quarter of 2021, EVO shares of EVO s common stock. The warrants were issued with a life and an exercise price equal to the lesser of per share and the price at which stock options were to be granted to the Company's officers in 2021. One-third (1/3) of the warrants vested and became During the third quarter of 2021, per share pursuant to the terms of the warrant agreement. Except for the reduction in exercise price, all terms and conditions of the warrants remain the same. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of million related to these warrants. During the third quarter of 2022, in connection with the Recapitalization Transaction, EVO shares of EVO's common stock to compensate certain key members of management. The warrants were issued with a life and an exercise price of per share. During the year ended December 31, 2022 , the Company recorded stock-based compensation expense of less than million related to these warrants. 

Outstanding - December 31, 2022 

Exercisable - December 31, 2022 

The Company's liability-classified warrants issued with an exercise price of per share are measured at fair value using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and are classified as a Level 3 liability of the fair value hierarchy due to the use of significant unobservable inputs. The warrant liabilities are presented as current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets and are subject to remeasurement to fair value at the end of each reporting period, with the change in fair value recognized as a component of other income (expense) in its consolidated statements of operations. The inputs and assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model include: (1) EVO's stock price; (2) the exercise price of the warrant; (3) the expected term of the warrant; (4) EVO's expected stock price volatility; (5) EVO's expected dividends; and (6) the risk-free interest rate. The Company's liability-classified warrants issued with an exercise price of greater than per share are measured at fair value using the Monte Carlo simulation model and are classified as a Level 3 liability of the fair value hierarchy due to the use of significant unobservable inputs. The warrant liabilities are presented as current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets and are subject to remeasurement to fair value at the end of each reporting period, with the change in fair value recognized as a component of other income (expense) or as compensation expense in its consolidated statements of operations. The inputs and assumptions used in the Monte Carlo model include: (1) EVO's stock price; (2) EVO's expected stock price volatility; and (3) the risk-free interest rate. The Company reclassified to equity all of its liability classified warrants with exercise prices greater than on September 8, 2022. The warrants were amended to modify certain anti-dilution features and they became indexed to EVO s common stock. 

Issuances 

Net change in fair value 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Issuances 

Exercises 

() 

Net change in fair value 

() 

Reclassification of warrants from liability classified to equity classified 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

There were transfers between Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 during the periods presented. The Company s obligations under its debt agreements are carried at amortized cost. The fair value of the Company s obligations under its convertible tes and the EVO Term Loans are considered Level 3 liabilities of the fair value hierarchy because fair value was estimated using significant unobservable inputs. The fair value of the Company s other debt arrangements are considered Level 2 liabilities of the fair value hierarchy because fair value is estimated using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the liability such as interest rates and yield curves. The estimated fair value of the EVO Term Loans was million as of December 31, 2022, and its carrying value w as million a s of December 31, 2022. The estimated fair value of the EVO Term Loans was million as of December 31, 2021, and its carrying value was million as of December 31, 2021. The carrying value of the Company s remaining debt obligations approximates fair value a nd was million a nd million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Nonrecurring Fair Value Measurements Certain non-financial assets, primarily property and equipment, lease right-of-use assets, goodwill and intangible assets, are not required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are reported at carrying value. However, these assets are required to be assessed for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be fully recoverable, and at least annually for goodwill. In the event an impairment is required, the asset is adjusted to fair value, using market-based assumptions. 

 include options to purchase the leased property, nor do they contain material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. The Company elected the practical expedient related to treating lease and non-lease components as a single lease component for all leases, as well as electing a policy exclusion permitting leases with an original lease term of less than one year to be excluded from ROU assets and lease liabilities. ROU assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease, and are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the lease payments over the lease term. When available, the Company uses the rate implicit in the lease to discount lease payments; however, the implicit rate in the lease is not readily determinable for all the leases. In such cases, the Company uses an estimate of the incremental borrowing rate to discount lease payments based on information available at lease commencement. Operating lease costs are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease within operating supplies and expenses, equipment rent expense, and general and administrative expense. Finance lease costs consist of amortization expense and interest expense. Finance lease right-of-use assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the expected useful life or the lease term to amortization expense, and the carrying amount of the lease liability is adjusted to reflect interest expense. Variable lease payments that are not based on an index or that result from changes to an index subsequent to the initial measurement of the corresponding lease liability are not included in the measurement of lease ROU assets or liabilities and instead are recognized in equipment rent in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. 

Finance leases 
 
 Right-of-use-asset 

Liabilities 

Current: 

Operating leases 
 
 Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Finance leases 
 
 Finance lease liabilities, current portion 

Non-current: 

Operating leases 
 
 Operating lease liabilities, less current portion 

Finance leases 
 
 Finance lease liabilities, less current portion 

Interest on lease assets 

Operating lease costs 

Short-term lease costs 

Variable lease costs 

Total 

Operating cash flows from finance lease interest expense 

Operating cash flows from operating leases 

Non-cash activity 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: 

Finance leases 

Operating leases 

Operating leases 

Weighted-average discount rate 

Finance leases 

Operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

() 

() 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Related Party Leases The Company has various lease obligations with related parties for trucks, office space and terminals expiring at various dates through . The Company incurred approximately million an d million in lease costs with related parties during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

Liabilities 

Current: 

Operating leases 
 
 Operating lease liabilities, current portion 

Non-current: 

Operating leases 
 
 Operating lease liabilities, less current portion 

million PPP Loan that we applied for and received under the CARES Act in April 2020. We elected not to return the PPP Loan proceeds as requested and our PPP Loan was subsequently forgiven in July 2021. Also, the United States Small Business Administration SBA has stated that it intends to audit the PPP Loan application of any company, like us, that received PPP Loan proceeds of more than million. However, we are not currently party to or aware of any contemplated proceeding with the Select Subcommittee, the SBA, or any other governmental authority with respect to the PPP Loan. Long-Term Take-or-Pay Natural Gas Supply Contracts At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had commitments to purchase natural gas on a take-or-pay basis with vendors. It is anticipated these are normal purchases that will be necessary for sales, and that any penalties for failing to meet minimum volume requirements will be immaterial. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the estimated remaining liability under the take-or-pay arrangements was approximately million and million, respectively. Off Balance Sheet Arrangements Captive Insurance Prior to the acquisition, Sheehy was insured for certain insurance risks with a captive insurance company under SEI. Upon the acquisition of Sheehy from SEI in January 2019, the Company became a member of the captive and Sheehy was transferred to the EVO member account. As a member of the captive, the Company is required to maintain a collateral deposit. The collateral deposit requirement is calculated at the renewal date of March 1st each year and is based on the prior three years of premium experience. The collateral deposit may be satisfied with either cash and/or investment collateral held in the captive or with a letter of credit. The letter agreement between the Company and SEI expired on March 1, 2020, however, in connection with the Sheehy Settlement Agreement, Sheehy has pledged million in cash collateral held in the SEI captive insurance member account, under the CSPA, on or before March 1, 2024. See Note 3, Related Parties Off Balance Sheet Arrangements Collateral Security Pledge Agreement , for terms of the agreement. The Company is also responsible for providing any additional collateral that may be requested by the captive. Letters of Credit EAF entered into an incremental natural gas facilities agreement dated February 24, 2014 with Southwest Gas Corporation Southwest Gas ). Under the terms of the agreement, Southwest Gas agreed to install a pipeline connecting an EAF CNG station to its existing infrastructure at upfront cost to EAF, and EAF agreed to use Southwest Gas to transport natural gas to the station through its infrastructure. The term was originally but has since been modified to ten years. Each year of the term, EAF is required to make a payment to Southwest Gas equal to million minus the amount of delivery and demand charges paid by EAF during the applicable contract year. million, which amount may decrease annually during the term of the agreement and was equal to million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 . As collateral for performance on contracts and as credit guarantees to banks and insurers, we are contingently liable for guarantees of subsidiary obligations under a standby letter of credit. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we had million of the standby letter of credit related to workers compensation and general liabilities accrued in our condensed consolidated financial statements. 

million and million, respectively. 
 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate resolution. The Company has not identified any material uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Interest and penalties associated with tax positions are recorded as general and administrative expenses. Tax years that remain subject to examination include 2019 through the current year for federal and generally 2018 through the current year for state purposes.) 

State, net of state tax credits 

Total current income tax expense 

Deferred income tax expense 

Federal 

State and local 

() 

Valuation allowance 

() 

Total deferred income tax expense 

Total income tax expense 

State tax provision, net of federal benefit 

() 

Prior year true up 

- 

Change in tax rate 

Effect of increase in valuation allowance 

- 

() 
 
 - 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 

() 

Equity-related interest 

- 

Debt extinguishment 

- 

PPP loan forgiveness 

() 
 
 - 

Interest 

- 

Other permanent differences 

() 

Income tax expense 

- 

The effective tax rates for the income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are - and , respectively. The differences are primarily due to state taxes and the change in valuation allowance, the change in the fair value of warrant liabilities and equity related interest. 

Debt discount 

Interest 

Stock-based compensation 

Lease liabilities 

Loss carryforwards 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

() 

() 

Lease assets 

() 

() 

Fixed assets and intangible assets 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net non-current deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

Management assesses the available positive and negative evidence to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to permit use of the existing deferred tax assets. A significant piece of objective negative evidence evaluated was the lack of sustained profitability in recent years. Such objective evidence limits the ability to consider other subjective evidence, such as the Company's projections for future growth. On the basis of this evaluation, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, a valuation allowance of million a nd million, respectively, has been recorded to recognize only the portion of the deferred tax asset that is more likely than not to be realized. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be adjusted based on changes in objective and subjective evidence in future years. If and when the Company determines the valuation allowance should be released (i.e., reduced), the adjustment would result in a tax benefit reported in that period s consolidated statement of operations, the effect of which would be an increase in reported net income. The amount of any such tax benefit associated with release of the Company's valuation allowance in a particular reporting period may be material. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal and state net operating losses of approximately million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had federal and state net operating losses of approximately million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has approximately million of federal net operating losses available to offset future taxable income for and will begin to expire in . The remain ing million of fe deral net operating losses are carried forward indefinitely to offset future taxable income up to an limitation of taxable income in the year of use. The state net operating losses began to expire in . These federal and state net operating loss carryforwards are reserved with a full valuation allowance because, based on the available evidence, we believe it is more likely than not that we would not be able to utilize those deferred tax assets in the future. If the actual amounts of taxable income differ from our estimates, the amount of our valuation allowance could be materially impacted. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , the Company had uncertain tax positions or interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. Interest and penalties associated with tax positions are recorded in the period assessed as general and administrative expenses, if any. 

 , (iii) EVO issued Falcon an unsecured promissory note in the principal amount of (the Promissory Note ), (iv) Falcon released all security interests and liens in all physical property of EVO and Titan CNG, (v) the parties agreed on a process by which to sell the equipment and on the distribution of net proceeds from such sale and (vi) Falcon and Honour released all right, title and interest in and to Titan CNG, EVO and EVO s subsidiaries. Falcon is entitled to file a confession of judgment if EVO fails to timely cure a missed payment to Falcon or makes more than three untimely payments. The Promissory Note matures on and bears interest at a rate of per annum. On January 1, 2024, interest only on the outstanding principal amount will be due and payable in arrears. On February 1, 2024, and on the first day of each month thereafter, principal and interest will be due and payable in arrears. The Promissory Note has customary events of default. Modification Agreement to the Main Street Priority Loan Program Facility On April 19, 2023, EVO Holding Company, LLC, Ritter Transport, Inc., John W. Ritter Trucking, Inc., Johmar Leasing Company, LLC and Ritter Transportation Systems, Inc. (collectively, the Borrowers ), EVO, as guarantor, and Commerce Bank of Arizona, Inc. Commerce entered into the Third Modification Agreement (the Third Amendment of the Loan Agreement. The Third Amendment modifies (i) the financial reporting requirements of the Borrowers and EAF and (ii) permitted investments to include additional intercompany loans so long as the Borrowers debt service coverage ratio, as defined in the Third Amendment, is at least :1.00 as of the relevant date. On June 15, 2023, the Borrowers, EVO, as guarantor, and Commerce entered into the Fourth Modification Agreement (the Fourth Amendment of the Loan Agreement. The Fourth Amendment modifies the interest rate of the loan to the Prime Rate plus the applicable margin of basis points per annum. Accrual of interest at the modified interest rate commenced on July 1, 2023. Annual Incentive Plan On May 30, 2023, the compensation committee (the Compensation Committee of the Board approved the Annual Incentive Plan of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. (the AIP ), to provide the terms of annual bonus opportunities to be granted to EVO s executive officers and other participating employees. The purposes of the AIP are to provide additional incentives for employees who contribute to the improvement of operating results of the Company and to reward outstanding performance on the part of those individuals whose decisions and actions most significantly affect the growth, profitability and efficient operation of the Company. The AIP focuses on achievement of certain Company performance criteria, as determined by the Compensation Committee at the beginning of each calendar year, and provides that the participants may earn a pre-determined percentage of their respective base salaries for the achievement of specified performance goals. The Compensation Committee approved the following annual bonus opportunities for 2023 under the AIP: (i) to Mr. Bayles, to of annual base salary and (ii) to other executive officers, to of annual base salary. The performance metric for 2023 is adjusted EBITDA, and payment of incentive awards under the AIP is dependent upon achievement of defined goals for the performance metric. The Compensation Committee retains the discretion to adjust any award that becomes payable under the AIP. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements On May 30, 2023, the Compensation Committee also approved (i) the form of restricted stock unit award agreement for employees (the Employee RSU Award Agreement and (ii) the form of restricted stock unit award agreement for non-employee directors (the Non-Employee Director RSU Award Agreement and together with the Employee RSU Award Agreement, the Award Agreements ), which set forth the terms and conditions for restricted stock unit RSU awards under the Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Incentive Plan. The RSUs are used to determine the number of shares of common stock of EVO to be issued to participants if such RSUs vest. Each RSU will vest in accordance with the schedule determined at the time of award, subject to the participant s continued employment or service through the vesting date. The Compensation Committee approved the following grants of RSUs: (i) to Mr. Bayles, RSUs, (ii) to other executive officers, to RSUs and (iii) to non-employee directors of EVO, to RSUs. Asset Purchase and Sale Agreements On July 20, 2023, EAF, a wholly-owned subsidiary of EVO, entered into the following agreements with Clean Energy, a California corporation: (a) the Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement and Joint Escrow Instructions (Tolleson) (the Tolleson Agreement and (b) the Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement and Joint Escrow Instructions (Oak Creek) (the Oak Creek Agreement, and together with the Tolleson Agreement, the Asset Purchase Agreements ). The Tolleson Agreement provides for the sale of EAF s real property in Tolleson, Arizona and the compressed natural gas fuel station located thereon to Clean Energy for a purchase price of million. The Oak Creek Agreement provides for the sale of EAF s real property in Oak Creek, Wisconsin and the compressed natural gas fuel station located thereon to Clean Energy for a purchase price of million. The Asset Purchase Agreements contain customary representations, warranties and covenants by EAF and Clean Energy and are subject to customary closing conditions, including completion of due diligence by Clean Energy. The Company expects the sales under the Asset Purchase Agreements to close in the fourth quarter of 2023. The net proceeds from the sales under the Asset Purchase Agreements will be used for mandatory pay down of the Main Street Loan. Equipment Purchase Agreement On July 20, 2023, EAF entered into an Equipment Purchase Agreement Equipment Agreement with California Clean Energy, Inc. CCE ), whereby EAF agreed to sell certain equipment and other assets located in Fort Worth, Texas for a purchase price of million. The sale under the Equipment Agreement closed in August 2023. The net proceeds from the sale under the Equipment Agreement were used for mandatory pay down of the Main Street Loan. Sale of San Antonio, Texas Property On June 2, 2023, EAF entered into an agreement (the San Antonio Agreement with Brazos De Santos Partners, Ltd. BDSP whereby EAF agreed to sell certain of its land located in San Antonio, Texas for a purchase price of million. The sale under the San Antonio Agreement closed in October 2023. The net proceeds from the sale under the San Antonio Agreement were used for mandatory pay down of the Main Street Loan. Raymond James Settlement On January 22, 2021, EVO and Raymond James Associates, Inc. Raymond James entered into a letter agreement (the RJ Agreement pursuant to which Raymond James would provide certain investment banking services to EVO. The RJ Agreement was amended on September 26, 2021 and November 19, 2021. Pursuant to the RJ Agreement, as amended, EVO agreed to pay Raymond James certain fees and expenses upon the closing of certain transactions. On November 22, 2022, Raymond James filed a demand for arbitration against EVO in which it alleged breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and unjust enrichment. The complaint alleged that EVO failed to pay million in fees and expenses. On August 31, 2023, EVO and Raymond James agreed to settle all claims brought by Raymond James against EVO in the arbitration. In connection therewith, EVO made a payment of million to Raymond James on September 27, 2023. 

 F- 47 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Acco untants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 Dismissal of Marcum LLP and appointment of Grant Thornton LLP 
 As previously disclosed in a current report filed with the SEC on September 8, 2021, the audit committee of EVO s board of directors approved the dismissal of Marcum LLP Marcum and approved the appointment of Grant Thornton LLP Grant Thornton as EVO s new independent registered public accounting firm. 
 During the two most recent fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, which includes the date of Marcum s dismissal, (1) there were no disagreements between the Company and Marcum on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedures, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Marcum would have caused it to make reference thereto in its reports on the Company s financial statements for such years and (2) there were no reportable events within the meaning set forth in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K except as previously disclosed. 
 During the two most recent fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not consult with Grant Thornton on either (1) the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed; or the type of audit opinion that may be rendered on the Company s financial statements, and Grant Thornton did not provide either a written report or oral advice to the Company that Grant Thornton concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to the accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue; or (2) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K, or a reportable event, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s management, with the participation of its principal executive and financial officers, is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) Exchange Act that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 In accordance with Exchange Act rules 13a-15 and 15d-15, the Company performed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s principal executive and financial officers regarding the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this annual report on Form 10-K. Based on that evaluation, the Company s management, including its principal executive and financial officers have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting described below in Evaluation of Internal Controls and Procedures including limitations in management s evaluation of internal controls as a result of insufficient documentation of internal controls under the standards of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) (2013 Framework). In light of these material weaknesses, we performed additional analysis and procedures in order to ensure that our financial statements included in this report were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ). Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, when read with the notes thereto, present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the period presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Evaluation of Internal Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a set of processes designed by, or under the supervision of, a company s principal executive designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 31 

The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company s management and directors; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. It should be noted that any system of internal control, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system will be met. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Based on the Company s evaluation, it identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below, and management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as described below. The Company also took steps seeking to mitigate and remediate these material weaknesses as described under Management s Remediation Plan and Status of Remediation Efforts below. 
 The matters involving internal controls and procedures that the Company s management considered to be material weaknesses were: 
 The Company had not fully implemented the necessary internal controls under the COSO (2013 Framework) to design, test and evaluate the operating effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting; 

The Company s management and board of directors had insufficient oversight of the design and operating effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting including the appropriate segregation of duties and effective controls over certain information technology general controls ITGCs for IT systems that are relevant to the preparation of the financial statements; 

The Company had insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of U.S. GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; 

The Company failed to maintain effective controls over the period-end financial reporting process, including controls with respect to identification of unrecorded liabilities; revenue reconciliations to ensure appropriate revenue recognition; accounting for leasing transactions; payroll reconciliations; preparation and disclosure of provision for income taxes; and account-level reconciliations in the general ledger, resulting in numerous adjusting entries identified by the Company and identified through audit procedures; 

The Company did not have sufficient internal personnel resources to review the financial statements and notes to the financial statements prepared by external consultants and professionals to ensure accuracy and completeness; and 

The Company failed to maintain effective controls over journal entries, both recurring and nonrecurring, and did not maintain proper segregation of duties. Journal entries were not always accompanied by sufficient supporting documentation and were not adequately reviewed and approved for validity, completeness and accuracy. In most instances, persons responsible for reviewing journal entries for validity, completeness and accuracy were also responsible for preparation. 

Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no significant changes to the Company s internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter of the year ended December 31, 2022, that materially affected, or were reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. Our management has implemented or intends to implement, as applicable, the remediation steps discussed below to address the material weaknesses and to improve our internal control over financial reporting. 
 32 

Management s Remediation Plan and Status of Remediation Efforts 
 In light of the control deficiencies identified at December 31, 2022, and described in the section titled Evaluation of Internal Controls and Procedures, we have designed and either have implemented or plan to implement the specific remediation initiatives described below: 
 More robust corporate governance including: (1) direct oversight of our internal controls by the audit committee of our board of directors; (2) review of our Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q by our audit committee prior to filing with the SEC; and (3) communication of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to our employees and consultants. 

We intend to implement procedures designed to ensure timely review of the consolidated financial statements, notes to our consolidated financial statements, and our Annual and Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-K and 10-Q by our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, our board of directors, and our audit committee, prior to filing with the SEC. 

We intend to develop and implement enhanced internal control review procedures and documentation standards aligned with the COSO 2013 Framework. 

A formalized financial reporting process that includes balance sheet and other reconciliations, properly prepared, supported and reviewed journal entries, properly segregated duties, and properly completed and approved close checklist and calendar. 

Our technology platform (Netsuite) to support the formalized financial reporting process described above. 

We have hired additional experienced individuals to prepare and approve the consolidated financial statements and footnote disclosures in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

We have relied and will continue to rely upon outside professionals to assist with our external reporting requirements to ensure the filing of our required reports with the SEC. 

We have initiated efforts to ensure our employees understand the continued importance of internal controls and compliance with corporate policies and procedures. We have implemented a reporting and certification process for management involved in the performance of internal controls and the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

While the Company believes the steps taken to date and those planned for implementation will improve the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting, it has not completed all remediation efforts identified above. Accordingly, the Company has and will continue to perform additional procedures and employ additional tools and resources it determines necessary to ensure that its consolidated financial statements are fairly stated in all material respects. 
 The Company believes the remediation measures will strengthen the Company s internal control over financial reporting and remediate the material weaknesses identified. Management will continue to monitor the effectiveness of these remediation measures and will make changes and take other actions that are appropriate given the circumstances. 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 None. 
 
 33 

PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Off icers and Corporate Governance. 
 (a) Identification of Directors and Executive Officers. 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding EVO's officers and directors as of December 31, 2022. All ages are stated as of November 16, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 

Position 

Michael Bayles 

40 

Chief Executive Officer, Director 

Raj Kapur 

64 

SVP and Chief Accounting Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer 

Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. 

40 

Executive Vice President - Business Development 

Patrick Seul 

39 

Executive Vice President - General Counsel and Secretary 

Mark Anderson 

61 

Director 

Chetan Bansal 

50 

Director 

Anthony Coelho 

81 

Director 

Raph Posner 

43 

Director 

Scott C. Smith 

65 

Director 

Alexandre Zyngier 

54 

Director 

Michael Bayles. Mr. Bayles has served as EVO s Chief Executive Officer since September 14, 2022 and has served as a director of EVO since March 11, 2022. He previously served as restructuring advisor to the Company from May 2020 to October 2020 and as chief restructuring officer and a member of the Board from October 2020 until March 2021. Mr. Bayles has served as vice president of investments of Slam Corp, a special purpose acquisition company, since March 2021. Mr. Bayles previously served as an analyst at Antara Capital from May 2018 until May 2020, and as a credit analyst at GLG Partners from May 2016 to December 2017. Prior to GLG Partners, Mr. Bayles was vice president at Avenue Capital Group from September 2008 to April 2016. Mr. Bayles has a bachelor s degree in economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. We believe that Mr. Bayles s significant restructuring and credit analysis experience make him well qualified to serve as Chief Executive Officer and as a member of the Board. 
 
 Raj Kapur. Mr. Kapur has served as EVO s SVP and Chief Accounting Officer since May 2022. He has over 25 years of accounting and finance experience in high technology, manufacturing and software organizations such as MGC Pure Chemicals, Zounds, Gould Electronics and Honeywell. Prior to joining EVO, Raj served as corporate controller at MGC Pure Chemicals since March 2019. Mr. Kapur served as corporate controller then as chief financial officer of Zounds Hearing Inc. from April 2007 until February 2019. He acquired his Bachelor of Science in Accounting from Arizona State University and a Masters in Business Administration from the University of Phoenix. He is a Certified Public Accountant in Arizona. 
 
 Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. Mr. Peck has served as EVO s Executive Vice President Business Development since October 2020, a role he previously held from June 2018 until March 2020. Mr. Peck previously served as Chief Operating Officer of EVO from March 2020 to October 2020. In his role as Executive Vice President Business Development, he leads the Company s development of new and existing contracts with the USPS. He also assisted in the initial set up of new service sites for new contract arrangements with the USPS. Mr. Peck previously served as chief executive officer of Thunder Ridge Transport, Inc. Thunder Ridge ). Under Mr. Peck s leadership, Thunder Ridge s annual revenues grew from approximately 2.5 million in 2011 to approximately 50 million in 2018. Mr. Peck s background in leading and operating a transportation business, particularly one that contracts with the USPS, supports his current position. Mr. Peck has an executive Master of Business Administration degree from Nova Southeastern University and a Bachelor of Arts in Business Administration from Flagler College. 
 Patrick Seul. Mr. Seul served as EVO s Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from June 2021 to December 2022. Prior to joining EVO, he was a shareholder in the corporate and securities group of Fredrikson Byron, P.A. in Minneapolis, where he worked from May 2016 to June 2021. From 2010 to April 2016, he practiced as a corporate attorney in Chicago. Mr. Seul received his JD from the Northwestern Pritzker School of Law, cum laude, and his BA from the University of Notre Dame. 
 
 34 

Mark Anderson. Mr. Anderson has served as a director of EVO since October 2018, as the chair of the audit committee since February 2019 and as a member of our nominating and governance committee and operations committee since February 2023. Mr. Anderson brings over 30 years of experience in audit, accounting and finance with professional designations as a Certified Public Accountant and a Chartered Global Management Accountant. He is currently the Chief Financial Officer of Delta Dental of Arizona, a 320 million dental service corporation that is part of the 20 billion Delta Dental Plans Association. He has led Delta Dental of Arizona through the last 19 years of significant growth as the finance leader with additional responsibilities that have included underwriting, information technology, risk management, human resources and facilities management. Mr. Anderson has also worked closely with the CEO and other executives on strategic planning and business development initiatives. Mr. Anderson also serves as staff for the Audit/Investment Committee and the Finance Committee. His previous experience includes over 10 years at UnitedHealth Group starting out as the controller for Lifemark/Evercare and culminating in his role as Vice President of Finance in the Ovations Division. Prior to joining UHG, Mr. Anderson was associated with CBIZ/Mayer Hoffman McCann (formerly Miller Wagner Co, CPA). Mr. Anderson has served on several boards as audit committee chair and board chair including the Arizona Society of Certified Public Accountants, Southwest Human Development and the Arizona Coyotes Foundation. Mr. Anderson holds a B.S. in Accounting from Brigham Young University and is a Certified Public Accountant in the state of Arizona. We believe that Mr. Anderson s significant accounting expertise and his experience serving as a board member and audit committee member for companies in a variety of industries make him well qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 
 
 Chetan Bansal. Mr. Bansal has served as a director of EVO since June 2022. Mr. Bansal has served as Partner and Co-Head of Investment Research at Antara since March 2020, and has served as Chief Development Officer and as a member of the board of directors of Slam Corp. since February 2021. Mr. Bansal has over 25 years of experience as a private market investor. Mr. Bansal specializes in providing capital and advice to growth companies in varying capacities, including as a board member, minority owner and strategic investor. In addition, Mr. Bansal has significant experience investing in public market special situations, bankruptcies, stressed high-yield credit and levered equities. Prior to Antara, Mr. Bansal was Managing Director and Head of Illiquid Credit Solutions Group at BTIG from January 2019 to February 2020. Before joining BTIG, Mr. Bansal managed his family office from December 2017 to December 2018. Prior to that, Mr. Bansal co-managed a proprietary investment portfolio at Jefferies from January 2015 to September 2017. Prior to Jefferies, Mr. Bansal was a Director of Research at Citigroup, in its Distressed Debt Trading Group, from August 2008 to April 2012. Prior to Citigroup, Mr. Bansal spent six years in Silicon Valley, including four years at Cisco Systems in the Business Development Group from September 2001 to 2005, where he was charged with venture investments and strategic acquisitions. During his time at Crown Capital Partners from 1997 to 1999, Mr. Bansal wrote the business plan for Fresh Direct, a successful online grocer based in New York City, and sat on the boards of Cisco Systems Strategic India Counsel from 2003 to 2004, and board observer seats at Plaxo Inc from 2004 to 2005, which was acquired in 2008 by Comcast and CXO Systems from 2003 to 2004, which was acquired in 2004 by Cisco Systems. Mr. Bansal s growth-stage equity investments include Via-On-Demand-Transit, an advanced micro-mobility company and SentinelOne, a cyber-security technology company. Mr. Bansal earned a Masters in Business Administration from the University of Chicago, Booth School of Business and a Bachelor of Arts in Computer Science from Northwestern University. We believe that Mr. Bansal s significant investing and special situations experience make him well qualified to serve as a member of the Board. 
 
 Anthony Coelho. Mr. Coelho has served as a director of EVO since May 2021, as a member of our compensation committee since August 2021 and as the chair of our nominating and governance committee since February 2023. Mr. Coelho was a prominent member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1978 to 1989. While a member of the House of Representatives, he authored the Americans with Disabilities Act, widely recognized as one of the most important pieces of civil rights legislation in the last 40 years. After leaving Congress, he joined Wertheim Schroder Company, an investment banking firm in New York, and became president and CEO of Wertheim Schroder Financial Services from 1990 to 1995. From 1995 to 1997, he served as chairman and CEO of an education and training technology company that he established and subsequently sold. In 1998, President Clinton appointed him as the U.S. Commissioner General for the World s Fair in Lisbon, Portugal. He served as general chairman of the presidential campaign of former Vice President Al Gore from April 1999 until June 2000. Since 1997, Mr. Coelho has worked independently as a business and political consultant. Mr. Coelho also served as chairman of the President s Committee on Employment of People with Disabilities from 1994 to 2001. He previously served as chairman of the board of the Epilepsy Foundation and chairman of the board for the American Association for People with Disabilities. Mr. Coelho has served on a number of boards, including those of Circus Circus, Warren Resources, Kaiser Resources and Cyberonics. Since 1991, he has been a member of the board of Service Corporation International (NYSE: SCI), a publicly traded company, as its lead independent director. Mr. Coelho has been a member of the board of directors of Esquire Financial 
 35 

Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: ESQ), a publicly traded company, since 2010 and has served as chairman of its board since August 2018. He has also served as a director of AudioEye, Inc. (NASDAQ: AEYE), a publicly traded company, since 2014 and serves as chair of its nominating and corporate governance committee and on its compensation and audit committees. Mr. Coelho earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political Science from Loyola Marymount University in 1964. We believe that Mr. Coelho s political acumen and contacts, as well as his extensive executive, financial and business experience, make him well qualified to serve as a member of the Board. 
 Raph Posner. Mr. Posner has served as a director of EVO since June 2022 and as a member of our nominating and governance committee since February 2023. He has served as General Counsel Chief Compliance Officer (GC/CCO) of Antara since February 2021. Prior to Antara, he spent five years as the General Counsel, Chief Compliance Officer Legal Analyst at Warlander Asset Management, a credit hedge fund, where he was the sole in-house lawyer responsible for all legal and regulatory matters within the firm and responsible for assisting the firm in evaluating legal and regulatory risk related to prospective and existing investments. Prior to Warlander, Mr. Posner spent nearly eight years at MatlinPatterson Global Advisers, in a variety of legal roles. At MatlinPatterson, he was personally responsible for overseeing all legal and regulatory matters related to the firm s private equity portfolio companies. Prior to MatlinPatterson, he was an associate with the law firm Bracewell LLP and prior to that began his legal career as an associate with the law firm Hawkins, Delafield Wood LLP. Mr. Posner earned a Bachelor of Arts from Georgetown University and a Juris Doctorate from The Georgetown University Law Center. We believe that Mr. Posner s significant legal and regulatory experience make him well qualified to serve as a member of the Board. 
 Scott C. Smith. Mr. Smith has served as a director of EVO since August 2018, as the chair of our compensation committee since February 2019 and as a member of our audit committee since February 2023. He has an extensive background as a seasoned human resources executive with over 30 years of experience in managing human resources for private and publicly traded companies. He brings a proven track record of aligning HR functions with business strategies to drive growth. Mr. Smith currently serves as the managing partner for TowerHunter, a boutique executive search company he co-founded with notable clients in the healthcare, insurance, financial services and logistics sectors. He is currently the Chairman of the Board for the Greater Phoenix Chamber of Commerce. In addition, he is a former managing partner for Fahrenheit Group, a financial services and human resources consulting and professional services firm headquartered in Richmond, Va. Previously, Mr. Smith served in senior HR positions at Washington Inventory Service, VLSI Technology and American Express, as well as the co-president of the Arizona Human Resources Executive Forum. We believe that Mr. Smith s significant human resources and general business experience makes him well qualified to serve as a member of the Board. 
 
 Alexandre Zyngier. Mr. Zyngier has served as a director of EVO since December 2020, as chairman of our board of directors since June 2022, as a member of our audit committee since April 2021 and as a member of our compensation committee and our operations committee since February 2023. Mr. Zyngier has been the Managing Director of Batuta Advisors since founding it in August 2013. The firm pursues high return investment and advisory opportunities in the distressed and turnaround sectors. Mr. Zyngier has over 30 years of investment, strategy and operating experience. He has served as a director of Atari SA since 2014, as a director of Schmitt Industries since 2021 and as a Director of Arrival SA since 2023. Mr. Zyngier also previously served as a director of Torchlight Energy Resources Inc. from 2016 until 2021, as a director of Applied Minerals Inc. from 2017 until 2019, and as a director of AudioEye, Inc. from 2015 until 2020. Before starting Batuta Advisors, Mr. Zyngier was a portfolio manager at Alden Global Capital from February 2009 until August 2013, investing in public and private opportunities. He has also worked as a portfolio manager at Goldman Sachs Co. and Deutsche Bank Co. Additionally, he was a strategy consultant at McKinsey Company and a technical brand manager at Procter Gamble. Mr. Zyngier holds an MBA in Finance and Accounting from the University of Chicago and a BS in Chemical Engineering from UNICAMP in Brazil. We believe that Mr. Zyngier s extensive experience in investment and advisory services with various companies makes him well qualified to serve as a member of the Board and as chair. 
 
 Arrangements or Understandings pursuant to which Executive Officers and Directors were Appointed 
 
 On June 1, 2018, EVO entered into an equity purchase agreement with Billy (Trey) Peck Jr., pursuant to which EVO acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares in Thunder Ridge from Mr. Peck and Thunder Ridge became a wholly-owned subsidiary of EVO. In connection with the acquisition, EVO entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Peck to serve as executive vice president of business development for EVO. 
 (b) Family Relationships. 
 There are no family relationships among our directors or executive officers. 
 36 

(c) Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings. 
 To our knowledge, there have been no events under any bankruptcy act, no criminal proceedings and no federal or state judicial or administrative orders, judgments or decrees or findings, no violations of any federal or state securities law, and no violations of any federal commodities law material to the evaluation of the ability and integrity of any director (existing or proposed) or executive officer (existing or proposed) of the Company during the past 10 years. 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires EVO's directors and officers, and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of EVO s equity securities, to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial ownership of EVO s securities with the SEC on Forms 3, 4 and 5. Officers, directors and greater than 10 stockholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish EVO with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on a review of the copies of such forms furnished to EVO, or written representations that no applicable filings were required, EVO believes that all such filings were filed on a timely basis for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, except that (i) Mr. Bansal failed to timely file a Form 3 in connection with his appointment to the Board; (ii) Mr. Danny Cuzick failed to timely file a Form 3 in connection with his greater than 10 stock ownership and failed to timely file Form 4s reporting three transactions; (iii) Mr. Peck failed to timely file a Form 4 reporting one transaction; (iv) Mr. Posner failed to timely file a Form 3 in connection with his appointment to the Board; (v) Mr. Smith failed to timely file a Form 4 reporting one transaction; and (vi) Mr. Zyngier failed to timely file a Form 4 reporting one transaction. 
 Code of Ethics 
 We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, which is attached as Exhibit 14.1 to EVO s Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2011. 
 Board Committees 
 On February 7, 2019, the Board established three standing committees: the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nominating Committee. The Audit and Compensation committees have written charters, copies of which are included as Exhibits 99.1 and 99.2 to EVO s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on May 30, 2019. The Nominating Committee has not yet completed its charter. The Board determined that Mr. Anderson, a member of our Board and Audit Committee, qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined by Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding the composition of each standing committee as of December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 
 Nominating Committee 

Mark Anderson 
 
 X (Chair) 

Chetan Bansal 

Michael Bayles 

Anthony Coelho 

X 
 
 X (Chair) 

Raph Posner 

Scott C. Smith 
 
 X 
 
 X (Chair) 

Alexandre Zyngier 
 
 X 

On February 16, 2023, the Board reconstituted the three standing committees and established the Operations Committee. The following table sets forth certain information regarding the composition of each standing committee as of November 16, 2023: 

Name 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 
 Nominating Committee 
 
 Operations Committee 

Mark Anderson 
 
 X (Chair) 

X 
 
 X 

Chetan Bansal 

Michael Bayles 

X (Chair) 

Anthony Coelho 

X 
 
 X (Chair) 

Raph Posner 

X 

Scott C. Smith 
 
 X 
 
 X (Chair) 

Alexandre Zyngier 
 
 X 
 
 X 

X 

37 

Audit Committee 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Audit Committee was comprised of three members, all of whom are independent directors as defined under the rules of NASDAQ, and is responsible for performing such tasks as (i) appointing, compensating, retaining and overseeing our independent registered public accounting firm; (ii) meeting with management and representatives of our independent registered public accounting firm to review our internal and external financial reporting, including periodically without management present; (iii) reviewing the scope of the independent registered public accounting firm s examination and audit procedures to be utilized; (iv) considering comments by the registered public accounting firm regarding internal controls and accounting procedures and management s response to those comments; and (v) pre-approving any audit and non-audit services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. The Board determined that Mr. Anderson qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined by Item 407(d)(5)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 
 Compensation Committee 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Compensation Committee was comprised of two members, both of whom are independent directors as defined under the rules of NASDAQ, and is responsible for performing such tasks as (i) assisting in defining our executive compensation philosophy and administering our compensation plans; (ii) reviewing management s recommendations with respect to the salaries and any bonuses paid and equity grants awarded to executives; (iii) reviewing our retirement plans and employee benefits, if we adopt any; (iv) overseeing and evaluating compensation-related risks; and (v) reviewing and recommending to the full board for approval the compensation-related discussion appearing in our annual proxy statement or information statement or other filings with the SEC. 
 Nominating Committee 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Nominating Committee was comprised of one member and had not yet adopted a charter. 
 Stockholder Nominations of Director Candidates for Election to the Board 
 The Nominating Committee will consider director candidates recommended by stockholders. The Nominating Committee does not intend to alter the manner in which it evaluates candidates based on whether or not the candidate was recommended by a stockholder. To nominate a director for election at our next meeting of stockholders, a stockholder must submit such nomination in writing to our Chief Executive Officer at 2075 West Pinnacle Peak Road, Suite 130, Phoenix, AZ 85027 not later than the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of our next meeting of stockholders is first made by EVO. The Nominating Committee has not specified minimum criteria for director nominees, but the Nominating Committee will evaluate all candidates properly nominated based on the criteria set forth above. 
 Item 11. Executi ve Compensation. 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth all of the compensation awarded to, earned by or paid to (i) each individual who served as EVO s principal executive officer during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; (ii) the two most highly compensated executive officers other than the principal executive officer who were serving as executive officers as of December 31, 2022 and who earned total compensation in excess of 100,000 during such fiscal year; and (iii) the individual for whom disclosure would have been provided pursuant to Regulation S-K but for the fact that such individual was not serving as an executive officer of EVO as of December 31, 2022 (collectively, the named executive officers ). 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary 

Bonus 

Stock Awards 
 
 Option Awards 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 
 All Other Compensation 

Total 

Michael Bayles 
 
 2022 

91,250 

91,250 

Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 2021 

65,502 

60,000 

125,502 

Thomas J. Abood 
 
 2022 

326,538 

326,538 

Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2021 

334,614 

95,668 

100,000 
 
 (1) 
 
 530,282 

Billy (Trey) Peck, Jr. 
 
 2022 

242,308 

90,000 

332,308 

Executive Vice President - Business Development 

Eugene Putnam 
 
 2022 

266,154 

92,000 

358,154 

Executive Vice President - Corporate Services 

Patrick Seul 
 
 2022 

290,064 

120,000 

410,064 

Executive Vice President - General Counsel and Secretary 

38 

(1)	Pursuant to the terms of his employment agreement, Mr. Abood is entitled to a non-accountable travel supplement of 25,000 per quarter. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 1,760 employees, consisting of 1,200 full-time employees and 560 part-time employees. 
 
 The employment agreements with our named executive officers are summarized below. 
 Except for the Amended 2018 Plan, the 2021 AIP and the 2021 LTIP (all summarized in Item 12 below), as of December 31, 2022, no other retirement, pension, profit sharing, stock option or insurance programs or other similar programs have been adopted by the Company for the benefit of its employees. On May 30, 2023, EVO adopted the Annual Incentive Plan of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. (the 2023 AIP and the forms of restricted stock unit award agreements to be granted under the Amended 2018 Plan. See Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 13, Subsequent Events, for descriptions thereof. 
 Employment Agreements 
 Our executive compensation program is designed to attract and retain talent in our industry with the greatest potential to ensure we execute on the Company s business goals to promote both short- and long-term profitable growth of the Company, and to create long-term stockholder value. In September 2022, the Company consummated certain transactions that constituted a recapitalization of the Company. In connection therewith, the Company made several changes to management as described below. 
 Thomas J. Abood 
 
 Mr. Abood served as Chief Executive Officer of EVO from September 2019 to September 2022. On April 10, 2020, EVO entered into an amended and restated executive employment agreement with Thomas J. Abood, as further amended on November 4, 2020 (the Abood Employment Agreement ), amending and restating Mr. Abood s previous employment agreement dated September 23, 2019, pursuant to which he first agreed to serve as EVO s Chief Executive Officer. The Abood Employment Agreement had an initial term ending December 31, 2023. Mr. Abood was eligible to earn an annual base salary of 300,000, incentive compensation based on his performance as determined by the Board, and additional awards of stock options pursuant to any plans or arrangements the Company may have had in effect from time to time. Beginning October 1, 2020, EVO paid Mr. Abood a non-accountable quarterly transportation supplement of 25,000. Pursuant to the Abood Employment Agreement, EVO agreed to grant Mr. Abood options to purchase 1,200,000 shares of EVO s common stock at a price of 2.50 per share. 25 of the options vested on the grant date and the remaining options vest in equal annual installments on the first, second and third anniversary of the effective date of the Abood Employment Agreement. 
 
 On September 12, 2022, the Abood Employment Agreement was terminated. On October 17, 2022, EVO and Mr. Abood entered into a Separation Agreement and Release Abood Separation Agreement pursuant to which (i) Mr. Abood was paid 81,009 as final pay, (ii) EVO agreed to pay Mr. Abood an aggregate of 300,000 over 12 months as separation pay and 33,901 for COBRA continuation coverage, (iii) the parties agreed to extend the maturity date of the Senior Secured Loan and Executive Loan Agreement, dated as of March 11, 2022, and (iv) increased the number of shares of the warrant held by Mr. Abood to 2,169,671 shares of EVO s common stock. The amounts paid to Mr. Abood in 2022 are shown above in the Summary Compensation Table. Through September 30, 2023, EVO paid Mr. Abood 225,000 pursuant to the Abood Separation Agreement. 
 Michael Bayles 
 
 See Director Compensation for a description of the payments to Mr. Bayles for his service as a member of the Board prior to his appointment as Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 On July 10, 2023, EVO entered into an executive employment agreement with Mr. Bayles (the Bayles Employment Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Bayles serves as EVO s Chief Executive Officer. See our Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 10, 2023 for a description of the Bayles Employment Agreement. 
 39 

Billy (Trey) Peck, Jr. 
 On June 1, 2018, EVO entered into an employment agreement (the Peck Employment Agreement with Mr. Peck pursuant to which Mr. Peck serves as EVO s Executive Vice President Business Development. Such agreement was amended on March 23, 2020 and January 1, 2021 (as amended, the Peck Employment Agreement ). The Peck Employment Agreement provides for an initial term of four years, with automatic extensions (absent notice to the contrary) of one year upon the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term. Under the Peck Employment Agreement, Mr. Peck is entitled to base compensation of 225,000 per year, incentive compensation based on Peck s performance as determined by the Board and awards of stock options pursuant to any plans or arrangements the Company may have in effect from time to time. If Mr. Peck is terminated without cause or he resigns with good reason, he will be entitled to receive severance, subject to his execution and non-revocation of a release of claims in favor of the Company and its officers, directors and affiliates, equal to any unpaid base salary, reimbursement for unpaid expenses and all other accrued payments or benefits through his termination date, plus the greater of: (i) his monthly base salary at the level in effect immediately prior to his termination date, multiplied by number of full or partial months, if any, in the period beginning on his termination date and ending on the date his initial employment term would have ended, if later than his termination date or (ii) one-half of his annual base salary at the level in effect immediately prior to his termination date. The Peck Employment Agreement also includes a customary confidentiality covenant and one-year post-termination non-solicitation and non-interference covenants. On June 23, 2023, the Peck Employment Agreement was further amended to increase base compensation to 250,000. 
 Eugene Putnam 
 Mr. Putnam served as EVO s Chief Financial Officer from July 2019 to August 2022 and has served as Executive Vice President Corporate Services since August 2022. On July 22, 2019, EVO entered into an executive employment agreement with Mr. Putnam (the Putnam Employment Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Putnam served as EVO s Chief Financial Officer. The Putnam Employment Agreement provided for an initial term of four years, with automatic extensions (absent notice to the contrary) of one year upon the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term. Under the Putnam Employment Agreement, Mr. Putnam was entitled to base compensation of 230,000 per year, incentive compensation based on Mr. Putnam s performance as determined by the Board and awards of stock options pursuant to any plans or arrangements the Company may have in effect from time to time. The Putnam Employment Agreement also includes a customary confidentiality covenant and one-year post-termination non-solicitation and non-interference covenants. The Putnam Employment Agreement was terminated on July 21, 2023. 
 Patrick Seul 
 Mr. Seul served as EVO s Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from June 2021 to December 2022. On June 21, 2021, EVO entered into an executive employment agreement with Mr. Seul (the Seul Employment Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Seul served as EVO s Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. The Seul Employment Agreement provided for an initial term of three years, with automatic extensions (absent notice to the contrary) of one year upon the expiration of the initial term or any renewal term. Under the Seul Employment Agreement, Mr. Seul was entitled to base compensation of 250,000 per year, incentive compensation based on Mr. Seul s performance as determined by the Board. Upon commencement of Mr. Seul s employment term, EVO agreed to grant Mr. Seul stock options to purchase 750,000 shares of common stock at a price per share equal to the lesser of 2.50 and the price at which options are granted to EVO s executive officers and directors in 2021, 250,000 of which options vested upon issuance, 250,000 of which vested in June 2022, and 250,000 of which would have vested in June 2023. The Seul Employment Agreement was terminated on December 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Seul Employment Agreement, Mr. Seul was entitled to receive a severance payment and certain other payments equal to any unpaid base salary, reimbursement for unpaid expenses and all other accrued payments or benefits through his termination date. On November 23, 2022, EVO and Mr. Seul entered into a Retention Agreement (the Seul Retention Agreement pursuant to which (i) Mr. Seul remained an employee of EVO through December 31, 2022, (ii) EVO agreed to 
 40 

pay Mr. Seul a stay bonus of 45,000 and (iii) EVO agreed to pay Mr. Seul 125,000 in lieu of separation pay otherwise payable under the Seul Employment Agreement. 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 
 The following table shows the number of shares covered by exercisable options and unexerciseable options held by the named executive officers on December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 
 Grant Date 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 

Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 

Option Exercise Price ) 

Option Expiration Date 

Thomas J. Abood 
 
 April 12, 2018 

100,000 

2.50 

April 12, 2028 

September 23, 2019 

1,250,000 

1.50 

September 23, 2029 

April 10, 2020 

900,000 

300,000 
 
 (1) 

1.50 

April 10, 2030 

December 27, 2020 

23,231 

1.50 

December 27, 2030 

Michael Bayles 

Billy (Trey) Peck, Jr. 
 
 December 27, 2020 

20,000 

1.50 

December 27, 2030 

Eugene Putnam 
 
 July 22, 2019 

400,000 

1.50 

July 22, 2029 

December 27, 2020 

18,577 

1.50 

December 27, 2030 

Patrick Seul 
 
 August 03, 2021 

750,000 

1.50 

August 03, 2031 

(1) Options vest as to 300,000 shares on April 10, 2023. 

Director Compensation 
 
 The following table summarizes the compensation paid to each non-employee director in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 
 Fees earned or paid in cash ) (4) 

Stock awards ) (5) 

Option awards ) 

All other compensation ) 

Total ) 

Mark M. Anderson 

110,500 

110,500 

Chetan Bansal 

Anthony Coelho 

75,525 

75,525 

Danny Cuzick (1) 

40,000 

40,000 

Scott M. Honour (2) 

52,500 

52,500 

Raph Posner 

Scott C. Smith 

82,800 

82,800 

R. Scott Wheeler (3) 

10,500 

10,500 

Alexandre Zyngier 

142,683 

200 

142,883 

(1) Mr. Cuzick served on the Board from February 2017 to May 31, 2022. 

(2) Mr. Honour served on the Board from November 2016 to October 5, 2022. 

(3) Mr. Wheeler served on the Board from August 2018 to May 31, 2022. 

(4) Amounts reflect fees earned in 2021 and paid in 2022 and fees earned in 2022 and paid in 2023. 

(5) Amounts reflect the grant date fair value of the award, as determined by the Board. 

41 

For 2022, non-employee directors earned an annual retainer of 50,000 and meeting fees of 1,000 for each board or committee meeting the director attended by person, or 500 for each meeting attended via teleconference. Effective June 1, 2022, the Chairman of the Board earned an additional annual retainer of 30,000. For 2022, the chairmen of the following committees earned the following: (i) Audit Committee, 10,000 annual retainer, (ii) Compensation Committee, 5,000 annual retainer and (iii) Nominating Committee, 5,000 annual retainer. In October 2022, the Board established the Operations Committee, for which Mr. Anderson earned an annual retainer of 10,000 and Mr. Zyngier earned an annual retainer of 20,000. From June 2022 to September 2022, the Board established an ad hoc oversight committee. Mr. Bayles earned a retainer of 20,000 per month for his service as chairman of the ad hoc oversight committee, Mr. Anderson earned a retainer of 5,000 per month to serve as a member of such committee and Mr. Zyngier earned a retainer of 15,000 per month to serve as a member of such committee. All retainers are payable quarterly in arrears. 
 Except as summarized in the previous paragraphs, no members of our board of directors are currently compensated for their services. Our directors are reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with their service and may be compensated by certain stockholders to the extent they were initially appointed as designees on behalf of such holders. 
 Departure of Directors; Election of Directors 
 On March 11, 2022, the Board appointed Mr. Bayles as a member of the Board to fill a newly-created vacancy on the Board. He previously served on the Board from October 9, 2020 until March 12, 2021. 
 Mr. Bayles was appointed to serve on the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Committee. On September 14, 2022, the Board appointed Mr. Bayles as Chief Executive Officer of EVO and Mr. Bayles resigned from the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Committee. 
 On May 31, 2022, Messrs. Cuzick and Wheeler resigned as members of the Board and the Board appointed Messrs. Bansal and Posner to fill the resulting vacancies. The Company does not pay Messrs. Bansal and Posner annual retainers. 
 On June 8, 2022, Mr. Zyngier was appointed as chairman of the Board. 
 On October 5, 2022, Mr. Honour resigned as a member of the Board. 
 On October 17, 2022, Mr. Abood resigned as a member of the Board. 
 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this item. 
 42 

Compensation Committee Report 
 As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this item. 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners 
 The following table lists, as of November 16, 2023, the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person or entity known to us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; (ii) each of our named executive officers and directors; and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group. Applicable percentage ownership is based on 435,200,219 shares of common stock outstanding as of November 16, 2023, together with applicable options, warrants and restricted stock units for each stockholder. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each person listed below is in the care of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., 2075 West Pinnacle Peak Road, Suite 130, Phoenix, AZ 85027. 
 Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options, warrants and restricted stock units currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days. Shares of our capital stock issuable pursuant to options, warrants or restricted stock units are deemed to be outstanding for purposes of computing the beneficial ownership percentage of the person or group holding such options, warrants or restricted stock units but are not deemed to be outstanding for purposes of computing the beneficial ownership percentage of any other person. 

Name of Beneficial Owner or Identity of Group (1) 
 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Series C Preferred Stock 

Series D Preferred Stock 

5 Beneficial Owners 
 
 Shares 

Percent 

Shares 

Percent 

Shares 

Percent 

Antara Capital Master Fund LP 500 Fifth Avenue, Suite 2320 New York, New York 10110 

345,503,483 

79.39 

1 

100.00 

1 

100.00 

John Lampsa Ursula Lampsa 

25,848,001 
 
 (2) 

5.83 

Danny R. Cuzick 

70,858,115 
 
 (3) 

15.01 

Executive Officers and Directors 

Michael Bayles 

Thomas J. Abood 

2,296,527 
 
 (4) 

Billy (Trey) Peck, Jr. 

10,095,177 
 
 (5) 

2.29 

Eugene Putnam 

332,848 
 
 (6) 

Patrick Seul 

750,000 
 
 (7) 

Scott M. Honour 

164,099 
 
 (8) 

Raph Posner 

R. Scott Wheeler 

903,375 
 
 (9) 

Scott Smith 

633,997 
 
 (10) 

Mark Anderson 

813,997 
 
 (11) 

Alexandre Zyngier 

4,558,202 
 
 (12) 

1.04 

Tony Coelho 

733,997 
 
 (13) 

Chetan Bansal 

All executive officers and directors as a group (12 persons) 

18,227,646 
 
 (14) 

4.16 

Less than 1 
 (1) Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of voting stock beneficially owned by them. A person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities which may be acquired by such person within 60 days from the date indicated above upon the exercise of options, warrants, restricted stock units or convertible securities. Each beneficial owner s percentage ownership is determined by assuming that options, warrants, restricted stock units or convertible securities that are held by such person (but not those held by any other person) and which are exercisable within 60 days of the date indicated above, have been exercised. 

(2) Includes 8,349,334 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants. 

43 

(3) Includes 2,978,500 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options and 33,762,501 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants. 

(4) Includes 2,169,671 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants. 

(5) Includes 395,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options, 665,697 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of restricted stock units and 3,511,493 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants. 

(6) Represents 332,848 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of restricted stock units. 

(7) Represents 750,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options. 

(8) Includes (i) 136,829 shares that are owned by Falcon Capital LLC, of which Scott M. Honour is the beneficial owner; (ii) and 27,270 shares that are owned by Honour Capital LP, of which Scott M. Honour is the beneficial owner. The business address of Falcon Capital LLC and Honour Capital LP is 315 E. Lake St. Suite 301, Wayzata, MN 55391. 

(9) Includes 330 shares of common stock held by Pecan River Advisors, LLC, of which Mr. Wheeler is the beneficial owner. Includes 831,703 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants. 

(10) Represents 633,997 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of restricted stock units. 

(11) Includes 180,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options and 633,997 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of restricted stock units. 

(12) Includes 105,500 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options, 1,282,717 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of warrants and 3,169,985 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of restricted stock units. 

(13) Includes 100,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options and 633,997 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of restricted stock units. 

(14) Includes options, warrants and restricted stock units to purchase a total of 12,704,659 shares of common stock. See Footnotes 5 and 10 through 13 above. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 On April 12, 2018, the Board adopted an equity compensation plan (the 2018 Plan to retain and incentivize key personnel to drive the success of the Company. On August 13, 2018, the Board approved an Amended and Restated 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (the Amended 2018 Plan ), amending and restating the 2018 Plan in its entirety. The principal provisions of the Amended 2018 Plan are summarized below. This summary is not a complete description of all the Amended 2018 Plan s provisions and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amended 2018 Plan, which is filed as an exhibit to EVO s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein have the meanings set forth in the Amended 2018 Plan. 
 On May 30, 2023, the Compensation Committee approved the 2023 AIP and the forms of restricted stock unit award agreements to be granted under the Amended 2018 Plan. See Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 13, Subsequent Events, for descriptions thereof. 
 44 

Amended 2018 Plan 
 Administration 
 The Board delegated the administration of the Amended 2018 Plan to the Compensation Committee of the Board. The Board and any committee to which it may delegate the administration of the Amended 2018 Plan from time to time are collectively referred to in the Amended 2018 Plan as the Administrator. 
 The Administrator may delegate to one or more committees and/or sub-committees, or to one or more officers of EVO such administrative duties or powers as it may deem advisable. The Administrator may, by resolution, authorize one or more officers of EVO to do one or both of the following on the same basis as the Administrator: (i) designate employees to be recipients of awards under the Amended 2018 Plan and (ii) determine the size of any such awards; provided, however, that the committee may not delegate such responsibilities to any such officer for awards granted to an employee who is an officer or director of EVO or the beneficial owner of more than 10 of EVO s common stock; the resolution providing such authorization sets forth the total number of awards such officer(s) may grant; and the officer(s) must report periodically to the Administrator regarding the nature and scope of the awards granted pursuant to the authority delegated. 
 Except as otherwise provided in the Amended 2018 Plan, the Administrator will have all of the powers vested in it under the provisions of the Amended 2018 Plan, including but not limited to exclusive authority to determine, in its sole discretion, whether an award will be granted; the individuals to whom, and the time or times at which, awards will be granted; the number of shares subject to each award; the exercise price of Options granted hereunder; and the performance criteria, if any, and any other terms and conditions of each award. The Administrator will have full power and authority to administer and interpret the Amended 2018 Plan, to make and amend rules, regulations and guidelines for administering the Amended 2018 Plan, to prescribe the form and conditions of the respective Agreements evidencing each award (which may vary from Participant to Participant), to amend or revise Agreements evidencing any award (to the extent the amended terms would be permitted by the Amended 2018 Plan and provided that no such revision or amendment, except as is authorized in Section 14 of the Amended 2018 Plan, may impair the terms and conditions of any award that is outstanding on the date of such revision or amendment to the material detriment of the Participant in the absence of the consent of the Participant), and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of the Amended 2018 Plan (including to correct any defect, omission or inconsistency in the Amended 2018 Plan or any Agreement, to the extent permitted by law and the Amended 2018 Plan). The Administrator s interpretation of the Amended 2018 Plan, and all actions taken and determinations made by the Administrator pursuant to the power vested in it under the Amended 2018 Plan will be conclusive and binding on all parties concerned. 
 Eligibility 
 Any employee, director or consultant may participate in the Amended 2018 Plan; provided, however, that only employees are eligible to receive incentive stock options. Additionally, EVO may grant certain performance-based awards to covered employees in compliance with Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. These covered employees include our executive officers. Section 162(m) generally limits the corporate tax deduction for compensation paid to executive officers that is not performance-based to 1,000,000 per executive officer. Performance-based compensation meeting certain requirements is not counted against the 1,000,000 limit and generally remains fully deductible for tax purposes. 
 Shares Available for Awards 
 The stock to be awarded or optioned under the Plan (the share authorization will consist of authorized but unissued or reacquired shares of common stock. The maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock reserved and available for awards under the Amended 2018 Plan originally was 6,250,000 shares and subsequently was increased to 12,000,000 shares, subject to adjustment for any reorganization, merger, consolidation, recapitalization, liquidation, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, combination of shares, rights offering, divestiture or extraordinary dividend (including a spin-off) or any other similar change in the corporate structure or shares of EVO. Any adjustment determination made by the Administrator will be final, binding and conclusive. 

45 

Type of Awards and Terms and Conditions 
 The Amended 2018 Plan provides that the Administrator may grant awards to eligible participants in any of the following forms, subject to such terms, conditions and provisions as the Administrator may determine to be necessary or desirable: 
 stock options, including both incentive stock options ISOs and non-qualified stock options; 

stock appreciation rights; 

restricted stock; 

performance awards; and 

stock bonuses. 

Options . Options may either be incentive stock options, which are specifically designated as such for purposes of compliance with Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code, or non-qualified stock options. Options vest as determined by the Administrator, subject to applicable performance objectives and statutory limitations regarding the maximum term of ISOs and the maximum value of ISOs that may vest in one year. The exercise price of each share subject to an ISO will be equal to or greater than the fair market value of a share on the date of the grant of the ISO, except in the case of an ISO grant to a stockholder who owns stock possessing more than 10 of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of EVO or its parent or any subsidiary, the exercise price will be equal to or greater than 110 of the fair market value of a share on the grant date. Non-qualified stock options vest as determined by the Administrator, subject to applicable performance objectives and statutory limitations regarding the maximum term of non-qualified stock options. The exercise price of each share subject to a non-qualified stock option will be determined by the Administrator at the time of grant but must be equal to or greater than the fair market value of a share on the date of grant. Recipients of options have no rights as stockholders with respect to any shares covered by the award until the award is exercised and a stock certificate or book entry evidencing such shares is issued or made, respectively. 
 Restricted Stock Awards . Restricted stock awards consist of shares granted to a participant that are subject to one or more risks of forfeiture. Restricted stock awards may be subject to risk of forfeiture based on the passage of time or the satisfaction of other criteria, such as continued employment or Company performance. Recipients of restricted stock awards are entitled to vote and receive dividends attributable to the shares underlying the awards beginning on the grant date, but have no other rights as stockholders with respect to such shares. 
 Performance Awards . Performance awards, which may be denominated in cash or shares, are earned upon achievement of performance objectives during a performance period established by the Administrator. Recipients of performance awards have no rights as stockholders with respect to any shares covered by the awards until the date a stock certificate or book entry evidencing such shares is issued or made, respectively. 
 Stock Appreciation Rights . A stock appreciation right may be granted independent of, or in tandem with, a previously or contemporaneously granted stock option, as determined by the Administrator. Generally, upon exercise of a stock appreciation right, the recipient will receive cash, shares of EVO stock, or a combination of cash and stock, with a value equal to the excess of: (i) the fair market value of a specified number of shares of EVO stock on the date of the exercise, over (ii) a specified exercise price. Stock appreciation rights vest as determined by the Administrator, subject to applicable performance objectives and statutory limitations regarding the maximum term of stock appreciation rights. Recipients of stock appreciation rights have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any shares covered by the award until the date a stock certificate or book entry evidencing such shares is issued or made, respectively. 
 Stock Bonuses . Stock bonuses consist of awards of shares granted to a participant subject to such terms and conditions as determined by the Administrator. Recipients of stock bonuses have all rights of stockholders with respect to such shares, provided that the Administrator may impose restrictions on the assignment or transfer of stock bonuses. 
 46 

Amendments of the Amended 2018 Plan 
 The Board may from time to time, insofar as permitted by law, suspend or discontinue the Amended 2018 Plan or revise or amend it in any respect. However, to the extent required by applicable law or regulation or as except as provided under the Amended 2018 Plan itself, the Board may not, without stockholder approval, revise or amend the Amended 2018 Plan to (i) materially increase the number of shares subject to the Amended 2018 Plan, (ii) change the designation of participants, including the class of employees, eligible to receive awards, (iii) decrease the price at which options or stock appreciation rights may be granted, (iv) cancel, regrant, repurchase for cash, or replace options or stock appreciation rights that have an exercise price in excess of the fair market value of the common stock with other awards, or amend the terms of outstanding options or stock appreciation rights to reduce their exercise price, (v) materially increase the benefits accruing to participants under the Amended 2018 Plan, or (vi) make any modification that will cause incentive stock options to fail to meet the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 422. 
 Term 
 The Administrator may grant awards pursuant to the Amended 2018 Plan until it is discontinued or terminated; provided, however, that ISOs may not be granted after August 13, 2028. 
 Change of Control 
 Unless otherwise provided in the terms of an award, upon a change of control of EVO, as defined in the Amended 2018 Plan, the Administrator may provide for one or more of the following: (i) the acceleration of the exercisability, vesting, or lapse of the risks of forfeiture of any or all awards (or portions thereof); (ii) the complete termination of the Amended 2018 Plan and the cancellation of any or all awards (or portions thereof) that have not been exercised, have not vested, or remain subject to risks of forfeiture, as applicable in each case as of the effective date of the change of control; (iii) that the entity succeeding EVO by reason of such change of control, or the parent of such entity, must assume or continue any or all awards (or portions thereof) outstanding immediately prior to the change of control or substitute for any or all such awards (or portions thereof) a substantially equivalent award with respect to the securities of such successor entity, as determined in accordance with applicable laws and regulations; or (iv) that participants holding outstanding awards will become entitled to receive, with respect to each share of common stock subject to such award (whether vested or unvested, as determined by the Administrator pursuant to the Amended 2018 Plan) as of the effective date of any such change of control, cash in an amount equal to (1) for participants holding options or stock appreciation rights, the excess of the fair market value of such common stock on the date immediately preceding the effective date of such change of control over the exercise price per share of options or stock appreciation rights, or (2) for participants holding awards other than options or stock appreciation rights, the fair market value of such common stock on the date immediately preceding the effective date of such change of control. The Administrator need not take the same action with respect to all awards (or portions thereof) or with respect to all participants. 
 Payment 
 Upon exercise of an option granted under the Amended 2018 Plan, and as permitted in the Administrator s discretion, the option holder may pay the exercise price in cash (or cash equivalent), by surrendering previously-acquired unencumbered shares of Company common stock, by withholding shares of Company common stock from the number of shares that would otherwise be issuable upon exercise of the option (e.g., a net share settlement), through broker-assisted cashless exercise (if compliant with applicable securities laws and any insider trading policies of the Company), another form of payment authorized by the Administrator, or a combination of any of the foregoing. If the exercise price is paid, in whole or in part, with Company common stock, the then-current fair market value of the stock delivered or withheld will be used to calculate the number of shares required to be delivered or withheld. 
 Transfer Restrictions 
 Unless permitted by law and expressly permitted by the Amended 2018 Plan or underlying award agreement, no award will be transferable, other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. The Administrator may permit a recipient of a non-qualified stock option to transfer the award by gift to his or her immediate family or to certain trusts or partnerships (as defined and permitted by applicable federal securities law). 
 47 

Forms of Agreement 
 The Administrator has approved forms of agreement to govern incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units. The foregoing summaries of the Amended 2018 Plan and the forms of the agreements do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the text of the Amended 2018 Plan and to the text of the forms of agreement, all of which are filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2021 AIP and LTIP 
 On August 17, 2021, the Compensation Committee of the Board approved the EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. 2021 Annual Incentive Plan (the 2021 AIP ), to provide the terms of annual bonus opportunities to be granted to the Company s executive officers and other participating employees. The purposes of the 2021 AIP are to maintain a competitive level of total cash compensation and to align the interests of the Company s executives and other employees with those of the Company s shareholders and with the strategic objectives of the Company. 
 
 The 2021 AIP provides the Company s executive officers and other participating employees with an opportunity to earn cash incentive compensation based upon the achievement of performance goals over a specified performance period. All of the Company s executive officers and certain other employees designated as eligible employees from time to time are eligible to participate in the 2021 AIP. The 2021 AIP focuses on achievement of certain annual objectives and goals, as determined by the Compensation Committee at the beginning of each calendar year, and provides that the participants may earn a pre-determined percentage of their respective base salaries for the achievement of such specified goals. Under the 2021 AIP, the payout opportunity is contingent upon meeting the threshold performance levels, and thereafter varies for performance above and below the pre-established target performance levels, subject to a maximum award level. With respect to EVO s chief executive officer, the target award equals 50 of 2021 base salary, and with respect to EVO s other named executive officers the target award equals 40 of base salary, all as adjusted based upon meeting or exceeding the performance levels established by the Compensation Committee for 2021, and cannot exceed a maximum payment limit specified by the Compensation Committee. The 2021 AIP also provides that each named executive officer s award will be forfeited if such executive officer s employment does not continue through December 31 of the applicable plan year. 
 
 The performance metrics on which awards under the 2021 AIP were granted include 2021 revenue and EBITDA, and payment of incentive awards under the 2021 AIP is dependent upon achievement of defined goals for each performance metric. However, the Compensation Committee retains the discretion to increase, reduce or eliminate any incentive award that becomes payable under the 2021 AIP. Awards under the 2021 AIP will be granted for services provided in calendar year 2021 and will be payable in 2022. Incentive awards under the 2021 AIP are paid in cash following the end of calendar year 2021 and after the Compensation Committee has determined and certified the level of performance achieved and the incentive awards earned. 
 
 Also on August 17, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved the EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. 2021 Annual Incentive Plan (the 2021 LTIP ), pursuant to which the Company expects to make annual long term incentive awards based on shares of EVO s common stock, including restricted stock units RSUs and non-statutory stock options. Awards under the 2021 will be made under and pursuant to the terms of the Amended 2018 Plan. Under the 2021 LTIP, the Compensation Committee will make time-based RSU and stock option awards to key employees, including the named executive officers. The value of the 2021 LTIP awards will be based upon a percentage of the named executive officer s salary. Under the 2021 LTIP, a named executive officer s 2021 LTIP award is comprised of 50 of time-based RSUs and 50 stock options. Time-based RSU awards under the 2021 LTIP will vest three years from the date of grant, and stock option awards will vest ratably in one-third increments on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the date of the grant conditional upon continued employment with the Company. 
 
 See Note 13, Subsequent Events, for a description of the Annual Incentive Plan of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and the restricted stock unit award agreements, each of which was approved in May 2023. 
 48 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The table below provides summary information about the securities issuable under our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 

Weighted- average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

9,627,942 

2.03 

2,372,058 

Total 

9,627,942 

2.03 

2,372,058 

Item 13. Certain Relationships, Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Transactions with Related Persons 
 Accounts Payable - Related Party 
 On February 15, 2019, the Company entered into an agreement to lease software technology for operations from a company owned by one of the Company s officers. Under the agreement, the Company pays a monthly fee for this technology based on the number of devices installed across the Company s fleet. The agreement was terminated in September 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized expense of approximately 0 million and 0.6 million, respectively, related to this software technology, and 0 million and 0.1 million was owed as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Accrued Interest - Related Party 
 The Company s accrued interest - related party consists of the accrued interest payments on stockholders and related party debt. Accrued interest - related party was 1.0 million and 2.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Sheehy Settlement Agreement 
 On September 27, 2022, EVO, Sheehy Mail Contractors, Inc. Sheehy ), Sheehy Enterprises, Inc. SEI ), North American Dispatch Systems, LLC NADS ), John Sheehy J. Sheehy ), Robert Sheehy R. Sheehy and, together with SEI, NADS and J. Sheehy, the Sheehy Parties entered into a Settlement Agreement (the Sheehy Settlement Agreement which consummated the following: (i) terminated the services agreement with NADS with the receipt of 0.1 million over multiple installments through August 31, 2023; (ii) Sheehy agreed to pledge 0.8 million in cash collateral held in the SEI captive insurance member account, under the CSPA, on or before March 1, 2024; (iii) modified an equipment lease between Sheehy and SEI; and (iv) SEI waived and agreed to not exercise the 1.2 million put right with the receipt of 0.1 million over multiple installments through December 31, 2023. Accordingly, EVO is no longer obligated to redeem the common stock held by SEI. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, redeemable common stock was 0 and 1.2 million, respectively. 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements - Collateral Security Pledge Agreement 
 On January 2, 2019 EVO acquired all of the outstanding equity interests in Sheehy. Sheehy is engaged in the business of fulfilling government contracts for freight trucking services, as well as providing freight trucking services to non-government entities. On January 31, 2019, the Company entered into a letter agreement with SEI, to satisfy the Sheehy captive insurance security deposit requirement for 2019 (see Note 10, Commitments and Contingencies Off Balance Sheet Arrangements Captive Insurance ). The letter agreement references a Collateral Security Pledge Agreement among SEI, Sheehy and the insurance captive CSPA ). In connection with the Sheehy Settlement Agreement, Sheehy pledged 0.8 million in cash collateral held in the SEI captive insurance member account, under the CSPA, on or before March 1, 2024, and SEI agreed to continue its collateral pledge until that time. 
 
 49 

Creditor Exchange Agreements 
 As noted in Note 5, Debt , Danny Cuzick, John and Ursula Lampsa and Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. exchanged historical promissory notes issued by EVO and its subsidiaries for (i) warrants to purchase shares of EVO common stock; (ii) a 75,000 payment and (iii) the Takeback Notes resulting in a restructuring gain of approximately 9.0 million recorded within additional paid-in-capital as of December 31, 2022. 
 Amendments to Leases 
 In connection with the Recapitalization Transactions, Ursa Major Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of EVO Ursa ), entered into two separate lease amendments with Ursa Oak Creek LLC and Ursa Group LLC. The amendments provided that the monthly offset payments under Ursa s leases will continue until the earliest of (i) September 8, 2027, (ii) the date that the Takeback Note issued to John and Ursula Lampsa is satisfied in full, and (iii) the date the lease is terminated other than for Ursa s breach. See Note 5, Debt , for further information regarding the Takeback Notes. 
 Purchase of Fixed Assets 
 On October 15, 2019, EVO entered into an agreement with an existing stockholder to purchase used CNG tractors in exchange for 1,174,800 shares of EVO s common stock and a warrant to purchase 1,174,800 shares of EVO s common stock at an exercise price of 2.50 per share. Although the transaction was not consummated, the Company recorded 3.5 million related to the tractors within property and equipment, net on its consolidated balance sheets included in this annual report, with an associated 3.5 million related to EVO s obligation to issue the common stock and the warrant to purchase common stock within common stock issuable. In October 2023, EVO, the stockholder and his affiliated company entered into a settlement agreement to mutually rescind the transaction. 
 For information regarding additional related party transactions, see Note 5, Debt , and Note 6, Stockholders Deficit and Warrants . 
 Director Independence 
 Our securities are not listed on a national securities exchange or on any inter-dealer quotation system which has a requirement that a majority of directors be independent. We evaluate independence by the standards for director independence set forth in the NASDAQ Listing Rules. 
 Under NASDAQ Rule 5605(a)(2)(A), a director is not considered to be independent if he or she also is an executive officer or employee of the corporation. In considering a director s independence, the Board considers any related party transactions that currently exist or have occurred during the timeframes specified by NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) and whether the director has any relationships that, in the opinion of the Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The Board determined that Messrs. Anderson, Coelho, Smith and Zyngier are independent within the meaning of NASDAQ Listing Rules. Messrs. Bansal, Bayles and Posner are not independent directors. 
 Item 14. Principal Accou nting Fees and Services 
 The following summarizes the fees we were billed for audit and non-audit services rendered for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . Marcum LLP Marcum was our independent registered public accounting firm from January 7, 2019 until September 1, 2021, when the Audit Committee approved the dismissal of Marcum and appointed Grant Thornton LLP Grant Thornton as our independent registered public accounting firm, whose PCAOB Firm ID is . 
 Audit Fees 
 
 Audit fees consist primarily of audit work performed in preparation of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Grant Thornton s audit fees billed were 726,276 and 706,288 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 
 Audit-related fees consist of fees charged by our accountants for assurance and related services that are related to the performance of the audit or review of our annual and quarterly financial statements. Grant Thornton's audit-related fees billed were 0 and 0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 50 

Tax Fees 
 
 Tax fees consist of fees for professional services rendered by our accountants for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. Grant Thornton's tax fees billed were 0 and 0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 All Other Fees 
 Other fees consist of fees for products and services provided by our accountants other than the services reported under the headings Audit Fees, Audit-Related Fees and Tax Fees above. Other fees billed by Grant Thornton in the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0 and 0, respectively. 
 Audit Committee s Pre-Approval Process 
 On February 7, 2019, the Board established the Audit Committee. Under our current policy, the Audit Committee approves in advance all fees and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee pre-approved all audit and permissible non-audit services performed by our independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 51 

PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financ ial Statement Schedules. 
 Financial Statements 

Statement 
 
 Page 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-1 

Balance Sheets 
 
 F- 2 

Statements of Operations 
 
 F- 3 

Statement of Changes in Stockholders Deficit 
 
 F- 4 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F- 5 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F- 6 

Financial Statement Schedules 
 None. 
 Exhibits 
 See the Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page to this annual report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 52 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 The exhibits listed below are filed with this annual report on Form 10-K. Certain exhibits and schedules to the documents listed below have been omitted pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. The Company hereby undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any omitted exhibits and schedules upon request to the SEC; provided, however, that the Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any exhibits or schedules so furnished. 
 53 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Articles of Merger of Minn Shares Inc. (a Minnesota corporation) and Minn Shares Inc. (a Delaware corporation) (1) 

2.2 
 
 Certificate of Merger of Minn Shares Inc. (a Minnesota corporation) into Minn Shares Inc. (a Delaware corporation) (1) 

2.3 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Securities Exchange, dated November 22, 2016, by and among Minn Shares Inc., Titan CNG LLC and the members of Titan CNG LLC (2) 

2.4 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 23, 2016, by and between Shock, Inc. and Minn Shares Inc. (2) 

2.5 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Securities Exchange, dated January 11, 2017, by and among EVO CNG, LLC, Environmental Alternative Fuels, LLC, Danny R. Cuzick, Damon R. Cuzick, Theril H. Lund, Thomas J. Kiley and Minn Shares Inc. (3) 

2.6 
 
 Equity Purchase Agreement dated June 1, 2018 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. (13) 

2.7 
 
 Acquisition Option Agreement dated September 5, 2018 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., Sheehy Enterprises, Inc., Sheehy Mail Contractors, Inc., John Sheehy, and Robert Sheehy (18) 

2.8 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger dated December 15, 2018 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., Ursa Major Corporation, EVO Merger Sub, Inc., John Lampsa and Ursula Lampsa (21) 

2.9 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated December 15, 2018 between EVO Equipment Leasing, LLC, John Lampsa and Ursula Lampsa (21) 

2.10 
 
 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger dated February 1, 2019 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., EVO Merger Sub, Inc., Ursa Major Corporation, John Lampsa, and Ursula Lampsa (24) 

2.11 
 
 Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement dated February 1, 2019 between EVO Equipment Leasing, LLC, John Lampsa, and Ursula Lampsa (24) 

2.12 
 
 Stock Purchase and Exchange dated July 15, 2019 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., James C. Finkle, Jr., and Clifford Finkle IV (28) 

2.13 
 
 Stock Exchange Agreement dated September 16, 2019, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., EVO Holding Company, LLC, Matthew Ritter, and Michael Ritter (29) 

2.14 
 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated September 16, 2019, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., EVO Holding Company, LLC, Matthew Ritter, and Michael Ritter (29) 

2.15 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated September 16, 2019, among EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., EVO Holding Company, LLC, Matthew Ritter, and Michael Ritter (29) 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (1) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (8) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (10) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Rights and Preferences of Series A Preferred Stock of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. (14) 

3.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (45) 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Rights and Preferences of Series B Preferred Stock of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. (36) 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series C Non-Participating Preferred Stock of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., dated March 11, 2022 (45) 

3.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., dated March 18, 2022 (45) 

3.9 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series D Non-Participating Preferred Stock of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., dated July 13, 2022 (47) 

4.1 
 
 Loan Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2014, by and between Titan El Toro, LLC and FirstCNG LLC and Tradition Capital Bank (2) 

4.2 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated February 1, 2017, by Minn Shares Inc. in favor of Danny R. Cuzick (4) 

4.3 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated February 1, 2017, by Minn Shares Inc. in favor of Damon R. Cuzick (4) 

4.4 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated February 1, 2017, by Minn Shares Inc. in favor of Theril H. Lund (4) 

4.5 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note, dated February 1, 2017, by Minn Shares Inc. in favor of Thomas J. Kiley (4) 

4.6 
 
 Senior Promissory Note, dated February 1, 2017, by Minn Shares Inc. in favor of Danny R. Cuzick (4) 

4.7 
 
 Working Capital Note, dated February 1, 2017, by Minn Shares in favor of Danny R. Cuzick (4) 

4.8 
 
 Working Capital Note, dated February 1, 2017, by Minn Shares in favor of Damon R. Cuzick (4) 

54 

4.9 
 
 Working Capital Note, dated February 1, 2017, by Minn Shares in favor of Theril H. Lund (4) 

4.10 
 
 Working Capital Note, dated February 1, 2017, by Minn Shares in favor of Thomas J. Kiley (4) 

4.11 
 
 Promissory Note, dated February 1, 2017, by Environmental Alternative Fuels, LLC in favor of Danny R. Cuzick (4) 

4.12 
 
 Amendment to Promissory Note, dated April 2, 2018, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Danny R. Cuzick (14) 

4.13 
 
 Covenant Waiver Letter, dated February 21, 2019, from Tradition Capital Bank (25) 

4.14 
 
 Financing Agreement, dated September 16, 2019, among EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., each subsidiary of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., various lenders from time to time party thereto, and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent (29) 

4.15 
 
 Forbearance Agreement and Incremental Amendment to Financing Agreement, dated February 27, 2020, among EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., each subsidiary of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., various lenders from time to time party thereto, and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent (35) 

4.16 
 
 Amendment to Forbearance Agreement and Second Incremental Amendment to Financing Agreement, dated March 24, 2020, among EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., each subsidiary of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., various lenders from time to time party thereto, and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent (36) 

4.17 
 
 Second Amendment to Forbearance Agreement and Omnibus Amendment to Loan Documents dated October 20, 2020 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., each subsidiary of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., various lenders from time to time party thereto, and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent. (39) 

4.18 
 
 Loan Agreement dated December 14, 2020 between EVO Holding Company, LLC, Ritter Transport, Inc., John W. Ritter Trucking, Inc., Johmar Leasing Company, LLC, Ritter Transportation Systems, Inc., as the Borrowers, EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., as Guarantor, and Commerce Bank of Arizona, Inc. (40) 

4.19 
 
 Second Omnibus Amendment to Loan Documents dated December 14, 2020 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., each subsidiary of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., various lenders from time to time party thereto, and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent (40) 

4.20 
 
 Modification Agreement dated December 22, 2020 between EVO Holding Company, LLC, Ritter Transport, Inc., John W. Ritter Trucking, Inc., Johmar Leasing Company, LLC, Ritter Transportation Systems, Inc., as the Borrowers, EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., as Guarantor, and Commerce Bank of Arizona, Inc. (40) 

4.21 
 
 Second Modification Agreement dated December 23, 2020 between EVO Holding Company, LLC, Ritter Transport, Inc., John W. Ritter Trucking, Inc., Johmar Leasing Company, LLC, Ritter Transportation Systems, Inc., as the Borrowers, EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., as Guarantor, and Commerce Bank of Arizona, Inc. (40) 

4.22 
 
 Senior Secured Loan and Executive Loan Agreement dated March 11, 2022 between and among EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries as guarantors, Antara Capital Master Fund LP, Thomas J. Abood, Damon R. Cuzick, Bridgewest Growth Fund LLC, and Batuta Capital Advisors LLC (45) 

4.23 
 
 Loan Extension Agreement dated May 31, 2022 between and among EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries as guarantors, Antara Capital Master Fund LP, Thomas J. Abood, Damon R. Cuzick, Bridgewest Growth Fund LLC, and Batuta Capital Advisors LLC (46) 

4.24 
 
 Second Loan Extension Agreement dated June 30, 2022 between and among EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries as guarantors, Antara Capital Master Fund LP, Thomas J. Abood, Damon R. Cuzick, Bridgewest Growth Fund LLC, and Batuta Capital Advisors LLC (47) 

4.25 
 
 Third Loan Extension Agreement dated July 8, 2022 between and among EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries as guarantors, Antara Capital Master Fund LP, Thomas J. Abood, Damon R. Cuzick, Bridgewest Growth Fund LLC, and Batuta Capital Advisors LLC (47) 

4.26 
 
 Fourth Loan Extension Agreement dated July 15, 2022 between and among EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries as guarantors, Antara Capital Master Fund LP, Thomas J. Abood, Damon R. Cuzick, Bridgewest Growth Fund LLC, and Batuta Capital Advisors LLC (48) 

4.27 
 
 Fifth Loan Extension Agreement dated August 12, 2022 between and among EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries as guarantors, Antara Capital Master Fund LP, Thomas J. Abood, Damon R. Cuzick, Bridgewest Growth Fund LLC, and Batuta Capital Advisors LLC (49) 

10.1+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated February 1, 2017, between Minn Shares Inc. and Damon R. Cuzick (4) 

55 

10.2 
 
 Lease Contract, effective December 19, 2015, between South Coast Air Quality Management District and Titan Diamond Bar LLC (2) 

10.3 
 
 Line Extension Contract, dated April 3, 2014, between Southern California Gas Company and EVO CNG, LLC (8) 

10.4 
 
 Fuel Purchase Agreement, dated April 12, 2013, between Environmental Alternative Fuels, LLC and Central Freight Lines, Inc. (8) 

10.5 
 
 Incremental Natural Gas Facilities Agreement, dated February 24, 2014, between Southwest Gas Corporation and Environmental Alternative Fuels, LLC (8) 

10.6 
 
 Service Agreement for Transportation of Customer Secured Natural Gas dated October 2, 2014 by and between Southwest Gas Corporation and Environmental Alternative Fuels, LLC (8) 

10.7 
 
 Fuel Purchase Agreement, dated January 11, 2013, between Environmental Alternative Fuels, LLC and Sheehy Mail Contractors, Inc. (8) 

10.8 
 
 Master Retail Gas Sales Agreement, dated November 1, 2013, between Integrys Energy Services Natural Gas, LLC and EVO CNG, LLC (8) 

10.9 
 
 Fuel Purchase Agreement, dated October 1, 2013, between EAF and Central Freight Lines, Inc. (8) 

10.10 
 
 Natural Gas Service and Pipeline Agreement, dated November 12, 2014, between EAF and LDC, LLC (8) 

10.11 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (9) 

10.12 
 
 Form of Warrant (9) 

10.13 
 
 Share Escrow Agreement, dated March 20, 2018, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and the shareholders party thereto. (14) 

10.14 
 
 EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (17) 

10.15 
 
 Form of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. Option Agreement (17) 

10.16 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (15) 

10.17 
 
 Promissory Note dated June 1, 2018 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. (13) 

10.18 
 
 Stock Pledge Agreement dated June 1, 2018 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. (13) 

10.19 
 
 Security Agreement dated June 1, 2018 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., Thunder Ridge Transport, Inc., and Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. (13) 

10.20+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated June 1, 2018 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. (13) 

10.21 
 
 Subscription Agreement dated June 1, 2018 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. (13) 

10.22 
 
 Warrant dated June 1, 2018 issued to Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. 3.00) (13) 

10.23 
 
 Warrant dated June 1, 2018 issued to Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. 5.00) (13) 

10.24 
 
 Warrant dated June 1, 2018 issued to Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. 7.00) (13) 

10.25 
 
 Note Purchase Agreement dated July 20, 2018 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Dan Thompson II LLC. (16) 

10.26 
 
 Security Agreement dated June 1, 2018 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Dan Thompson II LLC. (16) 

10.27 
 
 Transportation Services Proposal Contract for Regular Service (Contract No. 430Q8) between Thunder Ridge Transport Inc. and United States Postal Service. (20) 

10.28 
 
 Transportation Services Proposal Contract for Regular Service (Contract No. 913A7) between Thunder Ridge Transport Inc. and United States Postal Service. (20) 

10.29 
 
 Transportation Services Proposal Contract for Regular Service (Contract No. 995L2) between Thunder Ridge Transport Inc. and United States Postal Service. (20) 

10.30 
 
 Transportation Services Proposal Contract for Regular Service (Contract No. 995L3) between Thunder Ridge Transport Inc. and United States Postal Service. (20) 

10.31 
 
 Transportation Services Proposal Contract for Regular Service (Contract No. 945L3) between Thunder Ridge Transport Inc. and United States Postal Service. (20) 

10.32 
 
 Equipment Lease Agreement dated January 2, 2019 between Sheehy Enterprises, Inc. and Sheehy Mail, Inc. (22) 

10.33 
 
 Promissory Note dated February 1, 2019 between EVO Equipment Leasing, LLC, John Lampsa, and Ursula Lampsa (24) 

56 

10.34 
 
 Amendment to Equipment Lease Agreement dated April 15, 2019 between Sheehy Enterprises, Inc. and Sheehy Mail Contractors, Inc. (25) 

10.35 
 
 Amendment to Equity Purchase Agreement dated December 26, 2018 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. (25) 

10.36 
 
 Amendment to Equity Purchase Agreement dated February 28, 2019 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. (25) 

10.37 
 
 Amendment to Equity Purchase Agreement dated April 12, 2019 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. (25) 

10.38 
 
 Amendment to Promissory Note, dated April 22, 2019, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Danny R. Cuzick (25) 

10.39 
 
 Amendment to Promissory Note, dated April 22, 2019, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Danny R. Cuzick on behalf of Damon R. Cuzick (25) 

10.40 
 
 Amendment to Promissory Note, dated April 22, 2019, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Danny R. Cuzick on behalf of Theril H. Lund (25) 

10.41 
 
 Amendment to Promissory Note, dated April 22, 2019, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Danny R. Cuzick on behalf of Thomas J. Kiley (25) 

10.42 
 
 Amendment to Equity Purchase Agreement dated April 30, 2019 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. (25) 

10.43+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated July15, 2019 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Clifford Finkle IV (28) 

10.44+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated July15, 2019 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and James C. Finkle Jr. (28) 

10.45+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated July22, 2019 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Eugene S. Putnam, Jr. (28) 

10.46+ 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated September 16, 2019, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Michael Ritter (29) 

10.47 
 
 Side Letter Agreement, dated September 16, 2019, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Antara Capital LP (29) 

10.48 
 
 Subordination Agreement, dated September 16, 2019, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., Danny Cuzick, and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC (29) 

10.49 
 
 Subordination Agreement, dated September 16, 2019, between Environmental Alternative Fuels, LLC, Danny Cuzick, and Cortland Capital Market Services LLC (29) 

10.50 
 
 Amendment to Promissory Note, dated August 30, 2019, between John Lampsa and Ursula Lampsa and EVO Equipment Leasing, LLC (29) 

10.51 
 
 Extension of the Original Equity Purchase Agreement and Amendments Thereto, dated August 30, 2019, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. (29) 

10.52 
 
 Warrant, dated September 16, 2019, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Antara Capital Master Fund LP (29) 

10.53 
 
 Warrant, dated September 16, 2019, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Danny Cuzick (29) 

10.54+ 
 
 Option Agreement, dated September 23, 2019, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Thomas J. Abood (30) 

10.55+ 
 
 Option Agreement, dated July 22, 2019, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Eugene S. Putnam, Jr. (30) 

10.56+ 
 
 Warrant, dated September 16, 2019, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Corbin ERISA Opportunity Fund Ltd. (33) 

10.57 
 
 Warrant, dated September 16, 2019, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Antara Capital Master Fund LP (34) 

10.58 
 
 Warrant, dated September 16, 2019, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Corbin ERISA Opportunity Fund Ltd. (34) 

10.59 
 
 Warrant, dated February 27, 2020, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Antara Capital Master Fund LP (35) 

10.60 
 
 Waiver and Warrant Agreement, dated March 26, 2020, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Danny Cuzick (36) 

57 

10.61 
 
 Waiver and Agreement to Issue Warrant, dated March 31, 2020, between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Antara Capital Master Fund LP (37) 

10.62 
 
 Note dated April 15, 2020 issued by EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. to BOKF, N.A. (dba Bank of Oklahoma) (38) 

10.63+ 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement dated April 10, 2020 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Thomas J. Abood (38) 

10.64 
 
 Warrant Agreement dated March 17, 2021 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Midwest Bank (41) 

10.65 
 
 Warrant Agreement dated March 17, 2021 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Dan Thompson II, LLC 2.50) (41) 

10.66 
 
 Warrant Agreement dated March 17, 2021 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Dan Thompson II, LLC 0.01) (41) 

10.67 
 
 Office Lease dated November 27, 2019 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and LPC Corridors, LLC (42) 

10.68 
 
 Commercial Lease Agreement dated November 1, 2019 between Thunder Ridge Transport, Inc. and Apple Moving, Inc. (42) 

10.69 
 
 Lease dated February 1, 2019 between Ursa Major Corporation and Ursa Group, LLC (42) 

10.70 
 
 Lease dated February 1, 2019 between Ursa Major Corporation and Ursa Oak Creek LLC (42) 

10.71 
 
 Lease Agreement dated September 30, 2018 between Thunder Ridge Transport, Inc. and ST Equity Properties, LLC (42) 

10.72 
 
 Lease Business Property dated January 29, 2018 between Sheehy Mail Contractors, Inc. and Penta Partners, LLC (42) 

10.73 
 
 Ground Lease Agreement dated March 4, 2022 between Transport Leasing Inc. and 1230 McCarter Highway, LLC (59) 

10.74 
 
 Storage Parking Lease dated March 1, 2012 between John W. Ritter Trucking Incorporated and Allen Robinson (42) 

10.75 
 
 First Amendment to Commercial Lease Agreement dated February 4, 2021 between EVO Transportation, Inc. and Anne Arundel Development Group, LLC (42) 

10.76 
 
 Lease dated October 31, 2019 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Ailanthus L.L.C. (42) 

10.77 
 
 Assignment, Assumption and Consent to Assignment of Lease and Subleases dated May 26, 2021 by and among HP Lumina, LLC, Atlantic Postal Services, Inc., and EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. (42) 

10.78 
 
 Lease Agreement dated April 26, 2015 between HP Lumina, LLC and Edwards Mail Service, Inc. (42) 

10.79+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement dated February 1, 2021 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and R. Scott Wheeler (44) 

10.80+ 
 
 Employment Agreement dated June 21, 2021 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Patrick Seul (42) 

10.81 
 
 Second Amendment to Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated March 11, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Danny R. Cuzick (45) 

10.82 
 
 Second Amendment to Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated March 11, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Danny R. Cuzick, as holders representative on behalf of Damon R. Cuzick (45) 

10.83 
 
 Second Amendment to Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated March 11, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Danny R. Cuzick, as holders representative on behalf of Theril H. Lund (45) 

10.84 
 
 Second Amendment to Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated March 11, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Danny R. Cuzick, as holders representative on behalf of Thomas J. Kiley (45) 

10.85 
 
 Warrant dated March 11, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Antara Capital Master Fund LP (45) 

10.86 
 
 Warrant dated March 11, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Thomas J. Abood (45) 

10.87 
 
 Warrant dated March 11, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Damon R. Cuzick (45) 

10.88 
 
 Warrant dated March 11, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Bridgewest Growth Fund LLC (45) 

10.89 
 
 Warrant dated March 11, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Batuta Capital Advisors LLC (45) 

10.90 
 
 Warrant dated March 11, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Danny R. Cuzick (45) 

10.91 
 
 Warrant dated March 11, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Damon R. Cuzick (45) 

10.92 
 
 Warrant dated March 11, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Theril H. Lund (45) 

10.93 
 
 Warrant dated March 11, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Thomas J. Kiley (45) 

58 

10.94 
 
 Lease Renewal Agreement dated March 21, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and HP Lumina, LLC (45) 

10.95 
 
 Board Observer Agreement dated May 31, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Danny R. Cuzick (46) 

10.96 
 
 Indemnification Agreement dated May 31, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Chetan Bansal (46) 

10.97 
 
 Indemnification Agreement dated May 31, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Raph Posner (46) 

10.98 
 
 Amended and Restated Option Agreement dated March 18, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Danny Cuzick (59) 

10.99 
 
 Amended and Restated Option Agreement dated March 18, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Danny Cuzick (59) 

10.100+ 
 
 Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement dated November 4, 2020 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Thomas Abood (59) 

10.101+ 
 
 Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement effective January 1, 2021 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Damon Cuzick (59) 

10.102+ 
 
 Second Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement effective January 1, 2021 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Billy Trey Peck, Jr. (59) 

10.103 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated September 8, 2022 by and among EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., EVO Holding Company, LLC and Antara Capital Master Fund LP (50) 

10.104 
 
 Exchange Agreement dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Danny Cuzick (50) 

10.105 
 
 Exchange Agreement dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., EVO Equipment Leasing, LLC, and John and Ursula Lampsa (50) 

10.106 
 
 Exchange Agreement dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. (50) 

10.107 
 
 Exchange Agreement dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Mohsin Meghji (50) 

10.108 
 
 Exchange Agreement dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Robert Mendola (50) 

10.109 
 
 Unsecured Promissory Note dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Danny Cuzick (50) 

10.110 
 
 Unsecured Promissory Note dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and John and Ursula Lampsa (50) 

10.111 
 
 Unsecured Promissory Note dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. (50) 

10.112 
 
 Unsecured Promissory Note dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Mohsin Meghi (50) 

10.113 
 
 Unsecured Promissory Note dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Robert Mendola (50) 

10.114 
 
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Holding Company, LLC, EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Antara Capital Master Fund LP (50) 

10.115 
 
 Sixth Loan Extension Agreement dated September 8, 2022 between and among EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., certain of its subsidiaries as guarantors, Antara Capital Master Fund LP, Damon R. Cuzick, Bridgewest Growth Fund LLC, and Batuta Capital Advisors LLC (50) 

10.116 
 
 First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., Thunder Ridge Transport, Inc., Billy (Trey) Peck Jr., and Clean Energy (50) 

10.117 
 
 First Amendment of Lease dated September 8, 2022 between Ursa Major Corporation and Ursa Oak Creek LLC (50) 

10.118 
 
 First Amendment of Lease dated September 8, 2022 between Ursa Major Corporation and Ursa Group LLC (50) 

10.119 
 
 Warrant dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Antara Capital Master Fund LP (immediately exercisable) (50) 

10.120 
 
 Warrant dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Antara Capital Master Fund LP (14C warrant) (50) 

10.121 
 
 Warrant dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Danny Cuzick 0.0001) (50) 

10.122 
 
 Warrant dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Danny Cuzick 0.53) (50) 

59 

10.123 
 
 Warrant dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and John and Ursula Lampsa 0.0001) (50) 

10.124 
 
 Warrant dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and John and Ursula 0.53) (50) 

10.125 
 
 Warrant dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. 0.0001) (50) 

10.126 
 
 Warrant dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Billy (Trey) Peck Jr. 0.53) (50) 

10.127 
 
 Warrant dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Mohsin Meghji 0.0001) (50) 

10.128 
 
 Warrant dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Mohsin Meghji 0.53) (50) 

10.129 
 
 Warrant dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Robert Mendola 0.0001) (50) 

10.130 
 
 Warrant dated September 8, 2022 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Robert Mendola 0.53) (50) 

10.131+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Bruce Kalem, dated and effective as of February 8, 2023 (53) 

10.132 
 
 Settlement Agreement, dated April 14, 2023, among Titan CNG, LLC, EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., Falcon Capital, LLC and Scott Honour (54) 

10.133 
 
 Unsecured Promissory Note, dated April 14, 2023, by EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. in favor of Falcon Capital, LLC (54) 

10.134 
 
 Third Modification Agreement, dated April 19, 2023, among EVO Holding Company, LLC, Ritter Transport, Inc., John W. Ritter Trucking, Inc., Johmar Leasing Company, LLC and Ritter Transportation Systems, Inc., as the Borrowers, EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., as Guarantor, and Commerce Bank of Arizona, Inc. (54) 

10.135+ 
 
 Annual Incentive Plan of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. (55) 

10.136+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Employees) (55) 

10.137+ 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (Non-Employee Directors) (55) 

10.138 
 
 Fourth Modification Agreement, dated June 15, 2023, among EVO Holding Company, LLC, Ritter Transport, Inc., John W. Ritter Trucking, Inc., Johmar Leasing Company, LLC and Ritter Transportation Systems, Inc., as the Borrowers, EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., as Guarantor, and Commerce Bank of Arizona, Inc. (56) 

10.139+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Michael Bayles, dated and effective as of July 10, 2023 (57) 

10.140 
 
 Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement and Joint Escrow Instructions (Tolleson), dated July 20, 2023, between Environmental Alternative Fuels, LLC and Clean Energy. (58) 

10.141 
 
 Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement and Joint Escrow Instructions (Oak Creek), dated July 20, 2023, between Environmental Alternative Fuels, LLC and Clean Energy. (58) 

10.142 
 
 Equipment Purchase Agreement, dated July 20, 2023, between Environmental Alternative Fuels, LLC and California Clean Energy, Inc. (58) 

10.143+ 
 
 Executive Employment Agreement between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and James Faught, dated and effective as of September 1, 2023 (60) 

10.144 + 
 
 Third Amendment to Executive Employment Agreement effective June 23, 2023 between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. and Billy Trey Peck, Jr. 

10.145 
 
 Commercial Contract - Unimproved Property, dated June 2, 2023, between Environmental Alternative Fuels, LLC and Brazos De Santos Partners, Ltd. 

10.146 
 
 First Amendment to Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement and Joint Escrow Instructions (Tolleson), dated October 12, 2023, between Environmental Alternative Fuels, LLC and Clean Energy. 

10.147 
 
 First Amendment to Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement and Joint Escrow Instructions (Oak Creek), dated October 12, 2023, between Environmental Alternative Fuels, LLC and Clean Energy. 

14.1 
 
 Code of Conduct for Officers and Directors (5) 

16.1 
 
 Letter from Lurie, LLP to the Securities and Exchange Commission dated February 7, 2017 (6) 

16.2 
 
 Letter from Lurie, LLP to the Securities and Exchange Commission dated April 17, 2017 (7) 

16.3 
 
 Letter from EKS H LLLP to the Securities and Exchange Commission dated October 2, 2018 (19) 

16.4 
 
 Letter from Plante Moran, PLLC to the Securities and Exchange Commission dated January 11, 2019 (23) 

16.5 
 
 Letter from Marcum LLP to the Securities and Exchange Commission dated September 8, 2021 (43) 

17.1 
 
 Resignation Letter dated October 5, 2022 from Scott M. Honour (51) 

17.2 
 
 Letter dated October 17, 2022 from Scott M. Honour (52) 

60 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect to the registrant s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Company s Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect to the registrant s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Company s Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 

99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter (25) 

99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter (25) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith 
 + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 (1) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s registration statement on Form 10, as filed with the SEC on December 10, 2010 and incorporated herein by this reference. 

(2) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 29, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(3) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 18, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(4) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 6, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(5) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 28, 2011 and incorporated herein by this reference. 

(6) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 8, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(7) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s amended current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 18, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(8) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 18, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(9) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 7, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(10) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 1, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(11) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 13, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(12) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 20, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(13) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 7, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(14) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 17, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(15) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 18, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(16) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 6, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(17) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 24, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(18) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 17, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(19) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 2, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(20) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 15, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(21) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 20, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(22) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 10, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(23) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 11, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(24) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 7, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(25) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on May 30, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(26) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 4, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(27) Filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 17, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(28) Filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 25, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(29) Filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 20, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(30) Filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 24, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(31) Filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 30, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(32) Filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 22, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(33) Filed as an Exhibit to the Company s amendment to its current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 27, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(34) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s amendment to its current report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on February 3, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(35) Filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 4, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(36) Filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(37) Filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 7, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(38) Filed as an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 30, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(39) Filed and an Exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 26, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(40) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(41) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

61 

(42) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on August 10, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(43) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 8, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(44) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on January 31, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(45) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(46) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 6, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(47) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 15, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(48) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 21, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(49) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 17, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(50) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 14, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(51) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 12, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(52) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on October 19, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(53) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 21, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(54) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 20, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(55) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 5, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(56) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 21, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(57) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 17, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(58) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 26, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(59) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 

(60) Filed as an exhibit to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 8, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 

62 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

EVO TRANSPORTATION ENERGY SERVICES, INC. 

Date: November 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael Bayles 

Michael Bayles 

Chief Executive Officer 

Principal Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Michael Bayles 
 
 Chief Executive Officer Director 
 
 November 16, 2023 

Michael Bayles 

/s/ James Faught 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 November 16, 2023 

James Faught 

/s/ Raj Kapur 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 
 November 16, 2023 

Raj Kapur 

/s/ Alexandre Zyngier 
 
 Director 
 
 November 16, 2023 

Alexandre Zyngier 

/s/ Chetan Bansal 
 
 Director 
 
 November 16, 2023 

Chetan Bansal 

/s/ Raph Posner 
 
 Director 
 
 November 16, 2023 

Raph Posner 

/s/ Mark M. Anderson 
 
 Director 
 
 November 16, 2023 

Mark M. Anderson 

/s/ Scott Smith 
 
 Director 
 
 November 16, 2023 

Scott Smith 

/s/ Tony Coelho 
 
 Director 
 
 November 16, 2023 

Tony Coelho 

63 

<EX-10.144>
 2
 evoa-ex10_144.htm
 EX-10.144

EX-10.144 

Exhibit 10.144 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This third amendment Third Amendment dated as of June 23, 2023 is made to that certain Executive Employment Agreement dated June 1, 2018 (as amended through the date hereof, the Agreement between EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. Company and Billy Trey Peck, Jr. Executive ). Capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth therefor in the Agreement. 
 In consideration of the mutual premises set forth above, the terms contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged and agreed, the parties agree as follows: 
 Section 1. Compensation . Section 3(a) of the Agreement is deleted and replaced in its entirety with: 
 3. Compensation . (a) Initial Base Salary . During the Employment Term, effective June 1, 2023, the Company will pay Employee an annual base salary as compensation for his services (the Base Salary at the initial rate of 250,000. The Base Salary will be paid periodically in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices, but no later than monthly. The Base Salary will be subject to review and adjustments will be made based upon the Company s standard practices. 
 Section 2. Vacation . Section 5 of the Agreement is deleted and replaced in its entirety with: 
 5. Vacation . During the Employment Term, effective June 1, 2023, Employee will be eligible to accrue paid vacation of up to twenty-two (22) days per 12-month period beginning June 1 of each year Calculation Period ), prorated for any partial Calculation Period for which Employee is employed, in accordance with the Company s standard vacation policy (including, without limitation, its policy on the maximum accrual, carry-over and payout), with the timing and duration of specific vacations mutually and reasonably agreed to by Employee and the Company. 
 Section 3. Miscellaneous . Except as modified by this Third Amendment, the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have affixed their signatures as of the date above first written. 
 EVO TRANSPORTATION ENERGY SERVICES, INC. 
 
 By: /s/ Michael Bayles ____________________________ Name: Michael Bayles Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 EXECUTIVE 
 
 /s/ Billy Peck, Jr. __________________________ Billy Trey Peck, Jr. 

</EX-10.144>

<EX-10.145>
 3
 evoa-ex10_145.htm
 EX-10.145

EX-10.145 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F237CDF4-8BFA-4EFC-9B59-D68963FF1CE6 
 													 Exhibit 10.145 

COMMERCIAL CONTRACT - UNIMPROVED PROPERTY 
 USE OF THIS FORM BY PERSONS WHO ARE NOT MEMBERS OF THE TEXAS ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS , INC. IS NOT AUTHORIZED. 
 Texas Association of REALTORS , Inc. 2022 

1. PARTIES: Seller agrees to sell and convey to Buyer the Property described in Paragraph 2. Buyer agrees to buy the Property from Seller for the sales price stated in Paragraph 3. The parties to this contract are: 

Seller: Environmental Alternative Fuels, LLC 

Address: 8285 West Lake Pleasant Pkwy, Peoria, AZ 85382 
 
 Phone:	E-mail: damoncuzick@gmail.com	 
 Mobile: (602)790-8971	 Fax or Other: 	 
 
 Buyer: Brazos De Santos Partners, Ltd. 

Address: 430 South Santa Rosa, San Antonio, TX 78207 
 
 Phone: (210)225-4461	 E-mail: jimguy@billmillerbbq.com	 
 
 Mobile:	Fax or Other: 	 
 
 2. PROPERTY: 

A. Property means that real property situated in 	 Bexar	 County, Texas at 

9695 W. Weichold Rd., San Antonio, TX 78109 
 
 (address) and that is legally described on the attached Exhibit 	 A 	 or as follows: 
 Save and except the real property described in Exhibit B . Buyer acknowledges that the real property described in Exhibit B represents a portion of Exhibit A that is being condemned by the State of Texas and which shall be retained by Seller. 
 
 B. Seller will sell and convey the Property together with: 

(1) all rights, privileges, and appurtenances pertaining to the Property, including Seller's right, title, and interest in any minerals, utilities, adjacent streets, alleys, strips, gores, and rights-of-way; 

(2) Seller's interest in all leases, rents, and security deposits for all or part of the Property; and 

(3) Seller's interest in all licenses and permits related to the Property. 

(Describe any exceptions, reservations, or restrictions in Paragraph 12 or an addendum.) (If mineral rights are to be reserved an appropriate addendum should be attached.) 
 3. SALES PRICE: 

A. At or before closing, Buyer will pay the following sales price for the Property: 

(1) Cash portion payable by Buyer at closing 	 	 1,180,476.00 

(2) Sum of all financing described in Paragraph 4 	 	 

(3) Sales price (sum of 3A(1) and 3A(2)) 	 	 1,180,476.00 

(TXR-1802) 07-08-22	Initialed for Identification by Seller	, 	 and Buyer 	 , 	 	 Page 1 of 15 
 DH Realty Partners, Inc. 801 N. Saint Marys St. San Antonio, TX 78205 Phone: (210) 222-2424 Fax: 9695 W. Weicho 
 
 Charles L. Jeffers Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F237CDF4-8BFA-4EFC-9B59-D68963FF1CE6 
 Commercial Contract - Unimproved Property concerning 9695 W. Weichold Rd., San Antonio, TX 78109	 
 B. Adjustment to Sales Price : (Check (1) or (2) only.) 

(1) The sales price will not be adjusted based on a survey. 

(2) X The sales price will be adjusted based on the latest survey obtained under Paragraph 6B. 

(a) The sales price is calculated on the basis of 10.00	 per: 

(i) X square foot of	total area	net area. 

(ii) acre of total area net area. 

(b) Total area means all land area within the perimeter boundaries of the Property. Net area means total area less any area of the Property within: 

(i) X public roadways; 

(ii) X rights-of-way and easements other than those that directly provide utility services to the Property; and 

(iii) 	 

. 
 (c) If the sales price is adjusted by more than 	 of the stated sales price, either party may terminate this contract by providing written notice to the other party within 	 days after the terminating party receives the survey. If neither party terminates this contract or if the variance is less than the stated percentage, the adjustment to the sales price will be made to the cash portion of the sales price payable by Buyer. 

4. FINANCING: Buyer will finance the portion of the sales price under Paragraph 3A(2) as follows: 

A. Third Party Financing : One or more third party loans in the total amount of 	 . This contract: 

(1) is not contingent upon Buyer obtaining third party financing. 

(2) is contingent upon Buyer obtaining third party financing in accordance with the attached Commercial Contract Financing Addendum (TXR-1931). 

B. Assumption : In accordance with the attached Commercial Contract Financing Addendum (TXR-1931), Buyer will assume the existing promissory note secured by the Property, which balance at closing will be 	 . 

C. Seller Financing : Buyer will deliver a promissory note and deed of trust to Seller under the terms of the attached Commercial Contract Financing Addendum (TXR-1931) in the amount of 	 . 

5. EARNEST MONEY: 

A. Not later than 3 days after the effective date, Buyer must deposit 13,000.00		 as earnest money with Chicago Title Company	 (title company) 

at 270 N. Loop 1604 E. #100, San Antonio, TX 78232	 (address) Doug Becker	 (closer). 
 If Buyer fails to timely deposit the earnest money, Seller may terminate this contract or exercise any of Seller's other remedies under Paragraph 15 by providing written notice to Buyer before Buyer deposits the earnest money. 
 B. Buyer will deposit an additional amount of 	 with the title company to be made part of the earnest money on or before: 

(i) 	 days after Buyer's right to terminate under Paragraph 7B expires; or 

(ii) 	 . Buyer will be in default if Buyer fails to deposit the additional amount required by this Paragraph 5B within 3 days after Seller notifies Buyer that Buyer has not timely deposited the additional amount. 

(TXR-1802) 07-08-22	Initialed for Identification by Seller	, 	 and Buyer 	 , 	 	 Page 2 of 15 
 DH Realty Partners, Inc. 801 N. Saint Marys St. San Antonio, TX 78205 Phone: (210) 222-2424 Fax: 9695 W. Weic 
 
 Charles L. Jeffers Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F237CDF4-8BFA-4EFC-9B59-D68963FF1CE6 
 Commercial Contract - Unimproved Property concerning 9695 W. Weichold Rd., San Antonio, TX 78109	 
 C. Buyer may instruct the title company to deposit the earnest money in an interest-bearing account at a federally insured financial institution and to credit any interest to Buyer. 

6. TITLE POLICY AND SURVEY: 

A. Title Policy : 

(1) Seller, at Seller's expense, will furnish Buyer an Owner's Policy of Title Insurance (the title policy) issued by any underwriter of the title company in the amount of the sales price, dated at or after closing, insuring Buyer against loss under the title policy, subject only to: 

(a) those title exceptions permitted by this contract or as may be approved by Buyer in writing; and 

(b) the standard printed exceptions contained in the promulgated form of title policy unless this contract provides otherwise. 

(2) The standard printed exception as to discrepancies, conflicts, or shortages in area and boundary lines, or any encroachments or protrusions, or any overlapping improvements: 

(a) X will not be amended or deleted from the title policy. 

(b) will be amended to read shortages in areas at the expense of Buyer Seller. 

(3) Within 14 days after the effective date, Seller will furnish Buyer a commitment for title insurance (the commitment) including legible copies of recorded documents evidencing title exceptions. Seller authorizes the title company to deliver the commitment and related documents to Buyer at Buyer's address. 

B. Survey : Within 45	 days after the effective date: 

(1) Buyer will obtain a survey of the Property at Buyer's expense and deliver a copy of the survey to Seller. The survey must be made in accordance with the: (i) ALTA/NSPS Land Title Survey standards, or (ii) Texas Society of Professional Surveyors' standards for a Category 1A survey under the appropriate condition. Seller will reimburse Buyer 	 (insert amount) of the cost of the survey at closing, if closing occurs. 

(2) X Seller, at Seller's expense, will furnish Buyer a survey of the Property dated after the effective date. The survey must be made in accordance with the: (i) ALTA/NSPS Land Title Survey standards, or 

(ii) Texas Society of Professional Surveyors' standards for a Category 1A survey under the appropriate condition. 
 (3) Seller will deliver to Buyer and the title company a true and correct copy of Seller's most recent survey of the Property along with an affidavit required by the title company for approval of the existing survey. If the existing survey is not acceptable to the title company, Seller Buyer (updating party), will, at the updating party's expense, obtain a new or updated survey acceptable to the title company and deliver the acceptable survey to the other party and the title company within 30 days after the title company notifies the parties that the existing survey is not acceptable to the title company. The closing date will be extended daily up to 30 days if necessary for the updating party to deliver an acceptable survey within the time required. The other party will reimburse the updating party 	 (insert amount or percentage) of the cost of the new or updated survey at closing, if closing occurs. 

C. Buyer's Objections to the Commitment and Survey : 

(1) Within 15	 days after Buyer receives the last of the commitment, copies of the documents 

evidencing the title exceptions, and any required survey, Buyer may object in writing to matters disclosed in the items if: (a) the matters disclosed are a restriction upon the Property or constitute a defect or encumbrance to title other than those permitted by this contract or liens that Seller will 

(TXR-1802) 07-08-22	Initialed for Identification by Seller	, 	 and Buyer 	 , 	 	 Page 3 of 15 
 DH Realty Partners, Inc. 801 N. Saint Marys St. San Antonio, TX 78205 Phone: (210) 222-2424 Fax: 9695 W. Weicho 
 
 Charles L. Jeffers Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F237CDF4-8BFA-4EFC-9B59-D68963FF1CE6 
 Commercial Contract - Unimproved Property concerning 9695 W. Weichold Rd., San Antonio, TX 78109	 
 satisfy at closing or Buyer will assume at closing; or (b) the items show that any part of the Property lies in a special flood hazard area (an A or V zone as defined by FEMA). If the commitment or survey is revised or any new document evidencing a title exception is delivered, Buyer may object in writing to any new matter revealed in such revision or new document. Buyer's objection must be made within the same number of days stated in this paragraph, beginning when the revision or new document is delivered to Buyer. If Paragraph 6B(1) applies, Buyer is deemed to receive the survey on the earlier of: (i) the date Buyer actually receives the survey; or (ii) of the deadline specified in Paragraph 6B. 
 (2) Seller may, but is not obligated to, cure Buyer's timely objections within 15 days after Seller receives the objections. The closing date will be extended as necessary to provide such time to cure the objections. If Seller fails to cure the objections by the time required, Buyer may terminate this contract by providing written notice to Seller within 5 days after the time by which Seller must cure the objections. If Buyer terminates, the earnest money, less any independent consideration under Paragraph 7B(1), will be refunded to Buyer. 

(3) Buyer's failure to timely object or terminate under this Paragraph 6C is a waiver of Buyer's right to object except that Buyer will not waive the requirements in Schedule C of the commitment. 

7. PROPERTY CONDITION: 

A. Present Condition : Buyer accepts the Property in its present condition except that Seller, at Seller's expense, will complete the following before closing: as-is	 

. 
 B. Feasibility Period : Buyer may terminate this contract for any reason within 	 90	 days after the effective date (feasibility period) by providing Seller written notice of termination. 

(1) Independent Consideration . (Check only one box and insert amounts.) 

(a) X If Buyer terminates under this Paragraph 7B, the earnest money will be refunded to Buyer less 

1,000.00	 that Seller will retain as independent consideration for Buyer's 
 unrestricted right to terminate. Buyer has tendered the independent consideration to Seller upon payment of the amount specified in Paragraph 5A to the title company. The independent consideration is to be credited to the sales price only upon closing of the sale. If no dollar amount is stated in this Paragraph 7B(1) or if Buyer fails to deposit the earnest money, Buyer will not have the right to terminate under this Paragraph 7B . 
 (b) Not later than 3 days after the effective date, Buyer must pay 	 as independent consideration for Buyer's right to terminate by tendering such amount to the title company. Buyer authorizes escrow agent to release and deliver the independent consideration to Seller at any time upon Seller's request without further notice to or consent from Buyer. If Buyer terminates under this Paragraph 7B, the earnest money will be refunded to Buyer and Seller will retain the independent consideration. The independent consideration will be credited to the sales price only upon closing of the sale. If no dollar amount is stated in this Paragraph 7B(2) or if Buyer fails to pay the independent consideration, Buyer will not have the right to terminate under this Paragraph 7B . 

(2) Feasibility Period Extension : Prior to the expiration of the initial feasibility period, Buyer may extend the feasibility period for a single additional period of days by delivering 	 to the title company as additional earnest money. 

(a) 	 of the additional earnest money will be retained by Seller as additional independent consideration for Buyer's unrestricted right to terminate, but will be credited to the 

(TXR-1802) 07-08-22	Initialed for Identification by Seller	, 	 and Buyer 	 , 	 	 Page 4 of 15 
 DH Realty Partners, Inc. 801 N. Saint Marys St. San Antonio, TX 78205 Phone: (210) 222-2424 Fax: 9695 W. Weicho 
 
 Charles L. Jeffers Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F237CDF4-8BFA-4EFC-9B59-D68963FF1CE6 
 Commercial Contract - Unimproved Property concerning 9695 W. Weichold Rd., San Antonio, TX 78109	 
 
 sales price only upon closing of the sale. If Buyer terminates under this Paragraph 7B, the additional earnest money will be refunded to Buyer and Seller will retain the additional independent consideration. 
 
 (b) Buyer authorizes escrow agent to release and deliver to Seller the following at any time upon Seller's request without further notice to or consent from Buyer: 
 (i) The additional independent consideration. 
 (ii) (Check no boxes or only one box.) 
 all or of the remaining portion of the additional earnest money, which will be refunded to Buyer if Buyer terminates under this Paragraph 7B or if Seller defaults under this contract. 
 
 If no dollar amount is stated in this Paragraph 7B(2) as additional earnest money or as additional independent consideration, or if Buyer fails to timely deliver the additional earnest money, the extension of the feasibility period will not be effective. 
 
 C. Inspections, Studies, or Assessments : 
 
 (1) During the feasibility period,Buyer, at Buyer'sexpense, may completeor cause to be completed any and all inspections, studies, or assessments of the Property (including all improvements and fixtures) desired by Buyer. 
 
 (2) Buyer must: 
 (a) employ only trained and qualified inspectorsand assessors; 
 (b) notify Seller,in advance, of when the inspectors or assessors will be on the Property; 
 (c) abide by any reasonableentry rules or requirements of Seller; 
 (d) not interfere with existingoperations or occupantsof the Property; and 
 (e) restore the Property to its original condition if altered due to inspections, studies, or assessments that Buyer completes or causes to be completed. 
 
 (3) Except for those matters that arise from the negligence of Seller or Seller's agents, Buyer is responsible for any claim, liability, encumbrance, cause of action, and expense resultingfrom Buyer's inspections, studies, or assessments, including any property damage or personal injury. Buyer will indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Seller and Seller's agents against any claim involving a matter for which Buyer is responsible under this paragraph. This paragraph survives termination of this contract. 
 
 D. Property Information : 
 
 (1) Delivery of Property Information : Within 10 days after the effective date, Seller will deliver to Buyer the following to the extent in Seller's possession or control: (Check all that apply.) 
 (a) X copies of all currentleases, including any mineral leases,pertaining to the Property, including any modifications, supplements, or amendments to the leases; 
 (b) X copies of all notes and deeds of trust against the Property that Buyer will assume or that Seller will not pay in full on or before closing; 
 (c) X copies of all previous environmental assessments, geotechnical reports,studies, or analyses made on or relating to the Property; 
 (d) copies property tax statementsfor the Property for the previous 2 calendar years; 
 (e) X plats of the Property; 
 (f) X copies of current utilitycapacity letters from the Property's water and sewerservice provider; and 
 (g) . 

(TXR-1802) 07-08-22	Initialed for Identification by Seller 	 , 	 and Buyer 	 , 	 	 Page 5 of 15 
 DH Realty Partners, Inc. 801 N. Saint Marys St. San Antonio, TX 78205 Phone: (210) 222-2424 Fax: 9695 W. Weicho 
 
 Charles L. Jeffers Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F237CDF4-8BFA-4EFC-9B59-D68963FF1CE6 
 Commercial Contract - Unimproved Property concerning 9695 W. Weichold Rd., San Antonio, TX 78109	 
 
 (3) Return of Property Information : If this contract terminates for any reason, Buyer will, not later than 10 days after the termination date: (Check all that apply.) 

(a) X return to Seller all those items described in Paragraph 7D(1) that Seller delivered to Buyer in other than an electronic format and all copies that Buyer made of those items; 

(b) X delete or destroy all electronic versions of those items described in Paragraph 7D(1) that Seller delivered to Buyer or Buyer copied in any format; and 

(c) X deliver to Seller copies of all inspection and assessment reports related to the Property that Buyer completed or caused to be completed. 

This Paragraph 7D(2) survives termination of this contract. 
 
 C. Contracts Affecting Operations : Until closing, Seller: (1) will operate the Property in the same manner as on the effective date under reasonably prudent business standards; and (2) will not transfer or dispose of any part of the Property, any interest or right in the Property, or any of the personal property or other items described in Paragraph 2B or sold under this contract. After the feasibility period ends, Seller may not enter into, amend, or terminate any other contract that affects the operations of the Property without Buyer's written approval. 

8. LEASES: 

A. Each written lease Seller is to assign to Buyer under this contract must be in full force and effect according to its terms. Seller may not enter into any new lease, fail to comply with any existing lease, or make any amendment or modification to any existing lease without Buyer's written consent. Seller must disclose, in writing, if any of the following exist at the time Seller provides the leases to the Buyer or subsequently occur before closing: 

(1) any failure by Seller to comply with Seller's obligations under the leases; 

(2) any circumstances under any lease that entitle the tenant to terminate the lease or seek any offsets or damages; 

(3) any advance sums paid by a tenant under any lease; 

(4) any concessions, bonuses, free rents, rebates, brokerage commissions, or other matters that affect any lease; and 

(5) any amounts payable under the leases that have been assigned or encumbered, except as security for loan(s) assumed or taken subject to under this contract. 

B. Estoppel Certificates : Within 	 days after the effective date, Seller will deliver to Buyer estoppel certificates signed not earlier than 		 by each tenant that leases space in the Property. The estoppel certificates must include the certifications contained in the current version of TXR Form 1938 - Commercial Tenant Estoppel Certificate and any additional information requested by a third party lender providing financing under Paragraph 4 if the third party lender requests such additional information at least 10 days prior to the earliest date that Seller may deliver the signed estoppel certificates. 

(TXR-1802) 07-08-22	Initialed for Identification by Seller 	 , 	 and Buyer 	 , 	 	 Page 6 of 15 
 DH Realty Partners, Inc. 801 N. Saint Marys St. San Antonio, TX 78205 Phone: (210) 222-2424 Fax: 9695 W. Weicho 
 
 Charles L. Jeffers Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F237CDF4-8BFA-4EFC-9B59-D68963FF1CE6 
 Commercial Contract - Unimproved Property concerning 9695 W. Weichold Rd., San Antonio, TX 78109	 
 9. BROKERS: 

A. The brokers to this sale are: 

Principal Broker: DH Realty Partners, Inc.	 	 Cooperating Broker: Roalson Interests, Inc.	 
 
 	 Agent: Morgan Diaz, CCIM; Matthew Baylor	 Agent: Matthew W. Howard	 
 Address: 801 N. St. Mary's	 Address: 18618 Tuscany Stone, Ste. 200	 
 San Antonio, TX 78205 	 San Antonio, TX 78258	 
 Phone Fax: (210)222-2424	(210)271-0183 Phone Fax: (210)496-5800		 
 E-mail: morgan@dhrp.us; mbaylor@dhrp.us	 E-mail: mhoward@roalson.com		 
 License No.: 147342	 License No.: 603462	 
 
 Principal Broker: (Check only one box)	 Cooperating Broker represents Buyer. 
 X represents Seller only. 
 represents Buyer only. 
 is an intermediary between Seller and Buyer. 
 
 B. Fees : (Check only (1) or (2) below.) 

(Complete the Agreement Between Brokers on page 14 only if (1) is selected.) 
 
 (1) Seller will pay Principal Broker the fee specified by separate written commission agreement between Principal Broker and Seller. Principal Broker will pay Cooperating Broker the fee specified in the Agreement Between Brokers found below the parties' signatures to this contract. 

(2) X At the closing of this sale, Seller will pay: 

Principal Broker a total cash fee of: Cooperating Broker a total cash fee of: 
 X 	 3.000	 of the sales price. X 	 3.000	 of the sales price. 
 	 . 	 . 
 
 The cash fees will be paid in 	 Bexar	 County, Texas. Seller authorizes the title company to pay the brokers from the Seller's proceeds at closing. 
 NOTICE: Chapter 62, Texas Property Code, authorizes a broker to secure an earned commission with a lien against the Property. 
 
 C. The parties may not amend this Paragraph 9 without the written consent of the brokers affected by the amendment. 

10. CLOSING: 

A. The date of the closing of the sale (closing date) will be on or before the later of: 

(1) 30 days after the expiration of the feasibility period. 
 	 (specific date) . 
 X Seller at Seller's option may extend closing up to 120-days with 5-days advance notice to Buyer . 
 (2) 7 days after objections made under Paragraph 6C have been cured or waived. 
 
 B. If either party fails to close by the closing date, the non-defaulting party may exercise the remedies in Paragraph 15. 

(TXR-1802) 07-08-22	Initialed for Identification by Seller	, 	 and Buyer 	 , 	 	 Page 7 of 15 
 DH Realty Partners, Inc. 801 N. Saint Marys St. San Antonio, TX 78205 Phone: (210) 222-2424 Fax: 9695 W. Weicho 
 
 Charles L. Jeffers Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F237CDF4-8BFA-4EFC-9B59-D68963FF1CE6 
 Commercial Contract - Unimproved Property concerning 9695 W. Weichold Rd., San Antonio, TX 78109	 
 C. At closing, Seller will execute and deliver, at Seller's expense, a general X special warranty deed. The deed must include a vendor's lien if any part of the sales price is financed. The deed must convey good and indefeasible title to the Property and show no exceptions other than those permitted under Paragraph 6 or other provisions of this contract. Seller must convey the Property: 

(1) with no liens, assessments, or other security interests against the Property which will not be satisfied out of the sales price, unless securing loans Buyer assumes; 

(2) without any assumed loans in default; and 

(3) with no persons in possession of any part of the Property as lessees, tenants at sufferance, or trespassers except tenants under the written leases assigned to Buyer under this contract. 

D. At closing, Seller, at Seller's expense, will also deliver to Buyer: 

(1) tax statements showing no delinquent taxes on the Property; 

(2) an assignment of all leases to or on the Property; 

(3) to the extent assignable, an assignment to Buyer of any licenses and permits related to the Property; 

(4) evidence that the person executing this contract is legally capable and authorized to bind Seller; 

(5) an affidavit acceptable to the title company stating that Seller is not a foreign person or, if Seller is a foreign person, a written authorization for the title company to: (i) withhold from Seller's proceeds an amount sufficient to comply with applicable tax law; and (ii) deliver the amount to the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) together with appropriate tax forms; and 

(6) any notices, statements, certificates, affidavits, releases, and other documents required by this contract, the commitment, or law necessary for the closing of the sale and issuance of the title policy, all of which must be completed by Seller as necessary. 

E. At closing, Buyer will: 

(1) pay the sales price in good funds acceptable to the title company; 

(2) deliver evidence that the person executing this contract is legally capable and authorized to bind Buyer; 

(3) sign and send to each tenant in a lease for any part of the Property a written statement that: 

(a) acknowledges Buyer has received and is responsible for the tenant's security deposit; and 

(b) specifies the exact dollar amount of the security deposit; 

(4) sign an assumption of all leases then in effect; and 

(5) execute and deliver any notices, statements, certificates, or other documents required by this contract or law necessary to close the sale. 

F. Unless the parties agree otherwise, the closing documents will be as found in the basic forms in the current edition of the State Bar of Texas Real Estate Forms Manual without any additional clauses. 

11. POSSESSION: Seller will deliver possession of the Property to Buyer upon closing and funding of this sale in its present condition with any repairs Seller is obligated to complete under this contract, ordinary wear and tear excepted. Any possession by Buyer before closing or by Seller after closing that is not authorized by a separate written lease agreement is a landlord-tenant at sufferance relationship between the parties. 

12. SPECIAL PROVISIONS: The following special provisions apply and will control in the event of a conflict with other provisions of this contract. (If special provisions are contained in an Addendum, identify the Addendum here and reference the Addendum in Paragraph 22D .) 

Buyer acknowledges the State of Texas seeks to condemn a portion of the real property described as Exhibit B (the 
 Condemnation and that the property described in Exhibit B shall be retained by Seller. Buyer acknowledges that it has no interest in the Condemnation proceeds, whether by sale in lieu of condemnation, condemnation award, settlement, or judgment. Buyer assigns its interest in the Condemnation proceeds, if any, to Seller. Buyer acknowledges and agrees that Seller has the right, in its sole discretion, to remove any equipment, other personal property or vertical improvements 
 from the Property. 

(TXR-1802) 07-08-22	Initialed for Identification by Seller	, 	 and Buyer 	 , 	 	 Page 8 of 15 
 DH Realty Partners, Inc. 801 N. Saint Marys St. San Antonio, TX 78205 Phone: (210) 222-2424 Fax: 9695 W. Weicho 
 
 Charles L. Jeffers Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F237CDF4-8BFA-4EFC-9B59-D68963FF1CE6 
 
 Commercial Contract - Unimproved Property concerning 9695 W. Weichold Rd., San Antonio, TX 78109	 
 
 13. SALES EXPENSES: 

A. Seller's Expenses : Seller will pay for the following at or before closing: 

(1) releases of existing liens, other than those liens assumed by Buyer, including prepayment penalties and recording fees; 

(2) release of Seller's loan liability, if applicable; 

(3) tax statements or certificates; 

(4) preparation of the deed; 

(5) one-half of any escrow fee; 

(6) costs to record any documents to cure title objections that Seller must cure; and 

(7) other expenses that Seller will pay under other provisions of this contract. 

B. Buyer's Expenses : Buyer will pay for the following at or before closing: 

(1) all loan expenses and fees; 

(2) preparation of any deed of trust; 

(3) recording fees for the deed and any deed of trust; 

(4) premiums for flood insurance as may be required by Buyer's lender; 

(5) one-half of any escrow fee; 

(6) other expenses that Buyer will pay under other provisions of this contract. 

14. PRORATIONS: 

A. Prorations : 

(1) Interest on any assumed loan, taxes, rents, and any expense reimbursements from tenants will be prorated through the closing date. 

(2) If the amount of ad valorem taxes for the year in which the sale closes is not available on the closing date, taxes will be prorated on the basis of taxes assessed in the previous year. If the taxes for the year in which the sale closes vary from the amount prorated at closing, the parties will adjust the prorations when the tax statements for the year in which the sale closes become available. This Paragraph 14A(2) survives closing. 

(3) If Buyer assumes a loan or is taking the Property subject to an existing lien, Seller will transfer all reserve deposits held by the lender for the payment of taxes, insurance premiums, and other charges to Buyer at closing and Buyer will reimburse such amounts to Seller by an appropriate adjustment at closing. 

B. Rollback Taxes : If Seller's use or change in use of the Property before closing results in the assessment of additional taxes, penalties, or interest (assessments) for periods before closing, the assessments will be the obligation of the Seller. If this sale or Buyer's use of the Property after closing results in additional assessments for periods before closing, the assessments will be the obligation of Buyer. This Paragraph 14B survives closing. 

C. Rent and Security Deposits : At closing, Seller will tender to Buyer all security deposits and the following advance payments received by Seller for periods after closing: prepaid expenses, advance rental payments, and other advance payments paid by tenants. Rents prorated to one party but received by the other party will be remitted by the recipient to the party to whom it was prorated within 5 days after the rent is received. This Paragraph 14C survives closing. 

15. DEFAULT: 

A. If Buyer fails to comply with this contract, Buyer is in default and Seller, as Seller's sole remedy(ies), may terminate this contract and receive the earnest money, as liquidated damages for Buyer's failure 

(TXR-1802) 07-08-22	Initialed for Identification by Seller	, 	 and Buyer 	 , 	 	 Page 9 of 15 
 DH Realty Partners, Inc. 801 N. Saint Marys St. San Antonio, TX 78205 Phone: (210) 222-2424 Fax: 9695 W. Weicho 
 
 Charles L. Jeffers Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F237CDF4-8BFA-4EFC-9B59-D68963FF1CE6 
 Commercial Contract - Unimproved Property concerning 9695 W. Weichold Rd., San Antonio, TX 78109	 
 except for any damages resulting from Buyer's inspections, studies or assessments in accordance with Paragraph 7C(3) which Seller may pursue; or 
 (Check if applicable) 
 enforce specific performance, or seek such other relief as may be provided by law. 
 B. If, without fault, Seller is unable within the time allowed to deliver the estoppel certificates, survey or the commitment, Buyer may: 

(1) terminate this contract and receive the earnest money, less any independent consideration under Paragraph 7B(1), as liquidated damages and as Buyer's sole remedy; or 

(2) extend the time for performance up to 15 days and the closing will be extended as necessary. 

C. Except as provided in Paragraph 15B, if Seller fails to comply with this contract, Seller is in default and Buyer may: 

(1) terminate this contract and receive the earnest money, less any independent consideration under Paragraph 7B(1), as liquidated damages and as Buyer's sole remedy; or 

(2) enforce specific performance, or seek such other relief as may be provided by law, or both. 

16. CONDEMNATION: If before closing, condemnation proceedings are commenced against any part of the Property, Buyer may: 

A. terminate this contract by providing written notice to Seller within 15 days after Buyer is advised of the condemnation proceedings and the earnest money, less any independent consideration paid under Paragraph 7B(1), will be refunded to Buyer; or 

B. appear and defend in the condemnation proceedings and any award will, at Buyer's election, belong to: 

(1) Seller and the sales price will be reduced by the same amount; or 

(2) Buyer and the sales price will not be reduced. 

17. ATTORNEY'S FEES: If Buyer, Seller, any broker, or the title company is a prevailing party in any legal proceeding brought under or with relation to this contract or this transaction, such party is entitled to recover from the non-prevailing parties all costs of such proceeding and reasonable attorney's fees. This Paragraph 17 survives termination of this contract. 

18. ESCROW: 

A. At closing, the earnest money will be applied first to any cash down payment, then to Buyer's closing costs, and any excess will be refunded to Buyer. If no closing occurs, the title company may require payment of unpaid expenses incurred on behalf of the parties and a written release of liability of the title company from all parties. 

B. If one party makes written demand for the earnest money, the title company will give notice of the demand by providing to the other party a copy of the demand. If the title company does not receive written objection to the demand from the other party within 15 days after the date the title company sent the demand to the other party, the title company may disburse the earnest money to the party making demand, reduced by the amount of unpaid expenses incurred on behalf of the party receiving the earnest money and the title company may pay the same to the creditors. 

C. The title company will deduct any independent consideration under Paragraph 7B(1) before disbursing any earnest money to Buyer and will pay the independent consideration to Seller. 

D. If the title company complies with this Paragraph 18, each party hereby releases the title company from all claims related to the disbursal of the earnest money. 

E. Notices under this Paragraph 18 must be sent by certified mail, return receipt requested. Notices to the title company are effective upon receipt by the title company. 

(TXR-1802) 07-08-22	Initialed for Identification by Seller	, 	 and Buyer 	 , 	 	 Page 10 of 15 
 DH Realty Partners, Inc. 801 N. Saint Marys St. San Antonio, TX 78205 Phone: (210) 222-2424 Fax: 9695 W. Weicho 
 
 Charles L. Jeffers Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F237CDF4-8BFA-4EFC-9B59-D68963FF1CE6 
 
 Commercial Contract - Unimproved Property concerning 9695 W. Weichold Rd., San Antonio, TX 78109	 
 F. Any party who wrongfully fails or refuses to sign a release acceptable to the title company within 7 days after receipt of the request will be liable to the other party for: (i) damages; (ii) the earnest money; (iii) reasonable attorney's fees; and (iv) all costs of suit. 

G. Seller Buyer intend(s) to complete this transaction as a part of an exchange of like-kind properties in accordance with Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code, as amended. All expenses in connection with the contemplated exchange will be paid by the exchanging party. The other party will not incur any expense or liability with respect to the exchange. The parties agree to cooperate fully and in good faith to arrange and consummate the exchange so as to comply to the maximum extent feasible with the provisions of Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code. The other provisions of this contract will not be affected in the event the contemplated exchange fails to occur. 

19. MATERIAL FACTS: To the best of Seller's knowledge and belief: (Check only one box.) 

A. Seller is not aware of any material defects to the Property except as stated in the attached Commercial Property Condition Statement (TXR-1408). 

B. X Except as otherwise provided in this contract, Seller is not aware of: 

(1) any subsurface: structures, pits, waste, springs, or improvements; 

(2) any pending or threatened litigation, condemnation, or assessment affecting the Property; 

(3) any environmental hazards or conditions that materially affect the Property; 

(4) 	 whether the Property is or has been used for the storage or disposal of hazardous materials or toxic waste, a dump site or landfill, or any underground tanks or containers; 

(5) 	 whether radon, asbestos containing materials, urea-formaldehyde foam insulation, lead-based paint, toxic mold (to the extent that it adversely affects the health of ordinary occupants), or other pollutants or contaminants of any nature now exist or ever existed on the Property; 

(6) any wetlands, as defined by federal or state law or regulation, on the Property; 

(7) any threatened or endangered species or their habitat on the Property; 

(8) any present or past infestation of wood-destroying insects in the Property's improvements; 

(9) 	 any contemplated material changes to the Property or surrounding area that would materially and detrimentally affect the ordinary use of the Property; 

(10) any condition on the Property that violates any law or ordinance. 

(Describe any exceptions to (1)-(10) in Paragraph 12 or an addendum.) 
 20. NOTICES: All notices between the parties under this contract must be in writing and are effective when hand-delivered, mailed by certified mail return receipt requested, sent by a national or regional overnight delivery service that provides a delivery receipt, or sent by confirmed facsimile transmission to the parties addresses or facsimile numbers stated in Paragraph 1. The parties will send copies of any notices to the broker representing the party to whom the notices are sent. 

A. X Seller also consents to receive any notices by e-mail at Seller's e-mail address stated in Paragraph 1. 

B. X Buyer also consents to receive any notices by e-mail at Buyer's e-mail address stated in Paragraph 1. 

21. DISPUTE RESOLUTION: The parties agree to negotiate in good faith in an effort to resolve any dispute related to this contract that may arise. If the dispute cannot be resolved by negotiation, the parties will submit the dispute to mediation before resorting to arbitration or litigation and will equally share the costs of a mutually acceptable mediator. This paragraph survives termination of this contract. This paragraph does not preclude a party from seeking equitable relief from a court of competent jurisdiction. 

22. AGREEMENT OF THE PARTIES: 

A. This contract is binding on the parties, their heirs, executors, representatives, successors, and permitted assigns. This contract is to be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas. If any term or condition of this contract shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable, the remainder of this 

(TXR-1802) 07-08-22	Initialed for Identification by Seller	, 	 and Buyer 	 , 	 	 Page 11 of 15 
 DH Realty Partners, Inc. 801 N. Saint Marys St. San Antonio, TX 78205 Phone: (210) 222-2424 Fax: 9695 W. Weicho 
 
 Charles L. Jeffers Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F237CDF4-8BFA-4EFC-9B59-D68963FF1CE6 
 Commercial Contract - Unimproved Property concerning 9695 W. Weichold Rd., San Antonio, TX 78109	 
 contract shall not be affected thereby. All individuals signing represent that they have the authority to sign on behalf of and bind the party for whom they are signing. 
 B. This contract contains the entire agreement of the parties and may not be changed except in writing. 

C. If this contract is executed in a number of identical counterparts, each counterpart is an original and all counterparts, collectively, constitute one agreement. 

D. Addenda which are part of this contract are: (Check all that apply.) 

(1) X Property Description Exhibit identified in Paragraph 2; 

(2) Commercial Contract Financing Addendum (TXR-1931); 

(3) Commercial Property Condition Statement (TXR-1408); 

(4) Commercial Contract Addendum for Special Provisions (TXR-1940); 

(5) Notice to Purchaser of Real Property in a Water District (MUD); 

(6) Addendum for Coastal Area Property (TXR-1915); 

(7) Addendum for Property Located Seaward of the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway (TXR-1916); 

(8) X Information About Brokerage Services (TXR-2501); 

(9) Information About Mineral Clauses in Contract Forms (TXR-2509); 

(10) Notice of Obligation to Pay Improvement District Assessment (TXR-1955, PID); and 

(11) X Hazardous Material/ADA/Floodplain Information Disclosure , Exhibit B	 . 

(Note: Counsel for Texas REALTORS has determined that any of the foregoing addenda which are promulgated by the Texas Real Estate Commission (TREC) or published by Texas REALTORS are appropriate for use with this form.) 
 E. Buyer X may may not assign this contract. If Buyer assigns this contract, Buyer will be relieved of any future liability under this contract only if the assignee assumes, in writing, all obligations and liability of Buyer under this contract. 

X 
 23. TIME: Time is of the essence in this contract. The parties require strict compliance with the times for performance. If the last day to perform under a provision of this contract falls on a Saturday, Sunday, or federal reserve bank holiday, the time for performance is extended until the end of the next day which is not a Saturday, Sunday, or federal reserve bank holiday. 

24. EFFECTIVE DATE: The effective date of this contract for the purpose of performance of all obligations is the date the title company receipts this contract after all parties execute this contract. 

25. ADDITIONAL NOTICES: 

A. Buyer should have an abstract covering the Property examined by an attorney of Buyer's selection, or Buyer should be furnished with or obtain a title policy. 

B. If the Property is situated in a utility or other statutorily created district providing water, sewer, drainage, or flood control facilities and services, Chapter 49, Texas Water Code, requires Seller to deliver and Buyer to sign the statutory notice relating to the tax rate, bonded indebtedness, or standby fees of the district before final execution of this contract. 

C. Notice Required by 13.257, Water Code: The real property, described below, that you are about to purchase may be located in a certificated water or sewer service area, which is authorized by law to provide water or sewer service to the properties in the certificated area. If your property is located in a certificated area there may be special costs or charges that you will be required to pay before you can receive water or sewer service. There may be a period required to construct lines or other facilities necessary to provide water or sewer service to your property. You are advised to determine if the property is in a certificated area and contact the utility service provider to determine the cost that you will be required to pay and the period, if any, that is required to provide water or sewer service to your property. The undersigned purchaser hereby acknowledges receipt of the foregoing notice at or before 

(TXR-1802) 07-08-22	Initialed for Identification by Seller	, 	 and Buyer 	 , 	 	 Page 12 of 15 
 DH Realty Partners, Inc. 801 N. Saint Marys St. San Antonio, TX 78205 Phone: (210) 222-2424 Fax: 9695 W. Weicho 
 
 Charles L. Jeffers Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F237CDF4-8BFA-4EFC-9B59-D68963FF1CE6 
 
 Commercial Contract - Unimproved Property concerning 9695 W. Weichold Rd., San Antonio, TX 78109	 
 the execution of a binding contract for the purchase of the real property described in the notice or at closing of purchase of the real property. The real property is described in Paragraph 2 of this contract. 
 
 D. If the Property adjoins or shares a common boundary with the tidally influenced submerged lands of the state, 33.135 of the Texas Natural Resources Code requires a notice regarding coastal area property to be included as part of this contract (the Addendum for Coastal Area Property (TXR-1915) may be used). 

E. If the Property is located seaward of the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway, 61.025, Texas Natural Resources Code, requires a notice regarding the seaward location of the Property to be included as part of this contract (the Addendum for Property Located Seaward of the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway (TXR-1916) may be used). 

F. If the Property is located outside the limits of a municipality, the Property may now or later be included in the extra-territorial jurisdiction (ETJ) of a municipality and may now or later be subject to annexation by the municipality. Each municipality maintains a map that depicts its boundaries and ETJ. To determine if the Property is located within a municipality's ETJ, Buyer should contact all municipalities located in the general proximity of the Property for further information. 

G. Brokers are not qualified to perform property inspections, surveys, engineering studies, environmental assessments, or inspections to determine compliance with zoning, governmental regulations, or laws. Buyer should seek experts to perform such services. Buyer should review local building codes, ordinances and other applicable laws to determine their effect on the Property. Selection of experts, inspectors, and repairmen is the responsibility of Buyer and not the brokers. Brokers are not qualified to determine the credit worthiness of the parties. 

H. NOTICE OF WATER LEVEL FLUCTUATIONS: If the Property adjoins an impoundment of water, including a reservoir or lake, constructed and maintained under Chapter 11, Water Code, that has a storage capacity of at least 5,000 acre-feet at the impoundment's normal operating level, Seller hereby notifies Buyer: The water level of the impoundment of water adjoining the Property fluctuates for various reasons, including as a result of: (1) an entity lawfully exercising its right to use the water stored in the impoundment; or (2) drought or flood conditions. 

I. PUBLIC IMPROVEMENT DISTRICTS: If the Property is in a public improvement district, Seller is required by 5.014, Property Code to give Buyer a written notice concerning the obligation to pay assessments. The form of the required notice is available as a part of the Notice of Obligation to Pay Improvement District Assessment (TXR-1955). 

J. LICENSE HOLDER DISCLOSURE: Texas law requires a real estate license holder who is a party to a transaction or acting on behalf of a spouse, parent, child, business entity in which the license holder owns more than 10 , or a trust for which the license holder acts as a trustee or of which the license holder or the license holder's spouse, parent or child is a beneficiary, to notify the other party in writing before entering into a contract of sale. Disclose if 

applicable: n/a	 . 
 
 26. CONTRACT AS OFFER: The execution of this contract by the first party constitutes an offer to buy or sell the Property. Unless the other party accepts the offer by 5:00 p.m., in the time zone in which the Property is located, on June 2, 2023 	 , the offer will lapse and become null and void. 

(TXR-1802) 07-08-22	Initialed for Identification by Seller	, 	 and Buyer 	 , 	 	 Page 13 of 15 
 DH Realty Partners, Inc. 801 N. Saint Marys St. San Antonio, TX 78205 Phone: (210) 222-2424 Fax: 9695 W. Weicho 
 
 Charles L. Jeffers Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F237CDF4-8BFA-4EFC-9B59-D68963FF1CE6 
 
 Commercial Contract - Unimproved Property concerning 9695 W. Weichold Rd., San Antonio, TX 78109	 

READ THIS CONTRACT CAREFULLY. The brokers and agents make no representation or recommendation as to the legal sufficiency, legal effect, or tax consequences of this document or transaction. CONSULT your attorney BEFORE signing. 

Seller: Environmental Alternative Fuels, LLC	 Buyer: Brazos De Santos Partners, Ltd.	 
 
 By: 	 By: Brazos De Santos, LLC	 
 By (signature): 	 /s/ Eugene Putnam By (signature): 	 
 Printed Name: Eugene Putnam Printed Name: 	 
 Title: EVP Title: General Partner 
 
 By: 	 By: 	 
 By (signature): 	 By (signature): 	 /s/ Jim Guy Egbert 
 Printed Name: Printed Name: Jim Guy Egbert 	 
 Title: Title: President 

(TXR-1802) 07-08-22	 	 Page 14 of 15 
 DH Realty Partners, Inc. 801 N. Saint Marys St. San Antonio, TX 78205 Phone: (210) 222-2424 Fax: 9695 W. Weicho 
 
 Charles L. Jeffers Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 

DocuSign Envelope ID: F237CDF4-8BFA-4EFC-9B59-D68963FF1CE6 
 Commercial Contract -Unimproved Property concerning 9695 W. Weichold Rd., San Antonio, TX 78109	 
 
 AGREEMENT BETWEEN BROKERS 
 (use only if Paragraph 9B(1) is effective) 
 Principal Broker agrees to pay 	 (Cooperating Broker) a fee when the Principal Broker's fee is received. The fee to be paid to Cooperating Broker will be: 
 	 , or 
 	 of the sales price, or 
 	 of the Principal Broker's fee. 
 The title company is authorized and directed to pay Cooperating Broker from Principal Broker's fee at closing. This Agreement Between Brokers supersedes any prior offers and agreements for compensation between brokers. 
 Principal Broker: Cooperating Broker: 		 	 
 By: 	 By: 	 

ATTORNEYS 
 
 Seller's attorney: Melinda Wang				 	 Buyer's attorney: Richard Kerr				 
 EVO Transportation		 				 Kerr Jaeckle, PC		 
 Address: 1230 McCarter Highway				 	 Address: 750 E. Mulberry Ave., #150			 
 Newark	 NJ		07104	 		 San Antonio	TX 		 78212 
 Phone Fax: (973)792-8405	 	 Phone Fax: (210)738-8750	 
 
 E-mail: melinda.wang@evotransinc.com	 E-mail: rkerr@kjlawpc.com	 
 
 Seller's attorney requests copies of documents, Buyer's attorney requests copies of documents, 
 notices, and other information: notices, and other information: 
 X the title company sends to Seller. X the title company sends to Buyer. 
 X Buyer sends to Seller. X Seller sends to Buyer. 

ESCROW RECEIPT 
 The title company acknowledges receipt of: 
 A. the contract on this day (effective date); 

B. earnest money in the amount of in the form of ________________ 

on 	 . 
 
 Title company: 	___________________________________________ Address: 	____________________________________________ 
 
 By: 	__________________________________________________________ 	 Phone Fax: 	______________________________________ 
 
 Assigned file number (GF#): 	___________________________________ 	 E-mail: 	_________________________________________________ 

(TXR-1802) 07-08-22	 	 Page 15 of 15 
 DH Realty Partners, Inc. 801 N. Saint Marys St. San Antonio, TX 78205 Phone: (210) 222-2424 Fax: 9695 W. Weicho 
 
 Charles L. Jeffers Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 

</EX-10.145>

<EX-10.146>
 4
 evoa-ex10_146.htm
 EX-10.146

EX-10.146 

Exhibit 10.146 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO ASSET PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND JOINT ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS (TOLLESON) 

THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO ASSET PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND JOINT ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS (TOLLESON) Amendment is made and entered into effective as of the 12th day of October, 2023 Effective Date ), by and between ENVIRONMENTAL ALTERNATIVE FUELS, LLC Seller ), a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and CLEAN ENERGY, a California corporation, and/or its assigns as designee Buyer ). Seller and Buyer are referred to herein collectively as the Parties and individually as a Party . 
 
 R E C I T A L S 
 
 A. Seller and Buyer are parties to that certain Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement and Joint Escrow Instructions (Tolleson) dated July 20, 2023 (the Purchase Agreement ), whereby Seller agreed to sell and Buyer agreed to purchase certain real property located in Tolleson, Arizona, as more particularly described in the Purchase Agreement. 

B. The Parties now desire to amend the Purchase Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment. 

A G R E E M E N T 
 
 	NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 
 
 1. Defined Terms; Recitals . Capitalized terms used, but not specifically defined herein, shall have the meanings given them under the Purchase Agreement. The foregoing recitals are incorporated herein and are a part of this Amendment. 

2. Closing . Section 2(B) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the first sentence and replacing it with the following: 

The purchase and sale of the Assets (the Closing shall occur on the Closing Date as such term is used in the Affiliate PSA. 
 
 3. Approval Notice . Buyer s execution and delivery of this Amendment shall be deemed to be Buyer s delivery of the Approval Notice as set forth in Section 3(A) of the Purchase Agreement. 

4. Conditions Precedent to Closing . Section 20(B) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following as subsection x: 

x.	All conditions to closing set forth in Section 20(B) of the Affiliate PSA have been satisfied or waived by Buyer under the Affiliate PSA. 

5. Binding Effect; Full Force . The terms and conditions of this Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Seller and Buyer and their respective successors, transferees and assigns. Except as specifically provided herein, the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. If any provision of the Purchase Agreement is in conflict with any provisions of this Amendment, the terms of the Amendment shall control. 

6. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same document and agreement. A copy, facsimile or email transmission of any part of this Amendment, including the signature page, shall have the same force and effect as an original. 

[Signatures to Follow] 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 4868-0590-8588 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Amendment as of the Effective Date. 

SELLER: ENVIRONMENTAL ALTERNATIVE FUELS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: /s/ Melinda Wang Name: Melinda Wang Its: Secretary 
 BUYER: CLEAN ENERGY, a California corporation By: /s/ Robert M. Vreeland Name: Robert M. Vreeland Its: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-10.146>

<EX-10.147>
 5
 evoa-ex10_147.htm
 EX-10.147

EX-10.147 

Exhibit 10.147 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO ASSET PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND JOINT ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS (OAK CREEK) 

THIS FIRST AMENDMENT TO ASSET PURCHASE AND SALE AGREEMENT AND JOINT ESCROW INSTRUCTIONS (OAK CREEK) Amendment is made and entered into effective as of the 12th day of October, 2023 Effective Date ), by and between ENVIRONMENTAL ALTERNATIVE FUELS, LLC Seller ), a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and CLEAN ENERGY, a California corporation, and/or its assigns as designee Buyer ). Seller and Buyer are referred to herein collectively as the Parties and individually as a Party . 
 
 R E C I T A L S 
 
 A. Seller and Buyer are parties to that certain Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement and Joint Escrow Instructions (Oak Creek) dated July 20, 2023 (the Purchase Agreement ), whereby Seller agreed to sell and Buyer agreed to purchase certain real property located in Oak Creek, Wisconsin, as more particularly described in the Purchase Agreement. 

B. The Parties now desire to amend the Purchase Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment. 

A G R E E M E N T 
 
 	NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows: 
 
 1. Defined Terms; Recitals . Capitalized terms used, but not specifically defined herein, shall have the meanings given them under the Purchase Agreement. The foregoing recitals are incorporated herein and are a part of this Amendment. 

2. Closing . Section 2(B) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the first sentence and replacing it with the following: 

The purchase and sale of the Assets (the Closing shall occur on or before the date which is ten (10) days following Buyer s receipt of a No Action Required or similar finding from the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources WDNR relating to the Property (the Clearance Letter ); provided, however, in no event shall Closing extend beyond December 31, 2023. 
 
 3. Approval Notice . Buyer s execution and delivery of this Amendment shall be deemed to be Buyer s delivery of the Approval Notice as set forth in Section 3(A) of the Purchase Agreement. 

4. Conditions Precedent to Closing . Section 20(B) of the Purchase Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following as subsection x: 

x.	Buyer shall have received the Clearance Letter from WDNR. 
 
 5. Binding Effect; Full Force . The terms and conditions of this Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Seller and Buyer and their respective successors, transferees and assigns. Except as specifically provided herein, the terms and conditions of the Purchase Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. If any provision of the Purchase Agreement is in conflict with any provisions of this Amendment, the terms of the Amendment shall control. 

6. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same document and agreement. A copy, facsimile or email transmission of any part of this Amendment, including the signature page, shall have the same force and effect as an original. 

[Signatures to Follow] 
 DOCPROPERTY CUS_DocIDChunk0 4868-0590-8588 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Amendment as of the Effective Date. 

SELLER: ENVIRONMENTAL ALTERNATIVE FUELS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company By: /s/ Melinda Wang Name: Melinda Wang Its: Secretary 
 BUYER: CLEAN ENERGY, a California corporation By: /s/ Robert M. Vreeland Name: Robert M. Vreeland Its: Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-10.147>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 evoa-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

Subsidiaries 
 
 State of Incorporation/Organization 

Titan CNG LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Environmental Alternative Fuels, LLC (subsidiary of EVO Holding Company, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

EVO CNG, LLC (subsidiary of Environmental Alternative Fuels, LLC) 
 
 Delaware 

Titan El Toro LLC (subsidiary of Titan CNG LLC) 
 
 Delaware 

Titan Diamond Bar LLC (subsidiary of Titan CNG LLC) 
 
 Delaware 

Titan Blaine LLC (subsidiary of Titan CNG LLC) 
 
 Minnesota 

Thunder Ridge Transport, Inc. 
 
 Missouri 

Sheehy Mail Contractors, Inc. 
 
 Wisconsin 

Ursa Major Corporation 
 
 Wisconsin 

EVO Equipment Leasing, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

J.B. Lease Corporation (subsidiary of EVO Equipment Leasing, LLC) 
 
 Wisconsin 

W.E. Graham, Inc. 
 
 Tennessee 

Courtlandt and Brown Enterprises L.L.C. 
 
 New Jersey 

Finkle Transport Inc. 
 
 New Jersey 

EVO Logistics, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

EVO Holding Company, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

EVO Services Group, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

Ritter Transportation Systems, Inc. (subsidiary of EVO Holding Company, LLC) 
 
 Maryland 

John W. Ritter Trucking, Inc. (subsidiary of EVO Holding Company, LLC) 
 
 Maryland 

Ritter Transport, Inc. (subsidiary of EVO Holding Company, LLC) 
 
 Maryland 

Johmar Leasing Company, LLC (subsidiary of EVO Holding Company, LLC) 
 
 Maryland 

Each subsidiary is 100 owned, directly or indirectly, by EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. All subsidiaries are consolidated with EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. for accounting and financial reporting purposes. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 evoa-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 and Securities and Exchange Commission Release 34-46427 
 
 I, Michael Bayles, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc.; 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 16, 2023 
 
 /s/ Michael Bayles 

Michael Bayles 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 evoa-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 and Securities and Exchange Commission Release 34-46427 
 
 I, James Faught, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc.; 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 16, 2023 
 
 /s/ James Faught 

James Faught 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 evoa-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Michael Bayles, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

/s/ Michael Bayles 

Michael Bayles 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

November 16, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 evoa-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of EVO Transportation Energy Services, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James Faught, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

/s/ James Faught 

James Faught 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

November 16, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.LAB>
 23
 evoa-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 24
 evoa-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 25
 evoa-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 26
 evoa-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 27
 evoa-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

