<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231006_10-K_edgar_data_50292_0001213900-23-081163.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4321272</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>195360</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>865682</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1144456</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1019657</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>969872</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-081163.hdr.sgml : 20231006
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231006161829
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-081163
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231006
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231006

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			IEH Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000050292
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC CONNECTORS [3678]
		IRS NUMBER:				135549345
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-05278
		FILM NUMBER:		231314429

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		140 58TH ST BLDG B UNIT 8E
		CITY:			BROOKLYN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11220
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7184924440

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		140 58TH STREET BUILDING B SUITE 8E
		CITY:			BROOKLYN
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11220

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	IEH CORPORATION
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INDUSTRIAL ELECTRONIC HARDWARE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19890123

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INDUSTRIAL HEAT TREATING CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19670926

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-081163.txt : 20231006

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_iehcorp.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , 
 , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: OTC Pink Market 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on September 30, 2022, based
on a closing price of 10.50 was . 

As
of October 6, 2023, the registrant had shares of its common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 
 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 5 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 16 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 16 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 16 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 16 

PART II 
 
 17 
 
 ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 17 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 18 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 18 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 23 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 23 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 23 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 24 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 25 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 25 

PART III 
 
 26 
 
 ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 26 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 30 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 33 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 34 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 34 

PART IV 
 
 35 
 
 ITEM
15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 35 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 36 

SIGNATURES 
 37 

i 

IEH
CORPORATION 

Cautionary
Statements Concerning Forward-Looking Statements 

This
report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Exchange Act and Section 27A of the Securities Act.
Any statements contained in this report that are not statements of historical fact may be forward-looking statements. When we use the
words anticipates, plans, estimates, expects, believes, should, 
 could, may, will and similar expressions, we are identifying forward-looking statements. We
have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future financial events and financial
trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, business strategy and financial needs. Forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties described under Risk Factor Summary below, Risk Factors in Part
I, Item 1A, and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and may include statements related to, among other things: macroeconomic
factors, including inflationary pressures, supply shortages and recessionary pressures; accounting estimates and assumptions; pricing
pressures on our product caused by competition; the risk that our products will not gain market acceptance; our ability to obtain additional
financing; our ability to successfully prevent our registration with the SEC from being suspended or revoked and to timely file our SEC
reports; our ability to operate our accounting system and material weaknesses identified in connection with our migration to such accounting
system; our ability to protect intellectual property; our ability to integrate our satellite facility into our operations; and our ability
to attract and retain key employees. No forward-looking statement is a guarantee of future performance and you should not place undue
reliance on any forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements,
as they will depend on many factors about which we are unsure, including many factors beyond our control. 

Except
as may be required by applicable law, we do not undertake or intend to update or revise our forward-looking statements, and we assume
no obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this report as a result of new information or future events or developments.
Thus, you should not assume that our silence over time means that actual events are bearing out as expressed or implied in such forward-looking
statements. You should carefully review and consider the various disclosures we make in this report and our other reports filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC that attempt to advise interested parties of the risks, uncertainties and
other factors that may affect our business. 

Important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results and events anticipated or implied by such forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to: 

changes
 in the market acceptance of our products and services; 

increased
 levels of competition; 

changes
 in political, economic or regulatory conditions generally and in the markets in which we operate; 

our
 relationships with our key customers; 

adverse
 conditions in the industries in which our customers operate; 

our
 ability to retain and attract senior management and other key employees; 

our
 ability to quickly and effectively respond to new technological developments; 

our
 ability to protect our trade secrets or other proprietary rights, operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others
 and prevent others from infringing on our proprietary rights; and 

other
 risks, including those described in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report. 

ii 

IEH
CORPORATION 

PART
I 

Item
 1. 
 Business: 

IEH
Corporation (hereinafter referred to as IEH or the Company began operations in New York, New York in 1941
and was incorporated as a New York corporation in March 1943, when Louis Offerman founded L. Offerman Tool Die with his two sons,
Bernard and Seymour. 

In
the late 1960 s, IEH bought a license to manufacture HYPERBOLOID sockets, and began making printed circuit board PCB connectors for the defense and aerospace industries, in accordance with the MIL-DTL-55302 military specification. We have been
making these connectors and variations of them ever since, and today, we are one of the leaders in HYPERBOLOID connectors and contacts. 

In
use for nearly 50 years under demanding conditions, HYPERBOLOID technology has proven itself to be the leading design for integrity and
reliability. On avionics platforms, military and commercial aerospace equipment, engine control systems, missiles and torpedoes, vehicular
electronics, satellites and rocket launchers, medical devices, industrial and environmental controls, test equipment, pin grid array PGA sockets and countless other rugged applications, HYPERBOLOID aims to be the highest reliability connector available. 

At
IEH, we design and manufacture HYPERBOLOID connectors that not only accommodate, but exceed military and aerospace specification standards.
Years after inception, our HYPERBOLOID solutions continue to prove their reliability and benefits. Our engineers have long provided reliable
and innovative HYPERBOLOID interconnect solutions for defense, commercial, aerospace and medical use. 

We
are a family managed business, as Louis great-grandson David is the President and Chief Executive Officer, and we believe that
we still manufacture the highest quality products for the most demanding environments. But most importantly, we are always looking
ahead. We are committed to developing new technology that meets the demands of our fast-paced customers, and we are steadfast about always
exceeding our customers expectations. 

IEH
serves customers in the United States and internationally. Our customers include defense contractors, commercial aerospace equipment
manufacturers, medical device manufacturers, oil and gas exploration firms, and commercial space launch companies. We sell both directly
and through distributors. We maintain a Military Specification QPL (Qualified Product Listing), and an ISO (International Standards
Organization) 9001:2015 Certification. 

For
the fiscal years ending March 31, 2023 and 2022, approximately 56.3 and 59.1 , respectively, of the Company s sales were for defense
applications, 25.7 and 14.7 , respectively, for commercial aerospace, and 18.0 and 26.2 , respectively, for the remainder for commercial
space launch, medical, oil and gas and industrial markets. 

New
Product Development: 

IEH
continues to expand the scope and range of its PCB connector offerings. We have also increased the breadth of our products by introducing
high-speed connectors for data transmission, as well as hybrid power/signal connectors. New product developments are primarily
driven by customer demand. IEH also continues to specialize in custom interconnects designed specifically for customer applications. 
Our engineers work in conjunction with customer engineers to create, refine and manufacture connectors and interconnect solutions that
meet their specific, demanding needs. IEH engineers are renowned for their flexibility and creativity in solving customer interconnect
challenges and providing innovative solutions. 

1 

Marketing
and Sales: 

The
market for connectors and interconnect devices, domestic and worldwide, is highly fragmented as a result of the manufacture by many companies
of a multitude of different types and varieties of connectors and interconnects. For example, connectors include: printed wiring board,
rectangular I/O, circular, planar IOC RF coaxial, IC socket and fiber optic. The Company has been servicing a niche in
the market by manufacturing connectors containing HYPERBOLOID contact designs in the printed wiring board style of connectors. 

The
Company is continuously experimenting with innovative connection designs, which may cause it to alter its marketing plans in the future
if a market should develop for any of its current or future innovative designs. The Company is continually reviewing product lines being
sold in the connector and interconnect marketplace. We are committed to expanding our product offering and we consider that many of our
current or future custom designs will become product lines. 

The
Company s products are marketed to Original Equipment Manufacturers OEM directly and through authorized representatives
and distributors serving primarily the Defense, Aerospace, Medical, Space, Industrial, Test Equipment and Commercial Electronics markets.
The Company is also involved in developing new connectors for specific uses, which result from changes in technology. The Company assists
customers in the development and design of connectors for specific customer applications. This service is marketed to customers who require
the development of connectors and interconnection devices specially designed to accommodate the customers own products. 

The
Company is primarily a manufacturer and its products are essentially basic components of larger assemblies of finished goods. During
the year ended March 31, 2023, there were no individual customers whose revenues were 10 or more of the Company s net revenues.
During the year ended March 31, 2022, approximately 37.1 of the Company s total net sales represented three customers, and consisted
individually of 12.5 , 12.3 and 12.3 of net revenues. 

The
Company currently employs 22 independent sales organizations to market its products in all regions in the United States as well as in
Canada, the European Union EU ), Southeast Asia, Central Asia and the Middle East. These independent sales representatives
also promote the product lines of other electronics manufacturers; however, they do not promote the product lines of manufacturers which
compete directly with the Company s products. These sales representatives accounted for approximately 75 of the Company s
net sales for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 (with the balance of Company net sales being generated via direct customer contact). 

International
sales accounted for approximately 14.8 and 23.8 of net sales for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Approximately
39.8 and 68.2 of the aforementioned international net sales for fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, represent
sales to customers located in China. 

We
also market our products and capabilities through our website, www.iehcorp.com. Our product series HBH Hybrid Power/Signal HYPERBOLOID
Connectors, has a configuration tool that allows users to build their own hybrid connector and download 3D models to incorporate into
their modules. 

Backlog
of Orders/Capital Requirements: 

Our
customers typically enter into supply arrangements for the purchase of our products which we will produce and deliver over time. On an
as-needed basis, our customers place specific production orders, and these orders are generally filled and shipped within twelve weeks.
Our backlog consists of supply arrangements where the anticipated unfulfilled shipping dates are within approximately twelve months.
Because of the possibility of customer changes in delivery schedules or the cancellation of orders, our backlog as of any particular
date may not be indicative of revenue in any future period. The backlog amounted to approximately 13,724,000 at March 31, 2023 as compared
to 7,909,000 at March 31, 2022. The increase in total backlog as of March 31, 2023 compared with the previous year is primarily due
to increases in aerospace and defense customer demand, driven in large part by the recovery of commercial aviation after the earlier
grounding of the Boeing 737 Max jet and the impact of COVID-19, as well as increases in orders from our defense customers. 

A
portion of these backlog orders are subject to cancellation or postponement of delivery dates and, therefore, no assurance can be given
that actual sales will result from these orders. The Company does not foresee any problems which would prevent it from fulfilling these
orders. 

2 

Forward
Looking Business Trends: 

Impact
of COVID-19 and Other Factors: 

Since
early 2020, the world has been impacted by the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. In previous periods, COVID-19 (including its variants
and mutations) and measures to prevent its spread disrupted our business in a number of ways, including strains on supply chains, and
general economic conditions. Although restrictions in the United States have largely been lifted, in international markets, such as in
China, there continue to be disruptions from the COVID-19 pandemic. If new COVID-19 variants emerge or additional governmental restrictions
are imposed domestically or internationally, our business may be harmed. For example, in the future, the COVID-19 pandemic may cause
reduced demand for certain products we provide. We are not able to predict the full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on
our financial and operating results and how the COVID-19 pandemic will evolve domestically and internationally. 

Additionally,
our operations are subject to global economic and geopolitical risks. For example, while the Company does not have a presence in these
regions, the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine has impacted economic activity as well as the availability and price of raw
materials and energy. The Company continues to actively monitor these factors and find ways to mitigate the impact on its operations. 

For
additional information on risk factors that could impact our results, please refer to Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A
of this Form 10-K. 

Competition: 

The
design, development, manufacture and distribution of electrical connectors and interconnection devices is a highly competitive field.
The Company principally competes with both large and small companies who also produce high performance connectors in printed circuits
and wiring boards for high technology applications. The Company competes by adapting certain technologies to meet specific product applications,
aiming to produce connectors cost-effectively, and through its production capabilities. In addition, there are many companies who offer
connectors with designs similar to those utilized by the Company and are direct competitors of the Company. 

The
primary basis upon which the Company competes is product performance and production capabilities. The Company usually receives job orders
after submitting bids pursuant to customer-issued specifications for connectors and interconnects. The Company s bid can be for
a new item that requires the item to perform under harsh environment requirements or it can be for a standard catalog item. The Company
also offers engineering services to its customers in designing and developing connectors for specialized products and specific customer
applications. This enables the Company to receive a competitive advantage over those companies who basically manufacture connectors based
solely or primarily on cataloged specifications. 

Some
of the Company s competitors may have greater financial resources than the Company and no assurances can be given that the Company
will be able to compete effectively with these companies in the future. 

Suppliers
of Raw Materials and Component Parts: 

The
Company utilizes a variety of raw materials and manufactured component parts, which it purchases from various suppliers. These materials
and components are available from numerous sources and the Company does not believe that it will have a problem obtaining such materials
and parts in the future. 

However,
any delay in the Company s ability to obtain necessary raw materials and component parts may affect its ability to meet customer
production needs. In anticipation of such delays, the Company carries an inventory of raw materials and component parts to avoid shortages
and to insure continued production. However, as global supply chains continue to be constrained, there can be no certainty that we will
not be affected in the future, and we believe that there is risk that raw materials and supply chains will continue to be affected in
2024. 

Additionally,
inflationary pressures have been impacting virtually all aspects of our materials and suppliers, including power prices and labor costs,
and are likely to impact our fiscal year 2024 results. 

3 

Human
Capital Management: 

Our
employees are our greatest resource and an integral component to our operations. Their health, safety and well-being is a priority for
us. 

Talent 

We
are focused on sourcing, attracting, and retaining talent, especially those with technical backgrounds. We recognize and reward performance
while continually working to develop, engage and retain high-performing employees. We have made significant investments to provide ongoing
training and career development for our employees. We provide competitive compensation and comprehensive benefits. 

As
of March 31, 2023, we employed 156 people of which 154 are full-time employees. Most of the employees engaged in manufacturing and testing
activities are covered by a collective bargaining agreement with the United Auto Workers of America, Local 259 (the Union ),
which expires on March 31, 2024. The Company believes that it has a good relationship with its employees and the Union and has not experienced
any significant work stoppages or other labor problems. 

Diversity
and Inclusion 

We
treat each other with respect and value each individual s unique perspective and background. We are committed to a culture where
everyone belongs and diversity and inclusion drives business results. Diversity is crucial to our ongoing success to manage our business. 

Safety/Health
and Wellness 

We
are committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment for our employees. Aligned with our values, we strive to continuously
monitor our work environment to keep our employees safe. We have an open-door policy for all employees to report concerns or safety issues.
Our commitment to employee safety also includes ongoing safety communications with safety topics and providing safety training. 

Governmental
Regulations: 

The
Company is subject to federal regulations, principally under the Occupational Safety and Health Act OSHA and the Defense
Supply Command Columbus DSCC ). 

OSHA
provides federal guidelines and specifications to companies in order to insure the health and safety of employees. 

DSCC
oversees the quality and specifications of products and components manufactured and sold to the government and the defense industry.
DSCC s primary customer is the U.S. military. Many of our products appear on the DSCC Qualified Products Listing QPL ).
To remain qualified, the Company submits its products to an outside testing laboratory which performs all required testing. After review
by the Company of the testing results the data is then submitted to the DSCC. The Company and its products are only approved and remain
on the QPL if the Company has passed all testing requirements. Although DSCC continuously requires suppliers to meet changing specifications,
the Company has not encountered any significant problems meeting such specifications and its products have, in the past, been approved.
The Company is unaware of any changes in the Government s regulations which are expected to materially affect the Company s
business. 

Available Information 

Our
website is www.iehcorp.com. On our website we make available at no cost our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q,
current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically
file such material with, or furnish them to, the SEC. The information contained on our website is not a part of this annual report on
Form 10-K. 

4 

Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors: 

In
evaluating our company and our business, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with the
other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in these
risk factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation,
revenue, financial condition, results of operations or future prospects, in which case the market price of our common stock could decline,
and you could lose part or all of your investment. The material and other risks and uncertainties summarized in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K and described below are not intended to be exhaustive and are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties
not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business. This Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in
the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including the risks described below. See the section titled Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements . 

Risks
Related to Our Business: 

We
operate in a niche industry and our business results may vary from year to year depending upon, among other things, the nature of the
ordering cycle of our products which makes it hard to predict demand for our business and may adversely impact our business and results
of operations. 

We
manufacture PCB connector offerings for specialized applications and our customers include defense contractors, commercial aerospace
equipment manufacturers, medical device manufacturers, oil and gas exploration firms, and commercial space launch companies. Our products
are typically a small part in a larger end product used by our customers. Supply shortages or other factors impacting third party suppliers
that supply different parts to our customers for use in the same end product in which our product is used can impact demand for our products.
For example, we believe that recent supply shortages for parts produced by other manufacturers in the end product in which our product
is used has caused delays in ordering our products. In addition, due to the specialized nature of our products, we often manufacture
limited quantities of our products. Since we are producing customized products in smaller quantities, we are not able to achieve economies
of scale, we are unable to obtain bulk discounts on our orders for raw materials and sometimes the fulfillment of the supply of the raw
materials used in our products is delayed because our suppliers may prioritize larger orders. All of these factors may have an adverse
impact on our business and results of operations. 

In
addition, the ultimate end product in which our products are used have long and irregular ordering cycles which may cause our business
results to vary year to year. For example, some of our products are used in airplanes which often are operable for about thirty years
and thus are replaced over longer time horizons than many other products and are susceptible to changes in the demand for travel. The
ordering cycle for our customers is often irregular and hard to predict. For example, our sales have declined, generally on a quarter
over quarter basis, from the quarter ended September 30, 2020 through the quarter ended March 31, 2023, and we are unable to predict
if or when they will increase in the future. This makes it difficult for us to anticipate when demand increases will occur and adjust
our business and ordering to accommodate fluctuations in demand. If we are not able to ramp production up or down quickly enough in response
to rapid changes in demand, we may not be able to effectively manage our costs, which could negatively impact operating results, and
we may lose sales and market share. 

The
loss of certain substantial customers could materially and adversely affect us. 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, there were no individual customers whose revenues were 10 or more of the Company s net revenues.
During the year ended March 31, 2022, approximately 37.1 of the Company s total net sales were from three customers, and consisted
individually of 12.5 , 12.3 and 12.3 of our total net sales for the year. We believe that the loss of one or more of our larger customers
could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. We have experienced significant concentrations
of customers in prior years. Furthermore, factors that negatively impact the businesses of our major customers could materially
and adversely affect us even if the customer represents a relatively small part of our net sales. 

We
may need additional funding in the future and if we are unable to raise capital when needed, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate
our production or business efforts. 

Although
we have enough working capital in the short term, we may need to raise additional funding in connection with our continuing operations
through the debt or equity markets in the future. If we are unable to raise capital when needed or on attractive terms, we could be forced
to delay, reduce or eliminate our business efforts. Any capital raising efforts would also be impacted by our administrative proceeding
with the SEC pursuant to Exchange Act section 12(j), and whether the SEC suspends for up to twelve months, or revokes, the registration
of our securities. Any additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely
affect our business. In addition, we cannot guarantee that future financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable
to us, if at all. Additionally, market volatility resulting from macroeconomic conditions or other factors could also adversely impact
our ability to access capital as and when needed. Moreover, the terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights
of our stockholders and the issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may
cause the market price of our shares to decline. The sale of additional equity or convertible securities would dilute all of our stockholders
and may decrease our stock price. The incurrence of indebtedness could result in increased fixed payment obligations and we may be required
to agree to certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to
acquire, sell, or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct
our business. We could also be required to seek funds through arrangements with partners or others and we may be required to relinquish
rights to some of our intellectual property or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us, any of which may have a material adverse effect
on our business, operating results and prospects. If we are unable to obtain funding on a timely basis, our business, financial condition
and results of operations may be materially affected. 

5 

Our
failure to prepare and timely file our periodic reports with the SEC limits our access to the public markets to raise debt or equity
capital. 

We
did not file our Quarterly and Annual Reports for the years ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 and the related quarterly periods
until we filed a Form 10-K for these periods on June 22, 2023. The Quarterly and Annual reports for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023
and the related quarterly periods were not filed until October 6, 2023. Thus, we have not remained current in our reporting requirements
with the SEC. We are not currently eligible to use a registration statement on Form S-3 that would allow us to continuously incorporate
by reference our SEC reports into the registration statement, or to use shelf registration statements to conduct offerings,
until approximately one year from the date we regain and maintain status as a current filer. If we wish to pursue an offering now, we
would be required to conduct the offering on an exempt basis, such as in accordance with Rule 144A, or file a registration statement
on Form S-1. Using a Form S-1 registration statement for a public offering would likely take significantly longer than using a registration
statement on Form S-3 and increase our transaction costs, and could, to the extent we are not able to conduct offerings using alternative
methods, adversely impact our ability to raise capital or complete acquisitions of other companies in a timely manner. 

The
Company may have limited intellectual property protection. 

The
Company possesses certain proprietary intellectual property, including but not limited to, trade secrets, know-how and proprietary processes.
The Company relies on this intellectual property, know-how and other proprietary information, and requires employees,
consultants and suppliers to sign confidentiality agreements. However, these confidentiality agreements may be breached, and the Company
may not have adequate remedies for such breaches. Third parties may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information
without infringing upon any proprietary technology. Third parties may otherwise gain access to proprietary information and adopt it in
a competitive manner. Any loss of intellectual property protection may have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations
or prospects. 

We
are a niche manufacturer of highly engineered products that are high value/short run, using a unique mix of labor and capital equipment. 

Our
engineers provide HYPERBOLOID interconnect solutions for defense, commercial, aerospace and medical use. Our products are specialized
and require special equipment and skilled workers to operate our machinery. Our reliance on our skilled labor and capital equipment subjects
us to a number of risks that could negatively affect our ability to manufacture our products and harm our business, including interruption
of supply. We expect our overall reliance on our mix of labor and capital equipment to continue. Any significant delay or interruption
in our mix of labor and capital equipment could impair our ability to meet the demand of our customers and could harm our business. With
changes in demand, labor costs, and capital equipment costs, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain the labor and
capital equipment mix and therefore maintain our margins. 

A
significant design, manufacturing or supplier quality issue could adversely affect profitability. 

As
a manufacturer of highly engineered products, the performance, reliability and productivity of the Company s products
are some of its competitive advantages. While the Company prides itself on implementing procedures to ensure the quality and performance
of its products and suppliers, a significant quality or product issue, whether due to design, performance, manufacturing or supplier
quality issue, could lead to scrapping of raw materials, finished goods or returned products, the deterioration in a customer relationship,
or other action that could adversely affect costs, future sales and profitability. 

In
December 2021, we opened a secondary facility in Allentown, PA and if we are unable to successfully achieve the planned volume and operating
capacity in this facility, our manufacturing and business could be adversely impacted. 

In
December 2021, we opened a new manufacturing facility in Allentown, PA. We have commenced operations and have initially staffed and equipped
the facility for targeted levels of production. We expect to continue to add staff and equipment within the facility as we target higher
levels of production at the facility. We will need to hire additional personnel to staff and maintain this facility with the technical
qualifications to do so. Labor is subject to external factors that are beyond our control, including our industry s competitive
market for skilled workers. Cost, inflation and workforce participation rates are additional factors that could impact our ability to
effectively hire additional staffing. The failure to achieve targeted levels of production at the facility and the failure to successfully
hire and train qualified personnel for the new facility could seriously harm our business and prospects. In addition, ramping up production
at the new facility is time intensive, costly and inefficient. If we are unable to successfully ramp up and operate at targeted levels,
our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

6 

A
shortage of availability or an increase in the cost of raw materials and other resources may adversely impact our ability to manufacture
our products at cost effective prices and thus may negatively impact profit margins. 

Our
results of operations may be materially adversely impacted by difficulties in obtaining raw materials, supplies, power, labor and any
other items needed for the production of our products, as well as by the effects of quality deviations in raw materials and the
effects of significant fluctuations in the prices. Many of these materials and components are produced by a limited number of suppliers
and their availability to us may be constrained by supplier capacity. In 2021, pandemic-related issues created port congestion and
intermittent supplier shutdowns and delays, resulting in additional expenses and increasing prices of raw materials generally. 
In recent periods, we have seen the impacts of inflation drive up costs of materials and labor significantly. Any material disruption
to or continuing increases in prices of our raw materials and other resources could materially adversely affect our financial results. 
Profit margins will be materially and adversely impacted if we are not able to reduce our costs of production, introduce technological
innovations, or pass through cost increases to customers. 

We
may be subject to work stoppages at our facilities or those of our principal customers and suppliers, which could seriously impact the
profitability of our business. 

Our
unionized workforce and those of our customers and suppliers may experience work stoppages during collective bargaining agreement negotiations.
In the future, if we are unable to negotiate an acceptable new agreement with the union, upon expiration of the existing contract, we
could experience a strike or work stoppage. Contingency plans have been developed that would allow production to continue in the event
of a strike. 

Our
success is dependent on the performance of our management and the cooperation, performance and retention of our executive officers and
key employees. 

Our
business and operations are substantially dependent on the performance of our senior management team and executive officers. If our management
team is unable to perform it may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. We do not maintain key person 
life insurance on any of our executive officers. The loss of one or several key employees could seriously harm our business. Any reorganization
or reduction in the size of our employee base could harm our ability to attract and retain other valuable employees critical to the success
of our business. 

If
we lose key personnel or fail to integrate replacement personnel successfully, our ability to manage our business could be impaired. 

Our
future success depends upon the continued service of our key management, technical, sales, finance, and other critical personnel. We
cannot assure you that we will be able to retain them. The loss of any key employee could result in significant disruptions to our operations,
including adversely affecting the timeliness of product releases, the successful implementation and completion of Company initiatives,
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting, and the results of our
operations. In addition, hiring, training, and successfully integrating replacement sales and other personnel could be time consuming,
may cause additional disruptions to our operations, and may be unsuccessful, which could negatively impact future revenues. 

We
are a small business that competes globally in a competitive industry that is highly fragmented. 

The
market for connectors and interconnect devices, domestic and worldwide, is highly fragmented as a result of the manufacture by many companies
of a multitude of different types and varieties of connectors and interconnects. The Company has been servicing a niche in the market
by manufacturing connectors containing HYPERBOLOID contact designs in the printed wiring board style of connectors. The connector and
interconnect device industry is competitive and fragmented and includes numerous small organizations capable of competing in
the markets we target. Although large companies tend to not compete directly with us due to the customized and small batch nature of
our business, large companies compete in adjacent industries and possess substantially greater financial and other resources than we
do. Larger competitors greater resources could allow those competitors to compete more effectively than we can. Our competitors
have successfully built their names in the industry in which we compete. These various competitors may be able to offer products more
competitively priced and more widely available than our offerings, and also have greater resources to acquire members and suppliers than
us. Failure to compete in the industry in which we operate would adversely affect our results of operations. 

7 

Our
results of operations and financial condition have been and may in the future be adversely impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Occurrences
of epidemics or pandemics, depending on their scale, may cause different degrees of disruption to the regional, state and local economies
in which we offer our products. The COVID-19 pandemic caused changes in customer behavior, as well as economic disruptions. Although
consumer activity has improved since the start of the pandemic and government restrictions have been lifted in the United States, recovery
varies globally and the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and its effects continue to evolve. Supply chain issues, inflationary pressures, the
emergence of new variants and the reinstatement and subsequent lifting of restrictions and health and safety related measures in response
to the emergence of new variants have contributed in the past to the volatility of ongoing recovery. We are unable to predict the future
path or impact of any global or regional COVID-19 resurgences, including existing or future variants, or other public health crises.
The reinstatement and subsequent lifting of these measures may occur periodically, which could adversely affect our business, operations
and financial condition, as well as the business, operations and financial conditions of our customers and suppliers. 

Accounting
Related Risks and Other Factors: 

Management
identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. Such weaknesses may lead to additional risks and uncertainties,
including stockholder lawsuits or other actions, loss of investor confidence and negative impacts on our stock price. Failure to achieve
and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in our failure to accurately or timely report our financial
condition or results of operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for evaluating and
reporting on the effectiveness of our system of internal control. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. As a public company, we are required to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other
rules that govern public companies. In particular, we are required to certify our compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
which requires us to furnish annually a report by management on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management
performed an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 and concluded that
our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of March 31, 2023, as certain of the Company s controls associated
with reconciliations of inventory and cost of products sold were not operating effectively. Further, the Company has not fully established
an effective control environment due to the ineffective design and implementation of Information Technology General Controls ITGC ).
The Company s ITGC deficiencies included improperly designed controls pertaining to change management and user access rights over
systems that are critical to the Company s system of financial reporting. We have taken and continue to take remedial steps to
improve our internal control over financial reporting. For further discussion of the material weaknesses identified and our remedial
efforts, see Item 9A, Controls and Procedures. 

Management
is working to remediate the identified material weaknesses. Remediation efforts place a significant burden on management and add increased
pressure to our financial resources and processes. We may not be able to fully remediate these material weaknesses until additional steps
have been completed and have been operating effectively for a sufficient period of time. We cannot assure you that the measures we have
taken to date and plan to take will be sufficient to remediate the material weaknesses we identified or avoid the identification of additional
material weaknesses in the future. If we are unable to successfully remediate our existing material weaknesses or any additional material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting that may be identified in the future in a timely manner, the accuracy and
timing of our financial reporting may be adversely affected our liquidity, our access to capital markets, the perceptions of our
creditworthiness and our ability to complete acquisitions may be adversely affected we may be unable to maintain or regain compliance
with applicable securities laws, applicable listing requirements and other requirements we may be subject to regulatory investigations
and penalties investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting our reputation may be harmed we may suffer defaults,
accelerations or cross-accelerations under our debt instruments or derivative arrangements to the extent we are unable to obtain additional
waivers from the required creditors or counterparties or are unable to cure any breaches and our stock price may decline. 

Moreover,
because of the inherent limitations of any control system, material misstatements due to error or fraud may not be prevented or detected
and corrected on a timely basis, or at all. If we are unable to provide reliable and timely financial reports in the future, our business
and reputation may be further harmed. Restated financial statements and failures in internal control may also cause us to fail to meet
reporting obligations, negatively affect investor and customer confidence in our management and the accuracy of our financial statements
and disclosures, result in events of default under our banking agreements, or result in adverse publicity and concerns from investors
and customers, any of which could have a negative effect on the price of our common stock, subject us to regulatory investigations and
penalties or stockholder litigation, and have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition. 

8 

Efforts
to comply with the applicable provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act involve significant expenditures, and non-compliance
with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may adversely affect us and the market price of our common stock. 

Under
current SEC rules, we are required to report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. We are required to review on an annual basis our internal control over financial reporting, and on a quarterly and annual basis
to evaluate and disclose changes in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we expect to incur additional expenses
that may negatively impact our financial performance. This process also results in a diversion of management s time and attention.
We cannot be certain as to the timing of completion of our evaluation, testing and remediation actions or the impact of the same on our
operations, and we may not be able to ensure that the process is effective or that our internal control over financial reporting is or
will be effective in a timely manner. In the event that we are unable to maintain or achieve compliance with the applicable provisions
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and related rules, we and the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected. 

We
identified certain misstatements to our previously issued financial statements and have restated the financial statements described below,
which has exposed us to a number of additional risks and uncertainties. 

On
June 22, 2023, we filed our Form 10-K for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. Included therein, we reported that we
had restated our previously issued audited financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2020 and our interim financial statements
for the quarterly periods ended September 27, 2019 and December 31, 2019. We further reported that these restatements were in connection
with the Company s migration to its then new accounting system, including the reconciliation of the old and new systems. 

As
a result of the misstatements and the restatement, we have become subject to a number of additional risks and uncertainties and unanticipated
costs for accounting, legal and other fees and expenses, including risks of lawsuits. Any actions, lawsuits or other legal proceedings
related to the misstatements or the restatement could result in reputational harm, legal defense and other costs, regardless of the outcome
of the lawsuit or proceeding. In addition, we continue to be at risk for loss of investor confidence, loss of key employees, changes
in management or our board of directors and other reputational issues, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial position and results of operations. 

Our
ongoing efforts to remediate our internal control weaknesses may continue to divert management from the operation of our business. The
absence of timely and accurate financial information has hindered and may in the future hinder our ability to effectively manage our
business. 

The
Board of Directors, members of management, and our accounting and other staff previously has spent significant time on the restatement
and remediation and will continue to spend significant time on remediation of internal control over our financial reporting. These resources
have been, and will likely continue to be, diverted from the strategic and day-to-day management of our business and may have an adverse
effect on our ability to accomplish our strategic objectives. 

We
may face litigation and regulatory action relating to the restatement of our financial statements. 

We
cannot ensure that litigation or other claims by shareholders will not be brought in the future arising out of the restatement of our
financial statements. We may also be subject to further examinations, investigations, proceedings and orders by regulatory authorities,
including a cease and desist order, suspension of trading of our securities, delisting of our securities and/or the assessment of possible
civil monetary penalties. Any such further actions could be expensive and damaging to our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

We
have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant expenses related to the restatement and remediation of deficiencies in our
internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, and any resulting litigation. 

We
have devoted and expect to continue to devote substantial internal and external resources towards remediation efforts relating to the
restatement of our financial statements, the management review process and other efforts to implement effective internal controls. Because
of these efforts, we have incurred and expect that we will continue to incur significant fees and expenses for legal, accounting, financial
and other consulting and professional services, as well as the implementation and maintenance of systems and processes that will need
to be updated, supplemented or replaced. As described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have taken a number of steps in order to
strengthen our accounting function so as to allow us to be able to provide timely and accurate financial reporting. However, we cannot
assure you that these steps will be successful. To the extent these steps are not successful, we could be required to incur significant
additional time and expense. The expenses we are incurring in this regard, as well as the substantial time devoted by our management
towards identifying and addressing the internal control deficiencies, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. 

9 

RISKS
RELATED TO THE COMPANY S EFFORTS TO BECOME CURRENT IN ITS PERIODIC REPORTING AND BEING A PUBLIC COMPANY 

As
a result of the Company s late periodic filings, the SEC instituted an administrative proceeding pursuant to Section 12(j) of the
Exchange Act to determine whether it is appropriate to suspend for up to twelve months or revoke the registration of the Company s
common stock. Although we have filed an answer to the Order, conducted a prehearing conference with the SEC s staff, and filed
an Opposition Brief to the SEC Division of Enforcement s Motion for Summary Disposition, the ultimate outcome of the administrative
proceeding may be adverse to the Company, and may result in the suspension or revocation of the registration of our common stock. 

The
Company is currently delinquent in its periodic reporting obligations and as a result the SEC instituted administrative proceedings on
August 17, 2022 (the Order pursuant to Section 12(j) of the Exchange Act to suspend or revoke the registration of
our common stock. On October 3, 2022, we filed an answer to the Order and on October 13, 2022, we conducted a prehearing conference with
SEC staff in the Division of Enforcement. On March 1, 2023 the SEC s Division of Enforcement filed a Motion for Summary Disposition,
on March 15, 2023, IEH filed an opposition brief to the SEC Division of Enforcement s Motion for Summary Disposition, and on March
29, 2023, the SEC s Division of Enforcement filed a Reply in Support of its Motion for Summary Disposition. The Commission will
issue a decision on the basis of the record in the proceeding. The Company cannot at this time predict the timing of a decision by the
Commission or the outcome of such decision. Although the Company continues to make progress towards completion of its periodic reports
and intends to vigorously defend against the allegations in the Order to avoid possible suspension or revocation of the registration
of its common stock, if the SEC issues a final order to suspend or revoke the registration of the Company s common stock, brokers,
dealers and other market participants would be prohibited from buying, selling, making a market in, publishing quotations of, or otherwise
effecting transactions with respect to, such common stock until, in the case of suspension, the lifting of such suspension, or, in the
case of a revocation, the Company files a new registration statement with the SEC under the Exchange Act and that registration
statement is declared effective. As a result, public trading of the Company s common stock would cease and investors would find
it extraordinarily difficult to acquire or dispose of the Company s common stock or obtain accurate price quotations for the Company s
common stock, which could result in a significant decline in the value of the Company s stock. In addition, the Company s
business may be adversely impacted, including, without limitation, an adverse impact on the Company s ability to issue stock to
raise equity capital, engage in business combinations or provide employee incentives. 

The
Company faces challenges in producing accurate financial statements and periodic reports as required on a timely basis. 

As
discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have identified material weaknesses in our accounting systems, processes and procedures
in connection with the accounting for inventory and cost of products sold. Ultimately, there have been a number of issues with the SAP
System, including system design and implementation issues as well as utilization issues. As a result, the Company has hired a number
of third party consultants and additional personnel and enhanced many aspects of its accounting procedures. Although the Company believes
it has discovered and made improvements to its critical inventory accounting systems, the Company is still in the process of making further
refinements in these complex systems and making system and process changes to improve system utilization. The Company continues to have
material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting and, as a result, cannot assure you that the Company will not experience
additional errors or delays with respect to the preparation of its financial statements and its periodic reports in the future. 

In
addition, as previously noted, the Company has engaged outside consulting firms and other external consultants to assist its finance
organization in completing the preparation of its financial statements, and preparing this Annual Report and other periodic reports.
The Company relies heavily on these third party consultants who assist in the preparation of financial statements, including extracting
financial data from our SAP System, and the timely filing of periodic reports with the SEC. If our third party consultants are unable
to provide the Company with the necessary assistance and financial information in a timely manner, the Company will be unable to file
its periodic reports when due. In addition, replacing these consultants with new employees may result in the loss of important institutional
knowledge or otherwise create transitional issues that could delay the preparation of financial statements and periodic reports. If we
are unable to rely on our third party consultants in the future or we do not receive their assistance in a timely manner, we may in the
future have delays in reporting which could adversely affect our business. 

10 

Potential
for future errors in the application of accounting rules and pronouncements. 

The
completion of the audits of our financial statements involved significant review and analyses, including highly technical analyses of
data and business practices and the extraction of data from the SAP System. Given the complexity and scope of this process, and despite
the extensive time, effort and expense that went into it, additional accounting errors may in the future come to light in these or other
areas that may result in future restatements. 

Efforts
by the Company to become current in its periodic reporting obligations have required diversion of management s attention from business
operations, led to concerns on the part of investors about the financial condition of the Company and potential loss of business opportunities
and resulted in the incurrence of substantial expenses. 

Since
discovering the issues with the Company s previously reported financials in connection with the Company s transition to the
SAP System and the Company s recognition of related material weaknesses in its systems of internal control regarding the accounting
for inventory and cost of product sold, the Company s management, including its finance and accounting personnel, has devoted and
continue to devote substantial time, effort and resources to its efforts to become current in its periodic reporting obligations, in
addition to performing its day-to-day duties. These efforts and the exigent circumstances have diverted and may continue to divert, management s
attention away from our business. In addition, the delay in the completion of the Company s periodic reports and the financial
condition of the Company have caused concerns on the part of investors and may have resulted in the loss of potential business opportunities
or declines in the value of the Company s common stock. 

In
addition, to assist their respective finance and accounting teams, the Company engaged outside accounting consulting firms and other
external consultants to assist in the preparation of financial statements and periodic reports and has incurred and continues to incur
substantial expenses for their services, in addition to incurring substantial expenses for external legal, tax and other professional
services. 

The
staff of the SEC may review the periodic reports of the Company and may request amendments of financial information or other disclosures. 

Following
its review of periodic reports (including, but not limited to, this Annual Report) filed with the SEC, the staff of the SEC may request
that the Company make additional changes to its reporting of financial information contained in such periodic reports, potentially requiring
amendments to our financial information or other disclosure. 

Any
further amendments to the financial information of the Company, among other things: 

would
 distract management s attention from our business and operations; 

may
 require the Company to suspend the exercise of options by employees until it becomes current again in its periodic reporting obligations
 under the federal securities laws; 

would
 result in incurring substantial additional professional expenses; 

may
 adversely affect the Company s reputation, credibility with customers and investors and its ability to raise capital; and 

may
 subject the Company to the risk of additional litigation and regulatory investigations and actions. 

The
requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect its ability to attract
and retain qualified board members. 

As
a public company listed in the U.S., we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and any
rules promulgated thereunder. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage being a public company that is subject to
significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities laws and the continuous scrutiny of securities
analysts and investors. Operating a public company requires significant attention from our senior management and could divert their attention
away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. For
example, the requirements of these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more
difficult, time-consuming or costly, and increase demand on our systems and resources. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things,
that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls for financial reporting. In order to maintain and
improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources
and management oversight is required and, as a result, management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns. The
costs of compliance with public company reporting requirements and our potential failure to satisfy these requirements could have a material
adverse effect on our operations, business, financial condition or results of operations. 

11 

In
order to satisfy our obligations as a public company, we may need to hire additional qualified accounting and financial personnel with
appropriate public company experience. 

As
a public company, we need to establish and maintain effective disclosure and financial controls and adhere to certain corporate governance
practices. We may need to hire additional accounting and financial personnel with appropriate public company experience
and technical accounting knowledge, and it may be difficult to recruit and retain such personnel. Even if we are able to hire appropriate
personnel, our existing operating expenses and operations will be impacted by the direct costs of their employment and the indirect consequences
related to the diversion of management resources from other business concerns. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 

Our
stock price is volatile and could decline; there is currently a limited trading market for our common stock and we cannot predict how
liquid the market might become. 

There
has been a limited trading market for our common stock and we cannot predict how liquid the market for our common stock might become.
On September 28, 2021 our stock began trading in accordance with the OTC Pink Sheet No Information tier. Broker dealer firms are not
able to provide stock quotes for IEH s common stock and transactions are limited to the Expert market. The quotation
of our common stock on the OTC Pink Sheets does not assure that a meaningful, consistent and liquid trading market exists.
The market price for our common stock is subject to volatility and holders of our common stock may be unable to resell their shares at
or near their original purchase price, or at any price. In the absence of an active trading market, investors may have difficulty buying
and selling, or obtaining market quotations for our common stock; market visibility for our common stock may be limited; and a lack of
visibility for our common stock may have a depressive effect on the market for our common stock. While we intend to regain listing on
an actively traded platform, there can be no assurance that we will be successful. 

The
price of our common stock has been, and is likely to continue to be, volatile. For example, our stock price during the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2023 traded as low as 6.20 and as high as 12.50 per share and during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, our stock price
traded as low as 11.95 per share and as high as 18.25 per share. Fluctuations may be exaggerated since the trading volume is and would
likely be volatile, limited, and sporadic. These fluctuations may or may not be based upon any business or operating results. We
cannot assure you that your investment in our common stock will not decline. 

Except
for a single dividend declared and paid in 2017, we have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future.
Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock. 

Except
for a single dividend declared and paid in 2017, we have never paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate doing so
in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on earnings, financial condition and other business
and economic factors affecting us at such time as our board of directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends, our common
stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates. 

The
Offerman family has substantial influence over our management and policies, and their interests may conflict with ours or yours in the
future. 

Gail
Offerman and Dave Offerman, our Chief Executive Officer, (the Offerman Investors beneficially own approximately 46.7 
of our common stock as of October 6, 2023, and will generally vote together as a single class on matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders.
As a result, the Offerman Investors may exert substantial influence on other actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially
in a manner that you do not support, including the election and removal of directors and the approval of any merger, consolidation or
sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, the ownership of such stockholders could preclude any unsolicited acquisition
of us, and consequently, adversely affect the price of our common stock. In addition, the Offerman Investors and their affiliates exercise
significant influence over the operations of our Company because the Company has been a business led by the Offerman family for generations.
These stockholders may make decisions that are adverse to your interests. 

12 

We
have reduced disclosure and governance requirements applicable to smaller reporting companies, which could result in our common stock
being less attractive to investors . 

We
have a public float of less than 250 million and therefore qualify as a smaller reporting company under the rules of the SEC. As a smaller
reporting company, we are able to take advantage of reduced disclosure requirements, such as simplified executive compensation disclosures,
exemption from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that our independent registered public accounting
firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and reduced financial statement
disclosure requirements in our SEC filings. Decreased disclosures in our SEC filings due to our status as a smaller reporting company
may make it harder for our investors to analyze our results of operations and financial prospects. We cannot predict if investors will
find our common stock less attractive due to our reliance on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be volatile. 

There
are risks related to the implementation of our perpetual accounting system. 

Since
2020, we have been operating on a new perpetual accounting system, SAP s Business One system along with an add-on inventory and
production module, Beas Manufacturing New SAP System in order to improve our financial reporting. Since implementation,
we have been engaged in a multi-year process to refine the functionality of the New SAP System, most significantly around the accounting
for inventory and costs of products sold. We have identified the causes of the errors that led to the restatement of previously reported
financials and have made enhancements to the New SAP System to remediate those causes. There remains further work to improve and optimize
the New SAP System, and that work is ongoing. Any significant deficiency in the design and implementation of the SAP System could negatively
impact our financial data and may result in inaccurate financials or delays in our periodic reports with the SEC, which may have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Risks
Related to General Economic Conditions and Other Factors: 

Changes
in general economic conditions, geopolitical conditions, U.S. trade policies and other factors beyond the Company s control may
adversely impact our business and operating results. 

The
Company s operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. The
United States has from time to time experienced challenging economic conditions, including in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic,
and the global financial markets have recently undergone and may continue to experience significant volatility and disruption. Our business,
financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by changes in consumer confidence, levels of unemployment, inflation,
interest rates, tax rates and general uncertainty regarding the overall future economic environment. A recession or slowdown
in the economy may cause a decline in demand for our products and have a negative impact on our business. 

We
are also impacted by changes in trade policy. In recent years, there has been discussion and dialogue regarding potential significant
changes to U.S. trade policies, legislation, treaties and tariffs. Changes to current policies by the U.S. or other governments could
affect our business, including potentially through increased import tariffs and other influences on U.S. trade relations with other countries.
The imposition of additional tariffs or other trade barriers could increase our costs in certain markets, and may cause our customers
to find alternative sourcing. In addition, other countries may change their own policies on business and foreign investment in companies
in their respective countries. Additionally, it is possible that U.S. policy changes and uncertainty about such changes could increase
market volatility and currency exchange rate fluctuations. Market volatility and currency exchange rate fluctuations could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. As a result of these dynamics, we cannot predict
the impact to our business of any future changes to the U.S. s trading relationships. 

A
number of other economic and geopolitical factors both in the United States and abroad could have a material adverse effect on the Company s
business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, such as: 

a
 global or regional economic slowdown in any of the Company s market segments; 

postponement
 of spending, in response to tighter credit, financial market volatility and other factors; 

effects
 of significant changes in economic, monetary and fiscal policies in the United States and
 abroad including significant income tax changes, currency fluctuations and inflationary pressures; 

rapid
 material escalation of the cost of regulatory compliance and litigation; 

changes
 in government policies and regulations affecting the Company or its significant customers
 or suppliers; 

employment
 regulations and local labor conditions, including increases in employment costs; 

industrial
 policies in various countries that favor domestic industries over multinationals or that
 restrict foreign companies altogether; 

longer
 payment cycles; and 

credit
 risks and other challenges in collecting accounts receivable. 

13 

The
global nature of our operations exposes us to numerous risks that could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results
of operations. 

We
serve customers in the United States and abroad, with a sales presence in over 40 countries. Sales outside of the United States are subject
to various risks that may not be present or as significant for our U.S. operations. Economic uncertainty in some of the geographic regions
in which we sell our products could result in the disruption of commerce and negatively impact cash flows from our operations in those
areas. Risks inherent in our international operations include, among others: 

COVID-19-related
 closures and other pandemic-related uncertainties in the countries in which we operate; 

Import
 and export regulations that could erode profit margins or restrict exports; 

Foreign
 exchange controls and tax rates; 

Foreign
 currency exchange rate fluctuations, including devaluations; 

Changes
 in regional and local economic conditions, including local inflationary pressures; 

Difficulty
 of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain foreign legal systems; 

Variations
 in protection of intellectual property and other legal rights; 

Inability
 or regulatory limitations on our ability to move goods across borders; 

Changes
 in laws and regulations, including the laws and policies of the United States affecting trade,
 tariffs and foreign investment; 

Restrictive
 governmental actions such as those on transfer or repatriation of funds and trade protection
 matters, including antidumping duties, tariffs, trade wars, embargoes and prohibitions or
 restrictions on acquisitions or joint ventures; 

Unsettled
 political conditions and possible terrorist attacks against U.S. or other interests; and 

Political
 tensions and armed conflict, such as the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine. 

If
we are unable to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks, it could have a material and adverse effect on our business,
our results of operations and financial condition. 

We
are the primary source for various commercial and aerospace applications in China. There is always a risk of being second sourced by
domestic manufacturers, and trade tensions or nationalizing supply chains adversely impacting our business. 

Sales
to customers located outside the U.S. accounted for approximately 14.8 and 23.8 of our revenue in the fiscal years ended March 31,
2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. Of these amounts, approximately 39.8 and 68.2 were attributable to sales to customers
located in China in the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively. We expect that revenue from international sales to China
will continue to be a significant part of our total revenue. Any weakness in the Chinese economy could result in a decrease in demand
for consumer products that contain our products, which could materially and adversely affect our business. In addition, there is a risk
that manufacturers in China may compete with us and replace us. The imposition by the U.S. of tariffs on goods imported from China, countermeasures
imposed by China in response, U.S. export restrictions on sales of products to China and other government actions
that restrict or otherwise adversely affect our ability to sell our products to Chinese customers may have a material impact on our business.
In addition, we may be subject to rules and regulations of the PRC or the jurisdiction of other governmental agencies in the PRC that
may adversely affect our rights and obligations. In the event of a dispute, we will likely be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of
foreign courts. 

Fluctuations
in exchange rates could adversely affect our business and the value of our securities. 

The
value of our securities will be indirectly affected by the foreign exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and RMB and between those currencies
and other currencies in which our sales may be denominated. Appreciation or depreciation in the value of the RMB relative to the U.S.
dollar would affect our financial results reported in U.S. dollar terms without giving effect to any underlying change in our business
or results of operations. 

To
date, we have not entered into any hedging transactions. While we may enter into hedging transactions in the future, the availability
and effectiveness of these transactions may be limited, and we may not be able to successfully hedge our exposure at all. In addition,
our foreign currency exchange losses may be magnified by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into
foreign currencies. As a result, fluctuations in exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on your investment. 

If
relations between the U.S. and China worsen, our business could be adversely affected by the trade war and investors may be unwilling
to hold or buy our stock and our stock price may decrease. 

14 

At
various times during recent years, the U.S. and China have had significant disagreements over political and economic issues. Controversies
may arise in the future between these two countries. Any political or trade controversies between the U.S. and China, whether or not
directly related to our business, could reduce the price of our common stock. These controversies also could make it more difficult for
us to sell our products to our customers in China. The international trade policies of China and the U.S. could adversely affect our
business, and the imposition of trade sanctions relating to import and export of goods, taxes, tariffs and duties and other charges on
imports from China or exports to China. Due to an increase in tariffs imposed by China on products from the U.S., some of our customers
might seek alternatives, which could have a negative impact on our sales as we mainly sell our own products to customers in China. In
order to avoid these tariffs, the market has shifted towards an uncertain era including sourcing from other countries. Our sales during
this stage may also be negatively impacted by this shift in behavior. 

Changes
in defense expenditures may reduce the Company s sales. 

Approximately
56.3 and 59.1 of the Company s net revenues for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, respectively, came
from sales to the defense market. The Company participates in a broad spectrum of defense programs. Accordingly, the Company s
sales are affected by changes in the defense budgets and policies of the U.S. government. A significant decline in U.S. government defense
expenditures for programs in which we participate could have an adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and
results of operations. U.S. government expenditures are also subject to political and budgetary fluctuations and constraints, which may
result in significant unexpected changes in levels of demand for our products. 

We
may be adversely affected by natural disasters, pandemics and other catastrophic events and by man-made problems such as terrorism that
could disrupt our business operations, and our business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not adequately protect us from a serious
disaster. 

Our
business operations are located in Brooklyn, New York and Allentown, PA. If a disaster, power outage, computer hacking, or other
event occurred that prevented us from using all or a significant portion of our facilities, that damaged critical infrastructure, such
as enterprise financial systems, IT systems, manufacturing resource planning or enterprise quality systems, or that otherwise disrupted
operations, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time. As
an example, the New York City area was significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic and, due to safety considerations for our employees
and government restrictions, including stay-at-home orders, certain of our employees worked from home for an extended period of time.
In addition, our suppliers facilities are located in locations susceptible to natural disasters or similar events, such as tornadoes,
fires, explosions or large-scale accidents or power outages, or IT threats, pandemics, acts of terrorism and other geo-political unrest,
which could severely disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results
and prospects. All of the aforementioned risks may be further increased if we do not implement a disaster recovery plan or our partners 
or manufacturers disaster recovery plans prove to be inadequate. To the extent that any of the above should result in delays in
the manufacture or distribution of our products, our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects would suffer. 

Our
business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures, cyber-attacks or a deficiency in our cyber-security. 

Despite
the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our contractors and consultants are vulnerable to
damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war, artificial intelligence related cyber-attacks,
and telecommunication and electrical failures. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusion,
including by computer hackers, foreign governments, and cyber-terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication
of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. If such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our
operations, it could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations. 

15 

Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments: 

None . 

Item
 2. 
 Properties: 

The
Company renewed its lease for its manufacturing facility located at 140 58 th Street, Suite 8E, Brooklyn, New York on December
1, 2020, and entered into a 120 month lease agreement extension, running through November 30, 2030. The lease is approximately 20,400
square feet of space, of which it is estimated that 6,000 square feet are used as executive, sales and administrative offices and 14,400
square feet are used for its manufacturing, testing and plating operations. The basic minimum annual rental payments remaining on this
lease is 2,325,237 as of March 31, 2023. 

The
Company entered into a lease on January 29, 2021 for a building at 200 Cascade Drive, Bldg. 2, Suite H, Allentown, PA 18109 running through
March 30, 2028. The lease is approximately 28,800 square feet of space, of which it is estimated that 4,800 square feet are used as executive
and administrative offices and 24,000 square feet are used for its manufacturing and testing operations. The basic minimum annual rental
payments remaining on this lease is 1,256,346 as of March 31, 2023. 

Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings: 

There
are no legal proceedings that have occurred within the past year concerning our directors, or control persons which involved a criminal
conviction, a criminal proceeding, an administrative or civil proceeding limiting one s participation in the securities or banking
industries, or a finding of securities or commodities law violations. 

On
August 17, 2022, the SEC issued an Order Instituting Administrative Proceedings and Notice of Hearing pursuant to Section 12(j)
of the Exchange Act. The stated purpose of the administrative proceeding is for the Commission to determine whether it is necessary and
appropriate for the protection of investors to suspend for a period not exceeding twelve months, or revoke the registration of each class
of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act of the Company. The Company filed an Answer in the proceeding on
October 3, 2022 and on October 13, 2022 we conducted a prehearing conference with SEC staff in the Division of Enforcement. On March
1, 2023 the SEC s Division of Enforcement filed a Motion for Summary Disposition, on March 15, 2023, IEH filed an opposition brief
to the SEC Division of Enforcement s Motion for Summary Disposition, and on March 29, 2023, the SEC s Division of Enforcement
filed a Reply in Support of its Motion for Summary Disposition. The Commission will issue a decision on the basis of the record in the
proceeding. 

Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures: 

Not
applicable. 

16 

IEH
CORPORATION 

PART
II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s
 Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities: 

Principal
Market: 

Beginning
on September 28, 2021, as a result of the SEC s amendments to Exchange Act Rule 15c2-11 which requires listed companies to be current
in their SEC periodic reports or provide alternative information, trading in the Company s shares of common stock is in accordance
with the OTC Pink Sheet No Information tier and transactions are limited to the Expert market. As a result, broker dealer
firms are not able to provide stock quotes for the Company s common stock. Persons who hold our common stock or wish to purchase
our common stock will have to contact their brokers directly in order to buy or sell shares. Prior to September 28, 2021, on March 22,
2019, the Company s shares of common stock (the common stock commenced trading exclusively on the OTCQX Marketplace.
Prior to March 22, 2019, the common stock was traded exclusively on the OTCQB Marketplace commencing on March 17, 2017. The shares are
quoted under the ticker symbol IEHC . Investors are able to view real-time quotes at http://www.otcmarkets.com. Because
we are quoted on the OTC Pink Sheet, our common stock may be less liquid, receive less coverage by security analysts and news
media, and generate lower prices than might otherwise be obtained if it were listed on a national securities exchange. 

Market
Information: 

The
range of high and low bid prices for the Company s common stock, for the periods indicated, are set forth below as reported by
the OTC Markets. The table below provides the high and low bid prices of the common stock during the periods indicated. These prices
represent quotations between dealers without adjustment for retail mark-up, markdown or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

High
 Bid 
 Low
 Bid 
 
 Fiscal Year ended March 31, 2022 

April 1, 2021 June
 30, 2021 
 18.25 
 14.99 
 
 July 1, 2021 September 30, 2021 
 16.50 
 12.00 
 
 October 1, 2021 December 31, 2021 
 12.75 
 11.95 
 
 January 1, 2022 March 31, 2022 
 12.50 
 12.00 

Fiscal Year ended March 31, 2023 

April 1, 2022 June 30, 2022 
 12.50 
 12.15 
 
 July 1, 2022 September 30, 2022 
 12.25 
 10.50 
 
 October 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 
 10.50 
 6.50 
 
 January 1, 2023 March 31, 2023 
 10.00 
 6.20 

Holders: 

The
number of record holders of the Company s common stock as of September 29, 2023 was 187. Such number of record owners was
determined from the Company s shareholder records, and does not include the beneficial owners of the Company s common stock
whose shares are held in the names of various security holders, dealers and clearing agencies. 

Dividends:

Except
for a single cash dividend declared and paid in 2017, we have never declared or paid a regular, quarterly cash dividend on our Common
Stock, and we do not expect to pay any regular, quarterly cash dividend on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. Payment of future
dividends, if any, on our Common Stock will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors after taking into account various factors,
including our financial condition, operating results, anticipated cash needs, and plans for expansion. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities: 

None. 

17 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Not
Applicable. 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations: 

Statements
contained in this report, which are not historical facts, may be considered forward-looking information with respect to plans,
projections, or future performance of the Company as defined under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those
projected. The words anticipate, believe , estimate , expect, 
 objective, and think or similar expressions used herein are intended to identify forward-looking statements.
The forward-looking statements are based on the Company s current views and assumptions and involve risks and uncertainties
that include, among other things, the performance of the Company s business, actions of competitors, changes in laws and
regulations, including accounting standards, employee relations, customer demand, prices of purchased raw materials and parts,
domestic economic conditions, and foreign economic conditions, including currency rate fluctuations. 

The
following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and related footnotes included
elsewhere in this report, which provide additional information concerning the Company s financial activities and condition. 

Overview
of Business: 

The
Company designs, develops and manufactures printed circuit board connectors and custom interconnects for high performance applications. 

All
of our connectors utilize the HYPERBOLOID contact design, a rugged, high-reliability contact system ideally suited for high-stress environments.
We believe we are the only independent producer of HYPERBOLOID printed circuit board connectors in the United States. 

Our
customers consist of OEMs (Original Equipment Manufacturers) and distributors who resell our products to OEMs. We sell our products directly
and through 22 independent sales representatives and distributors located in all regions of the United States, Canada, the European Union,
Southeast Asia, Central Asia and the Middle East. 

The
customers we service are in the Defense, Aerospace, Space, Medical, Oil and Gas, Industrial, Test Equipment and Commercial Electronics
markets. We appear on the Military Qualified Product Listing QPL MIL-DTL-55302 and supply customer requested modifications
to this specification. Our offering of QPL items has been expanded to include additional products. 

The customers we service by industry as a percentage of total revenue is provided below: 

For
 the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Industry 

Defense 
 56.3 
 59.1 
 
 Commercial
 Aerospace 
 25.7 
 14.7 
 
 Space 
 9.4 
 17.7 
 
 Other 
 8.6 
 8.5 

We
are exposed to and impacted by macroeconomic factors and U.S., state and local government policies. Current general economic conditions,
including the current levels of inflation, have created uncertainties, resulting in market volatility. We have adopted particular measures
to protect our employees at our manufacturing operations in Brooklyn, New York, and Allentown, PA, and we expect to execute on our contracts
through carefully designed arrangements. 

Worldwide
Supply Chain Disruptions 

Worldwide
supply chain disruptions, which were initially brought about by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, have persisted despite the recovery
in the global economy and financial markets. The Company has experienced longer lead times for raw materials and has experienced raw
material cost increases compared to prior fiscal years. These and other issues resulting from worldwide supply chain disruptions, including
the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, have stabilized but are expected to continue to some degree into fiscal 2024 and could continue
to have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results and financial condition. The precise financial impact
and duration, however, cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 

18 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates: 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (US GAAP)
requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements
and accompanying notes. Future events and their effects cannot be determined with absolute certainty. Therefore, the determination of
estimates requires the exercise of judgment. Actual results inevitably will differ from those estimates, and such differences may be
material to the financial statements. The most significant accounting estimates inherent in the preparation of our financial statements
include estimates associated with revenue recognition, valuation of inventories, accounting for income taxes and stock-based compensation
expense. 

Our
financial position, results of operations and cash flows are impacted by the accounting policies we have adopted. In order to get a full
understanding of our financial statements, one must have a clear understanding of the accounting policies employed. A summary of our
critical accounting policies is presented within the footnotes in the financial statements presented within this Annual Report. 

Revenue
Recognition 

Pursuant
to ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, revenue represents the amount received or receivable for goods and services supplied
by the Company to its customers. The Company recognizes revenue and the related cost of products sold when the performance obligations
are satisfied. The performance obligations are typically satisfied upon shipment of physical goods. In addition to the satisfaction of
the performance obligations, the following conditions are required for revenue recognition: an arrangement exists, there is a fixed price,
and collectability is reasonably assured. 

The
Company does not offer any discounts, credits or other sales incentives. Historically, the Company believes that it has no collection
issues with its customer base. The Company s policy with respect to customer returns and allowances as well as product warranty
is as follows: 

The
Company may accept a return of defective product within one year from shipment for repair or replacement at the Company s option.
If the product is repairable, the Company at its own cost, will repair and return it to the customer. If unrepairable, the Company will
replace the defective product with a new item. The cost of defective products is immaterial at this time. Billing terms vary by customer
and product but generally do not exceed 30 days. 

The
Company provides engineering services as part of the relationship with its customers in developing the custom product. The Company is
not obligated to provide such engineering service to its customers. The Company does not invoice its customers separately for these services. 

The
Company records a liability when receiving cash in advance of delivering goods or services to the customer. This liability is offset
against the receivable recognized when those goods or services are delivered. Deposits from customers were 20,639 and 97,885, as of
March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Valuation
of Inventories 

Raw
materials are stated at the average cost on a first-in first-out basis which does not exceed net realizable value. Finished goods and
work in process are valued at the lower of actual cost, determined on a specific identification basis, or the net realizable value of
each product. The Company estimates which materials may be obsolete and which products in work in process or finished goods may be sold
at less than cost, and adjusts their inventory value accordingly. 

Accounting
for Income Taxes 

The
Company s current provision for income taxes is based upon its estimated taxable income in each of the jurisdictions in which it
operates, after considering the impact on taxable income of temporary and permanent differences resulting from different treatment of
items for tax and financial reporting purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable
to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and
any operating loss or tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to
apply to taxable income in the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The ultimate realization
of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income in those periods in which temporary differences become
deductible. Should management determine that it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized,
a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets would be established in the period such determination was made. 

19 

Stock-Based
Compensation Expense 

Stock-based
compensation expense recognized in the statement of operations is based on options ultimately expected to vest. We chose the straight-line
method of allocating compensation cost over the requisite service period of the related award in accordance with the authoritative guidance.
The expected term of options granted to employees is calculated using the simplified method, which represents the average of the contractual
term of the option and the weighted-average vesting period of the option, which, for options granted in fiscal 2023 and 2022, resulted
in an expected term of approximately five years. We used our historical volatility to estimate expected volatility in fiscal 2023 and
2022. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yields in effect at the time of grant for periods corresponding to the
expected life of the options. The dividend yield is 0 based on the fact that we have no present intention to pay dividends. Determining
some of these assumptions requires significant judgment and changes to these assumptions could result in a significant change to the
calculation of stock-based compensation in future periods. 

Results
of Operations: 

Annual
Results of Operations 

Comparison
of the Years Ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022: 

The
following table summarizes our results of operations for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022: 

For
 the Fiscal Years Ended 
March 31, 
 Period-to-Period 

2023 
 2022 
 Change 
 
 Revenue 
 19,136,890 
 24,265,589 
 (5,128,699 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of products sold 
 18,395,865 
 19,328,249 
 (932,384 
 
 Selling, general and
 administrative 
 5,519,278 
 5,039,072 
 480,206 
 
 Depreciation
 and amortization 
 1,034,559 
 837,201 
 197,358 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 24,949,702 
 25,204,522 
 (254,820 
 
 Operating
 loss 
 (5,812,812 
 (938,933 
 (4,873,879 
 
 Other income (expense): 

Other
 income (a) 
 85,231 
 2,214,030 
 (2,128,799 
 
 Interest
 income (expense), net 
 31,037 
 391 
 30,646 
 
 Total
 other income (expense), net 
 116,268 
 2,214,421 
 (2,098,153 

(Loss) income before (provision for) benefit
 from income taxes 
 (5,696,544 
 1,275,488 
 (6,972,032 
 
 (Provision for) benefit
 from income taxes 
 (806,380 
 162,646 
 (969,026 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 (6,502,924 
 1,438,134 
 (7,941,058 

(a) 
 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, other income consists of 2,103,885
 of debt forgiveness income from the forgiveness of the PPP Loan (See Note 5 PPP Loan). 

20 

Revenue
for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 was 19,136,890, reflecting a decrease of 5,128,699, or 21.1 , as compared to 24,265,589 for
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease in revenues for fiscal year 2023 compared to fiscal year 2022 was primarily due to
a softness in orders from our defense and space customers. Our revenues continue to be negatively impacted by reduced government spending
in these sectors for programs in which we participate. The decline in defense and space customer revenue was offset somewhat by increases
in commercial aerospace revenues. We are seeing increases in commercial aerospace, generally, as consumer aviation traffic has been returning
to pre COVID-19 levels, and from the Boeing 737-Max program, in particular, as Boeing has resumed its production after having earlier
grounded the production of this aerospace program. 

Cost
of products sold for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 was 18,395,865 reflecting a decrease of 932,384, or 4.8 , as compared to
 19,328,249 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease was principally attributable to the 21.1 decrease in revenue, offset
by the increase in our cost of products sold, especially in light of declining revenues, which reflects the additional costs we have
incurred in staffing the Pennsylvania location, the costs of maintaining
our highly trained labor force through periods of reduced production and the impacts of inflation. 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 was 5,519,278, reflecting an increase of 480,206, or 9.5 ,
as compared to 5,039,072 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in legal and
accounting fees of 701,917 partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation expense of 383,083. 

Depreciation
and amortization for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 was 1,034,559, reflecting an increase of 197,358, or 23.6 , as compared to
 837,201 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The increase was principally attributable to an increase in capitalized leasehold
improvements related to our new Pennsylvania facility, as well as increases in capitalized molds and dies for new products. 

Total
other income (expense) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 was income of 116,268, reflecting a decrease of 2,098,153, as compared
to income of 2,214,421 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease was primarily attributable to the debt forgiveness income
recognized from the forgiveness of the PPP loan of 2,103,885 in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. 

(Provision
for) benefit from income taxes for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 was a provision of 806,380, as compared to a benefit of 162,646
for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The change was primarily attributable to fully impairing the deferred income tax assets, net. During
the three months ended June 30, 2022, we determined to record a full valuation allowance on our deferred income tax assets, net. As such,
during the three months ended June 30, 2022, we recorded a full valuation allowance for the opening period deferred income tax asset,
net and then beginning on June 30, 2022, recorded an adjustment to fully impair any increase in the deferred income tax asset, net. As
such, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the effect of recording a full valuation allowance resulted in an income tax provision
of 806,380. 

21 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources: 

Our
primary requirements for liquidity and capital are working capital, inventory, capital expenditures, public company costs and general
corporate needs. We expect these needs to continue as we further develop and grow our business. For the year ended March 31, 2023, our
primary sources of liquidity came from existing cash. Based on our current plans and business conditions, we believe that existing cash,
together with cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our anticipated cash requirements, and we are not aware of
any trends or demands, commitments, events or uncertainties that are reasonably likely to result in a decrease in liquidity of our assets.
We may require additional capital to respond to technological advancements, competitive dynamics or technologies, business opportunities,
challenges, acquisitions or unforeseen circumstances and in either the short-term or long-term may determine to engage in equity or debt
financings or enter into credit facilities for other reasons. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory
to us, when we require it, our ability to continue to grow or support our business and to respond to business challenges could be significantly
limited. In particular, inflationary pressures and interest rates, the 2023 banking crisis and the conflict between Russia and Ukraine
have resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant disruption and volatility in the global financial markets, reducing our
ability to access capital. If we are unable to raise additional funds when or on the terms desired, our business, financial condition
and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

As
of March 31, 2023, our cash balance was 8,344,706. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, we recorded a net loss of 6,502,924. As
of March 31, 2023, we had working capital of 20,303,090. 

Our
principal source of liquidity is cash flows generated by operating activities and cash reserves. 

Cash
Flow Activities for the Years Ended March 31, 2023 Compared to the Year Ended March 31, 2022 

The
following table summarizes our cash flow activities for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022: 

For
 the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 
 Period-to-Period 

2023 
 2022 
 Change 

Cash flow (used in) provided by 

Operating
 activities 
 (3,785,051 
 1,414,493 
 (5,199,544 
 
 Investing
 activities 
 (545,514 
 (2,646,764 
 2,101,250 
 
 Decrease in cash and cash
 equivalents 
 (4,330,565 
 (1,232,271 
 (3,098,294 

Net
cash (used in) provided by operating activities was 3,785,051) for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, a decrease of 5,199,544,
as compared to 1,414,493 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The period over period decrease in cash from operating activities
of 5,199,544 was primarily due to the decrease in net (loss) income of 7,941,058 (as adjusted for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022
non-cash gain of 2,103,885 on forgiveness of debt, a decrease in net income (loss) of 5,837,173), offset principally by the non-cash
charge to fully impair the deferred income tax asset, net. 

Net
cash used in investing activities was 545,514 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, a decrease of 2,101,250, as compared to a use
of 2,646,764 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease in cash used in investing activities during the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2023 was due to a reduction in purchases of leasehold improvement related to our new Pennsylvania facility. 

There
were no financing activities during either fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 or 2022. 

22 

PPP
Loan and Note 

On
April 13, 2020, the Company entered into an unsecured note (the PPP Note evidencing an unsecured loan PPP Loan in the principal amount of 2,103,885 pursuant to the Payment Protection Program PPP under the Coronavirus Aid Relief
and Economic Security Act CARES Act ). 

On
April 21, 2021, the Company received notice that the PPP Loan was forgiven. The Company recorded the forgiveness of the principal balance
of 2,103,885 as debt forgiveness income in the quarter ended June 30, 2021. 

Backlog
of Orders 

Our
customers typically enter into supply arrangements for the purchase of our products which we will produce and deliver over time. On an
as-needed basis, our customers place specific production orders, and these orders are generally filled and shipped within twelve weeks.
Our backlog consists of supply arrangements where the anticipated unfulfilled shipping dates are within approximately twelve months.
Because of the possibility of customer changes in delivery schedules or the cancellation of orders, our backlog as of any particular
date may not be indicative of revenue in any future period. The backlog amounted to approximately 13,724,000 at March 31, 2023 as compared
to 7,909,000 at March 31, 2022. The increase in total backlog as of March 31, 2023 compared with the previous years is primarily due
to increases in aerospace and defense customer demand, driven in large part by the recovery of commercial aviation after the earlier
grounding of the Boeing 737 Max jet and the impact of COVID-19, as well as increases in orders from our defense customers. 

A
portion of these backlog orders are subject to cancellation or postponement of delivery dates and, therefore, no assurance can be given
that actual sales will result from these orders. The Company does not foresee any problems which would prevent it from fulfilling these
orders. 

Inflation 

In
the opinion of management, inflation has begun to impact the costs of our operations and depending upon the current duration and degree
of higher inflation levels, is expected to have an impact upon our operations in the future. Management will continue to monitor inflation
and evaluate the possible future effects of inflation on our business and operations. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
 Risk 

Not
required. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

See
our audited Financial Statements for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 which follows Item 16 of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on
 Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

23 

Item
 9A. Controls and Procedures 

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in paragraph (e) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act) designed
to ensure that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified under the rules and forms of the SEC. Disclosure controls and procedures include,
without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures.
As required by paragraph (b) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive
officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer) carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2023. 

Management
has used the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control Integrated Framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), known as COSO, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting. The following material weaknesses have been identified: 

Certain
 of the Company s controls associated with reconciliations of inventory and cost of
 products sold were not operating effectively. These deficiencies, combined with inadequate
 compensating review controls represent a material weakness in the Company s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

The
 Company has not established an effective control environment due to the ineffective design
 and implementation of Information Technology General Controls ITGC ). The Company s
 ITGC deficiencies included improperly designed controls pertaining to user access rights
 over systems that are critical to the Company s system of financial reporting. The
 ITGC deficiencies, combined with a lack of properly designed management review controls to
 compensate for these deficiencies, represent a material weakness in the Company s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

As
of March 31, 2023, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal over financial reporting and
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective based upon the identified material weaknesses noted above. 

Management
is actively engaged in the planning for and implementation of remediation efforts to address the identified material weaknesses. The
remediation plan includes (i) the engaging of additional experienced financial resources, (ii) the development and implementation of
enhanced controls designed to evaluate the appropriateness of policies and procedures, (iii) the implementation of review and monitoring
of transactions to ensure compliance with the new policies and procedures, (iv) improvements in the design and implementation of enhanced
monitoring of ITGC controls, and (v) the enhanced training of personnel. 

(b)
Management s Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by, or under
the supervision of, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, and effected by our Board of Directors, management
and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

Internal
control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving their objectives. Internal control over financial reporting
is a process that involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses in judgement and breakdowns resulting from human failures.
Due to their inherent limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by
internal control over financial reporting. It is possible to design safeguards to reduce, but not eliminate, this risk. Management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for our company. 

24 

Mitigation
Steps 

In
order to address the material weaknesses stated above, Management undertook the following mitigation steps: 

hiring
 and/or engagement of additional qualified resources; 

the
 implementation of new controls designed to enhance the monthly and quarterly financial close
 process; 

the
 implementation of additional review and monitoring of transactions to ensure compliance with
 the new policies and procedures; 

the
 implementation of improvements in the design and implementation of enhanced monitoring of
 ITGC controls; 

the
 training of personnel responsible for preparation and review of financial information. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements or fraud. Any control
system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that its objectives will be met. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to SEC rules, which
permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures
or internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all errors or all instances of fraud. A control system, no matter how well
designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further,
the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered
relative to their costs. Because of its inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

(c)
Changes in Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

Except
as described above, there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Exchange Act) identified in connection with the evaluation of our internal controls that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended
March 31, 2023 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal controls over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
Applicable. 

25 

IEH
CORPORATION 

PART
III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Executive
Officers and Directors 

As
of March 31, 2023, the executive officers and directors of the Company are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Office 
 
 Class 
 
 David Offerman 
 
 48 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors, President and Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 II 

William H. Craig 
 
 67 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Mr. Craig resigned
 effective May 17, 2023) (1) 

Allen Gottlieb 
 
 81 
 
 Director 
 
 II 

Gerald E. Chafetz 
 
 79 
 
 Director 
 
 II 

Eric C. Hugel 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 I 

Sonia Marciano 
 
 60 
 
 Director (Ms. Marciano resigned effective July 31,
 2023) (2) 
 
 I 

Michael E. Rosenfeld 
 
 39 
 
 Director 
 
 I 

(1) 
 Effective
 May 19, 2023, Subrata Purkayastha was appointed to the positions of Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. 

(2) 
 Effective
 August 1, 2023, John P. Spiezio was elected to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of Dr. Sonia Marciano. 

IEH s
Certificate of Incorporation provides that the directors of the Company are to be elected in two (2) classes; each class to be elected
to a staggered two (2) year term and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. As of March 31, 2023, the Board of Directors
consisted of six (6) members divided into two classes with three Class I Members (Mr. Hugel, Ms. Marciano and Mr. Rosenfeld) and three
Class II Members (Mr. David Offerman, Mr. Gottlieb and Mr. Chafetz). Effective August 1, 2023, John P. Spiezio was elected to fill the
vacancy created by the resignation of Dr. Sonia Marciano. All officers are elected by and serve at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

David
Offerman . On March 26, 2017, Mr. Offerman was elected to the positions of Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer.
David succeeded his late father, Michael Offerman, who passed away on March 24, 2017. David Offerman has been a member of IEH s
Board of Directors since July 15, 2016. Prior to March 24, 2017, he was the Vice President Sales and Marketing of the Company.
He joined the Company in September 2004 as the National Sales Manager and was appointed to Vice President Sales and Marketing
in April 2011. Prior to joining IEH, Mr. Offerman worked as an account executive and sales manager in the telecommunication industry. 

Mr.
Offerman graduated from the University of Michigan in 1997 with a Bachelor of Arts in film and communications. In 2016, he received an
MBA from the NYU Stern School of Business with a concentration in leadership and management. We believe Mr. Offerman s expertise
in manufacturing, sales and strategy along with his extensive experience, qualifications, attributes and skills make him well qualified
to serve as a director of our Company. 

26 

William
H. Craig. On August 27, 2020, the Company appointed William H. Craig as its Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. His appointment
became effective on the next business day following the Company filing its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March
31, 2020 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and upon the official retirement date of the then current Chief Financial Officer
and Treasurer, Robert Knoth. From March 2012 to March 2020, Mr. Craig served as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of
Tarantin Industries, Inc., a family owned industrial distributor based in Freehold, NJ with operations in the eastern third of the U.S.
From October 2007 to September 2011, Mr. Craig served as Chief Financial Officer of Fifth Street Capital, Inc., an externally managed
closed end non-diversified Regulated Investment Company operating as a Business Development Company and based in White Plains, NY. From
March 2005 to September 2007, he was the executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Vital Signs, Inc., a medical device
manufacturer based in the United States with global operations. Vital Signs, headquartered in Totowa, NJ, is a NASDAQ listed company
(VITL). From 1999 to 2004, Mr. Craig served as the Executive Vice President of Finance and Administration and Chief Financial Officer
of Matheson Tri- Gas, Inc., an industrial specialty gas company with global operations including 20 significant plants in the U.S., nearly
100 retail outlets and production/marketing joint ventures in Europe and Asia. From 1997 to 1999, he served as Executive Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of Empire of Carolina, an AMEX-listed consumer products company. 

On
September 21, 2022, the Company entered into a new employment agreement with Mr. Craig effective as of July 1, 2022 and such agreement
would have expired on June 30, 2027. Mr. Craig resigned his employment with the Company, effective May 17, 2023. 

Subrata
Purkayastha. On May 19, 2023, the Company appointed Subrata Purkayastha as its Interim Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. Ms.
Purkayastha s appointment became effective on May 19, 2023. Ms. Purkayastha has served as Controller of the Company since November
2021. Prior to joining the Company, from January 2019 to May 2021, Ms. Purkayastha served as Controller of Sprouts Foods, Inc., a producer
and distributor of premium organic foods intended for babies and toddlers. From July 2017 to January 2019, Ms. Purkayastha served as
Accounting Manager at Sprouts Foods, Inc. where she provided timely and accurate financial reporting to the Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer and private equity partners. Prior to Sprout Foods Inc., from July 2015 to June 2017, Ms. Purkayastha served
as Accounting Manager of Champions Oncology, Inc., a publicly-traded company engaged in the development of advanced technology solutions
and services to personalize the development of oncology drug development. Ms. Purkayastha holds a Bachelor of Science in Accounting from
Carson-Newman University in Jefferson City, Tennessee and also received a Masters in Arts degree with a focus in International Banking
and Finance from Fordham University. Ms. Purkayastha is also a Certified Public Accountant. 

Effective
on June 1, 2023, the Company entered into a new employment agreement with Ms. Purkayastha and such agreement expires on November 30,
2023. 

Allen Gottlieb . Mr. Gottlieb has been a board member since 1992. He has a BS from NYU in Accounting and Finance, and an LL.B.
and JD from Brooklyn Law School. He currently operates his own firm specializing in Labor Relations and Human Resources consulting. He
also has extensive entrepreneurial experience in manufacturing, distribution, logistics, and hospitality, in both domestic and international
markets. The company believes that his broad experience as well as his knowledge of IEH qualifies him to serve as a director of our Company. 

Gerald
Chafetz . Mr. Chafetz has been a member of the Company s Board of Directors since 2009. He is President of GEC Enterprises,
LLC since 2011. GEC Enterprises, LLC is a property management company headquartered in Rockville Centre, New York. He was previously
President of Capitol City Companies. Prior to founding Capitol City Companies, he had an extended 22-year executive career in the textile
industry with several knitwear and high fashion manufacturers, including Arista Knitwear, Berwick Fashion Knitwear and Beged-or Knitwear.
Mr. Chafetz graduated from the University of Hartford in 1965 with a Bachelor of Science degree in business. We believe Mr. Chafetz s
expertise in executive management and manufacturing along with his extensive experience, qualifications, attributes and skills make him
well qualified to serve as a director of our Company. 

Eric
C. Hugel, CPA, CFA. Eric C. Hugel has been a member of IEH s Board of Directors since July 15, 2016. Since May 2023, he has
served as the Chief Financial Officer of Americraft Marine Group LLC, a company with the mission to support and strengthen the U.S. shipbuilding
industry and infrastructure. From July 2014 to May 2023, Mr. Hugel served as the Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
of Hugel Corporation, an online retailer. From March 2013 to February 2014, Mr. Hugel held the position of Senior Institutional Specialist
in U.S. Fundamental Equity Research Analyst at McGraw Hill Financial S P Capital IQ providing investment advisory services.
In particular he provided research and analysis in the U.S. aerospace and defense and industrial conglomerates sectors. From July 2002
through June 2012 he was a managing director at Stephens Inc. providing investment research and analytical services in the U.S. aerospace
and defenses sectors. Mr. Hugel graduated from Lehigh University in 1993 with a Bachelor of Science in accounting. We believe Mr. Hugel s
expertise in manufacturing in the aerospace industry and finance along with his extensive experience, qualifications, attributes and
skills make him well qualified to serve as a director of our Company. 

27 

Dr.
Sonia Marciano. Dr. Sonia Marciano was a member of IEH s Board of Directors from July 15, 2016 until July 31, 2023. She is
a clinical professor at the NYU Stern School of Business since July 2007 where she teaches courses and manages academic programs. She
graduated from the University of Chicago in 1984 with a Bachelor of Arts degree. In 2000, Dr. Marciano received from the University of
Chicago her MBA in Economics and Finance and her PhD in Business Economics. We believe Dr. Marciano s expertise in corporate strategy
along with her extensive experience, qualifications, attributes and skills made her well qualified to serve as a director of our Company. 

Dr.
Marciano resigned from the Company s Board of Directors, effective July 31, 2023. 

Michael
E. Rosenfeld has been a member of the Company s Board of Directors since 2018. He is a co-founder, Principal, and Chief Operating
Officer of Olive Tree Holdings, a mission driven private investment company headquartered in New York City, Atlanta, and Houston specializing
in the acquisition, management and transformation of multifamily communities across dynamically growing markets within the U.S. With
vertically integrated asset management, property management, construction, technology, and marketing services, Olive Tree Holdings devises
360-degree business plans to dramatically increase the value of its invested assets while creating a higher standard of living for its
residents. To date, the firm has a lifetime portfolio value of 2 billion, has acquired and transformed 16,000 units of workforce and
affordable housing across 8 states. From 2013-2016 he was Vice President and Chief of Staff at Bert E. Brodsky Associates, Inc.,
a private investment firm with a diverse portfolio of companies across several industries. Prior to that from 2006-2013, he served as
Vice President of Business Development of Mobile Health Management Services, Inc., a subsidiary of Bert Brodsky Associates, Inc.
Mr. Rosenfeld received his Bachelor of Arts in Political Science from Emory University in 2006, and his Master of Business Administration
(MBA) in Corporate Finance from the New York University Stern School of Business in 2016. We believe Mr. Rosenfeld s expertise
in finance and accounting along with his extensive experience, qualifications, attributes and skills make him well qualified to serve
as a director of our Company. 

John
P. Spiezio, appointed on August 1, 2023, has extensive experience in the aerospace and defense industries. After studying Economics,
Computer Science, and Mathematics at Marquette University, he returned to New York and began his 33-year career as the third-generation
leader at Hicksville Machine Works, Inc. HMW ), a supplier to prime aerospace defense contractors throughout North
America and Europe as well as the Department of Defense directly. Over that time he gained extensive experience in operations, business
development, and governance of a business operating in this specialized industry. After HMW was sold in 2019, Mr. Spiezio worked, from
March 2019 to April 2021, for a private equity firm engaged in building a vertically integrated company that could produce and supply
entire integrated systems to the aerospace and defense industries. Mr. Spiezio serves on the corporate boards of MicroMetl Corporation
and GRC Reality. Mr. Spiezio is also currently the Chairman of ADDAPT, an industry group focused on defense and aerospace suppliers based
in New York State. 

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company s directors and officers and persons who own, directly or indirectly, more than
10 of a registered class of the Company s common stock, to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes
in ownership of our common stock. 

Officers,
directors and greater than 10 shareholders are required to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) reports that they file.
Based solely on review of the copies of such reports received by the Company, the Company believes that filing requirements applicable
to officers, directors and 10 shareholders were complied with during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 

Director
Independence; Meetings of Directors; Corporate Governance; Committees of the Board 

Our
Board of Directors currently consists of six individuals. Five of our directors are independent as defined in the Marketplace
Rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, our Board of Directors held six meetings, the Audit Committee
met on one occasion to discuss the Company s progress in preparing its updated Form 10-K and 10-Qs, and the Compensation Committee
met on one occasion. 

During
the fiscal year ended March 29, 2019, our Board of Directors approved the formation of an audit committee and a compensation committee,
and each committee would initially have three (3) members consisting of independent directors. The Board nominated the following directors
to each such committee: (i) Audit Committee Eric Hugel (Chair), Allen Gottlieb and Michael E. Rosenfeld; and (ii) Compensation
Committee Gerald Chafetz (Chair), Michael E. Rosenfeld and Dr. Sonia Marciano. Each of these Board committees has a written charter
approved by the Board of Directors. Each of the charters of these Board committees is available on the Company s website, www.iehcorp.com
(click on Investors , then on Corporate Governance . 

28 

For
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, a general description of the duties of the committees were as follows: 

Audit
Committee. Our Audit Committee acts to: (i) review with management the finances, financial condition and interim financial statements
of the Company; (ii) review with our independent registered public accounting firm the quarterly and year-end financial statements;
(iii) review implementation with the independent registered public accounting firm and management any action recommended by the
independent registered public accounting firm; and (iv) engage, retain and terminate our independent registered public accounting
firm. Mr. Hugel, the Chair of the Audit Committee was also designated as our Audit Committee Financial Expert. On August 1, 2023, the
board appointed Mr. John P. Speizio to its Audit Committee. 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, all of the members of our Audit Committee were independent within the definition
of that term as provided by NASDAQ rules. 

Compensation
Committee. The Compensation Committee acts to: (i) review, approve and administer compensation arrangements for our executive officers;
(ii) administer our equity-based compensation plans, (iii) establish and review general policies relating to the compensation and benefits
of our executive officers and other personnel, (iv) evaluate the relationship between executive officer compensation policies and practices
and corporate risk management to confirm those policies and practices do not incentivize excessive risk-taking, and (iv) evaluate and
make recommendations to our Board of Directors regarding the compensation of our non-employee directors. 

Security
holder recommendations of director nominees. The Board did not adopt any modifications to the procedures by which security holders
may recommend nominees to its Board of Directors. 

Code
of Ethics . The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics, which has been made available on its website https://www.iehcorp.com/ethics-code 

29 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The
following table sets forth below the summary compensation paid or accrued by the Company during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023
and March 31, 2022, respectively, for the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer: 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 

Salary ) (1) 

Bonus ) (2) 

Option Awards ) 

All Other Compensation ) (3) 

Total ) 

David Offerman 
 
 2023 

474,000 

75,000 

- 

- 

549,000 

Chief Executive Officer, President 
 
 2022 

459,868 

- 

- 

1,731 

461,599 

William H. Craig (4) 
 
 2023 

245,000 

- 

- 

- 

245,000 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2022 

237,002 

- 

- 

865 

237,867 

(1) 
 Amounts reported in this
 column reflect the base salaries earned during the applicable year. 

(2) 
 Amounts reported in this
 column are related to the Cash Bonus Plan that was adopted in 1987. 

(3) 
 Amounts reported in this
 column are related to COVID-19 benefit payments. 

(4) 
 Mr. Craig resigned his
 employment with the Company, effective May 17, 2023. 

David
Offerman Employment Agreement 

On
July 29, 2019, IEH entered into an employment agreement with David Offerman, its Chief Executive Officer and President. The employment
agreement with Mr. Offerman is effective as of July 29, 2019 and will expire on December 31, 2024. Under the employment agreement, Mr.
Offerman receives a base salary of 395,000 per annum and is eligible to receive an annual bonus of up to 100 of base salary for each
fiscal year of employment based on performance targets and other key objectives established by the Compensation Committee of the Board
of Directors. 

During
the term of the employment agreement, he is also eligible to receive equity or performance awards pursuant to any long-term incentive
compensation plan adopted by the Compensation Committee. 

In
the event of the termination of Mr. Offerman s employment by us without cause or by him for good reason ,
as such terms are defined in the employment agreement, he would be entitled to: (a) a severance payment of 36 months of base salary;
(b) continued participation in our health and welfare plans for up to 24 months; and (c) all accrued but unpaid compensation. Further,
under the employment agreement, if within the three (3) year period of a change in control (as defined in the employment
agreement) either Mr. Offerman s employment is terminated, or his title, position or responsibilities are materially reduced and
he terminates his employment, the Company shall pay and/or provide to him substantially the same compensation and benefits as if his
termination was without cause or for good reason , subject to limitation to avoid the imposition of the excise
tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code if such payments would constitute
an excess parachute payment as defined in Section 280G of the Code. Pursuant to the employment agreement, Mr. Offerman
is subject to customary confidentiality, non-solicitation of employees and non-competition obligations that survive the termination of
such agreement. 

30 

William
H. Craig Employment Agreement 

On
August 27, 2020, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Craig. Pursuant to the agreement, Mr. Craig s appointment
as its Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer became effective on the next business day following the Company filing its Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2020 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and upon the official retirement
date of the then current Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Robert Knoth Effective Date ). From June 24, 2020 and up
to the Effective Date, Mr. Craig served as a consultant to the Company. Under the initial agreement, Mr. Craig received a base salary
of 225,000 per annum. 

On
September 21, 2022, the Company entered into a new employment agreement with Mr. Craig. The new employment agreement with Mr. Craig was
effective as of July 1, 2022 and would have expired on June 30, 2027. Under the new employment agreement, Mr. Craig was to continue to
serve as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of IEH and receive a base salary of 247,200 per annum and be eligible to receive
an annual bonus for each fiscal year of employment based on performance targets and other key objectives established by the Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company. During the term of the agreement, Mr. Craig was also eligible to receive equity or
performance awards pursuant to any long-term incentive compensation plan adopted by the Committee or the Board of Directors. Mr. Craig
was also able to receive cash bonuses in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors for each fiscal
year of employment and based on performance targets and other key objectives established by the Compensation Committee. The new agreement
further provided for the payment of severance pay and continued participation in health and welfare plans for up to 24 months in the
case of termination without cause or a change of control of the company. Mr. Craig is subject to customary confidentiality and non-compete
obligations that survive the termination of the agreement. Mr. Craig resigned his employment with the Company, effective May 17, 2023. 

Subrata
Purkayastha Employment Agreement 

On
June 1, 2023, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Ms. Purkayastha to serve as the Company s Interim Chief Financial
Officer and Treasurer. 

The
employment agreement with Ms. Purkayastha was effective as of June 1, 2023 and will expire on November 30, 2023. Under the employment
agreement, Ms. Purkayastha will receive a base salary of 200,000 per annum and be eligible to receive a bonus based on performance targets
and other key objectives established by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company. The agreement further provides
for the payment of severance pay and continued participation in health and welfare plans for up to 6 months in the case of termination
without cause. Ms. Purkayastha is subject to customary confidentiality and non-compete obligations that survive the termination of the
agreement. 

Cash
Bonus Plan 

In
1987, the Company adopted a cash bonus plan (the Cash Bonus Plan for non-union, management and administration staff. Unless
otherwise approved by the Company s Board of Directors, contributions to the Cash Bonus Plan are made by the Company only when
the Company is profitable for the fiscal year. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company s accrued bonus was 354,250 and 408,000,
respectively. Bonus expense recorded for each of the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 was 82,901 and 402,000, respectively. The
Company paid the bonus earned during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 of 354,250 in June 2023 and the bonus earned during the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2022 of 137,750, in June 2022, respectively. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, the Company determined
that bonuses accrued for the senior leadership team for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 in the amount of 270,250 were reversed
and not paid. 

Stock
Option Plans 

On
November 18, 2020, the Board of Directors approved the Company s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan for submission
to shareholders at the next Annual Meeting. On December 16, 2020, the Company s stockholders approved the adoption of the 2020
Plan, which provides for options and restricted stock awards to purchase up to 750,000 shares of Common Stock to award in the future
as employee incentive compensation to employees, management and directors of the Company. 

Options
granted to employees under the 2020 Plan may be designated as options which qualify for incentive stock option treatment under Section
422A of the Internal Revenue Code, or options which do not qualify (non-qualified stock options). 

Under
the 2020 Plan, the exercise price of an option designated as an incentive stock option shall not be less than the fair market value of
the Company s common stock on the day the option is granted. In the event an option designated as an incentive stock option is
granted to a ten percent (10 shareholder, such exercise price shall be at least 110 percent (110 of the fair market value or the
Company s common stock and the option must not be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the day of the grant. The
2020 Plan also provides that holders of options that wish to pay for the exercise price of their options with shares of the Company s
common stock must have beneficially owned such stock for at least nine months prior to the exercise date. 

Exercise
prices of non-incentive stock options not may be less than the fair market value of the Company s common stock. The aggregate fair
market value of shares subject to options granted to a participants(s), which are designated as incentive stock options, and which become
exercisable in any calendar year, shall not exceed 100,000. 

31 

Outstanding
Equity Awards as of March 31, 2023 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding outstanding equity awards granted to our named executive officers that remain
outstanding as of March 31, 2023. 

Option
 Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Un-exercisable 
 Option 
 Exercise Price 
 Option 
 Expiration Date 
 
 David
 Offerman 
 46,217 
 - 
 6.00 
 7/1/2025 

225,000 
 - 
 20.00 
 7/29/2029 
 
 William
 H. Craig (1) 
 50,000 
 - 
 15.10 
 10/9/2030 

(1) 
 William
 Craig resigned effective May 17, 2023. These options were forfeited by William Craig on August 15, 2023. 

Non-Employee
Director Equity Awards 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding outstanding equity awards granted to our non-employee directors that remain
outstanding as of March 31, 2023. 

Option
 Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number
 of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable 
 Number
of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Un-exercisable 
 Option 
 Exercise Price 
 Option 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Allen
 Gottlieb 
 - 
 - 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 
 Gerald
 E. Chafetz 
 4,000 
 - 
 6.00 
 7/1/2025 
 
 Eric
 C. Hugel 
 5,000 
 - 
 5.30 
 8/15/2026 
 
 Sonia
 Marciano (1) 
 5,000 
 - 
 5.30 
 8/15/2026 
 
 Michael
 E. Rosenfeld 
 5,000 
 - 
 12.75 
 10/27/2028 

(1) 
 Sonia
 Marciano resigned effective July 31, 2023. These options will be forfeited by Sonia Marciano on October 31, 2023. 

Non-Employee
Director Compensation 

The
following table sets forth the compensation (cash and equity) received by our non-employee directors during the fiscal year ended March
31, 2023. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or 
 Paid in Cash 
 Option 
 Awards 
 Total 
 
 Allen
 Gottlieb. 
 10,000 
 
 10,000 
 
 Gerald
 E. Chafetz 
 12,500 
 
 12,500 
 
 Eric
 C. Hugel 
 12,500 
 
 12,500 
 
 Sonia
 Marciano. 
 10,000 
 
 10,000 
 
 Michael
 E. Rosenfeld 
 15,000 
 
 15,000 

Through
March 31, 2023, non-executive directors were compensated through an annual director fee of 5,000, payable quarterly. Each director also
received an annual fee of 5,000 for service on each committee, payable quarterly. The chairman of each committee received an additional
annual fee of 2,500, payable quarterly. 

Effective
after March 31, 2023, non-executive directors were compensated through an annual director fee of 10,000, payable quarterly. Each director
shall also receive an annual fee of 5,000 for service on each committee, payable quarterly. The chairman of each committee shall receive
an additional annual fee of 2,500, payable quarterly. 

32 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
following table sets forth certain information as of October 6, 2023 with respect to: (i) the persons (including any group 
as that term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent
(5 of any class of the Company s voting securities; (ii) each Named Executive Officer and Director who owns common stock in the
Company; and (iii) all Executive Officers and Directors as a group. As of October 6, 2023, there were 2,370,251 shares of common stock
issued and outstanding. The figures stated below are based upon Schedule 13Ds, Schedule 13D/As, Form 3s and Form 4s filed with the SEC
by the named persons. 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the ownership of our common stock as of October 6, 2023 by: 

each person or entity known by us to be beneficial
 owners of more than five percent of our common stock; 

each
 of our directors; 

each
 of our named executive officers; and 

all
 of our executive officers and directors as a group. 

We
have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Under these rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares
of common stock as to which the individual or entity has sole or shared voting power or investment power. In computing the number of
shares beneficially owned by an individual or entity and the percentage ownership of that person, shares of common stock subject to options
held by such person that are currently exercisable or will become exercisable within 60 days of October 6, 2023 are considered outstanding,
although these shares are not considered outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o IEH Corporation, 140 58 th Street,
Brooklyn, NY 11220. 

Each
of the stockholders listed has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned by the stockholder unless
noted otherwise, subject to community property laws where applicable. 

Beneficial
 Ownership 
 
 Beneficial
 Owner 
 Number of 
 Shares 
 Percent of 
 Total 
 
 Greater
 than 5 Stockholders 

David
 Offerman (1) 
 676,665 
 25.6 
 
 Gail
 Offerman (2) 
 499,606 
 21.1 
 
 Zeff
 Capital LP (3) 
 232,862 
 9.8 
 
 Cove
 Street Capital, LLC (4) 
 136,349 
 5.8 
 
 Directors
 and Named Executive Officers 

David
 Offerman (1) 
 676,665 
 25.6 
 
 Subrata
 Purkayastha (5) 
 10,000 

Gerald
 E. Chafetz (6) 
 9,000 

Allen
 Gottlieb (7) 
 5,000 

Michael
 E. Rosenfeld (8) 
 10,000 

Eric
 Hugel (9) 
 10,000 

John
 P. Spiezio (elected as a Director effective August 1, 2023) (10) 
 5,000 

All
 executive officers and directors as a group (7 persons) 
 725,665 
 27.0 

Denotes
 ownership percentage of less than 1 . 

33 

All
shares set forth above are owned directly by the named individual unless otherwise stated. 

(1) 
 Owns vested options to purchase 270,217 shares of common
 stock. 

(2) 
 Based on a Form 4 dated September 21, 2021 filed by
 the reporting person. The address of the principal business office of each of the reporting persons is 27110 Grand Central Parkway,
 APT. 10-V, Floral Park, NY 11005. 

(3) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G dated January 4, 2022 filed
 by the reporting person. The address of the principal business office of each of the reporting persons is 400 S. McCadden Pl., Los
 Angeles, CA 90020. 

(4) 
 Based on a Schedule 13D dated May 16, 2023 filed by
 the reporting person. The address of the principal business office of each of the reporting persons is 525 South Douglas Street,
 Suite 225, El Segundo, California, 90245. 

(5) 
 Owns vested options to purchase 10,000 shares of common
 stock. 

(6) 
 Owns vested options to purchase 9,000 shares of common
 stock. 

(7) 
 Owns vested options to purchase 5,000 shares of common
 stock. 

(8) 
 Owns vested options to purchase 10,000 shares of common
 stock. 

(9) 
 Owns vested options to purchase 10,000 shares of common
 stock. 

(10) 
 Owns vested options to purchase 5,000 shares of common
 stock. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

The
following table provides information as of March 31, 2023, regarding shares of common stock that may be issued under the Company s
equity compensation plans (the Equity Plan ). Information is included for both equity compensation plans approved by the Company s
stockholders and not approved by the Company s stockholders. 

Plan Category 
 (a) 
Number of 
 securities 
 to be issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants 
 and rights 
 (b) 
Weighted- 
average 
 exercise 
price of 
 outstanding 
 options, 
 warrants 
 and rights 
 (c) 
Number of securities 
 remaining available 
 for future issuance under equity 
 compensation plans 
 (excluding securities 
 reflected in 
 column (a)) 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 
 467,217 
 14.72 
 730,000 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 467,217 
 14.72 
 730,000 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
 and Director Independence 

Other
than the employment terms for its executive officers as described elsewhere in this Form 10-K, and as described below, there have been
no related party transactions that are required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404. Messrs. Gottlieb, Chafetz, Hugel, Rosenfeld, Spiezio,
and Ms. Marciano are deemed independent directors of the Company pursuant to the SEC rules and regulations. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

On
June 29, 2023, the Board of Directors engaged Marcum LLP Marcum LLP (PCAOB ID: as the independent auditor of IEH
for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 

Audit
Fees . During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, IEH audit fees were 386,000 and 142,500 to Marcum LLP for fees related
to the audit of its financial statements, respectively. 

Audit
Related Fees. During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, 0 and 0 were paid. 

Tax
Fees . During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, 10,558 and 8,250 were paid for tax related services, respectively. 

All
Other Fees. During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, IEH did not pay any other fees for services to its
independent auditor. 

The
Board of Directors has determined that the services provided by Marcum LLP and the fees paid to it for such services during the fiscal
years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, have not compromised the independence of Marcum LLP and has been approved by the Audit Committee. 

34 

IEH
CORPORATION 

PART
IV 

Item
 15. Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) Documents
 filed as part of this report. 

1. The following
 financial statements of IEH Corporation and Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm,
 are included in this report: 

Page 
Number 
 
 Independent Auditors Report Marcum LLP 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F-6 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-8 

2. List of financial
 statement schedules: 

All
schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes
thereto. 

35 

3. List of Exhibits
 required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. See part (b) below. 

(b)
Exhibits 

The
exhibits filed as part of this annual Report on Form 10-K are set forth on the Exhibit Index, which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein
by reference. 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate
 of Incorporation of the Company (filed as Exhibit C-4 to Current Report on Form 8-K, dated February 27, 1991). 

3.2 
 
 By-Laws of the Company
 (filed as Exhibit 3.2 on Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended March 27, 1994). 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate
 of the Company (filed as Exhibit 4.1 on Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended March 27, 1994). 

4.2 
 
 Description of Securities (filed as Exhibit 4.2 on Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022). 

10.1( 
 
 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (filed as Exhibit A to definitive Proxy Statement dated August 31, 2011). 

10.2( 
 
 2020 Equity Stock Based Compensation Plan (filed as Annex A to definitive Proxy Statement dated November 23, 2020). 

10.3( 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and David Offerman, dated as of July 31, 2019 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2019). 

10.4( 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and William H. Craig dated as of September 21, 2022 and effective as of July 1, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 21, 2022). 

21 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a) or 17 CFR 240.15d-14(a) pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 17 CFR 240.13a-14(a) or 17 CFR 240.15d-14(a) pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certifications by Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 17 CFR 240.13a-14(b) or 17 CFR 240.15d-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.1 
 
 The following information
 from IEH Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible
 Business Reporting language) and filed electronically herewith: (i) the Balance Sheets; (ii) the Statements of Operations; (iii)
 the Statements of Stockholders Equity; (iv) the Statements of Cash Flow; and (v) the Notes to Financial Statements. 

101.INS 
 
 Interactive Data Files
 pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language Inline XBRL 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Exhibits filed
 herewith. 

Exhibits furnished herewith. 

Indicates management contract
 or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form
 10-K Summary. 

None. 

36 

IEH CORPORATION 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, IEH Corporation has duly caused this Report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

IEH CORPORATION 

By: 
 /s/ David
Offerman 

David Offerman 

Chairman of the Board, President and 
Chief Executive
 Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated:
October 6, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/
 David Offerman 
 
 October 6, 2023 
 
 David Offerman, 

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal
 Executive Officer) and President 

/s/ Subrata
 Purkayastha 
 
 October 6, 2023 
 
 Subrata Purkayastha, 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial
 Officer) 

/s/ Allen
 Gottlieb 
 
 October 6, 2023 
 
 Allen Gottlieb, Director 

/s/ Gerald
 E. Chafetz 
 
 October 6, 2023 
 
 Gerald E. Chafetz, Director 

/s/ Eric C.
 Hugel 
 
 October 6, 2023 
 
 Eric C. Hugel, Director 

/s/ Michael
 E. Rosenfeld 
 
 October 6, 2023 
 
 Michael E. Rosenfeld, Director 

/s/ John P.
 Spiezio 
 
 October 6, 2023 
 
 John P. Spiezio, Director 

37 

IEH CORPORATION 

Index to Financial Statements 

Page 

Number 

Independent Auditors Report Marcum LLP 
 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets 
 
 F-4 

Statements of Operations 
 
 F-5 

Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 
 F-6 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

IEH Corporation 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of IEH Corporation (the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders 
equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below
are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 2 

Valuation of Inventories 

We identified inventory valuation as a critical
audit matter. The principal consideration for our determination that the valuation of inventory is a critical audit matter is because
of the significance of the balance sheet item, the significant assumptions management makes with regards to its valuation of inventory
and the high degree of subjective auditor judgment associated with evaluating management s determination of the value of inventory. 

To address the matter, it involved performing
procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. Our
procedures related to the valuation of inventory included, among others: 

We obtained an understanding and evaluated the design of the internal controls over management s
valuation of inventory. 

We evaluated the significant assumptions stated above and the completeness and accuracy of the underlying
data used in management s costing and valuation. 

We obtained from management the master schedule
of inventory values with adjustments from raw materials, work in process, and finished goods; the schedule for calculation of manufacturing
overhead; and the analysis of inventory reserve. 

- We assessed the qualifications and competence of management; and 

- We evaluated the methodologies used to determine the reasonableness and accuracy of adjustments, overhead
rates, and allowance for obsolete inventory. 

We tested the pricing used to determine the average
costs of raw materials and supplies, the net realizable value of finished goods and work in process, and the estimates of which materials
may be obsolete. 

We assessed the reasonableness of the schedules
of management s estimates by inquiring with management to understand the analysis of inventoried raw material parts as applied to
quantities and costs for each of the periods presented. 

We evaluated management s provision for slow-moving and obsolete inventory calculation, by reviewing
inputs, including historical sales activity versus on-hand inventory levels, we reviewed current selling prices versus current cost. 

/s/ 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

October 6, 2023 

F- 3 

IEH CORPORATION 

BALANCE SHEETS 

As of March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Corporate income taxes receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Deferred income tax assets, net 
 -

Security deposit 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Customer advance payments 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 11) 

Stockholders Equity 

Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

IEH CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Fiscal Years Ended 
March 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Revenue 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of products sold 

Selling, general and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Other income (for fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, consists principally of debt forgiveness income from the forgiveness of the PPP Loan, see Note 5) 

Interest income (expense), net 

Total other income (expense), net 

(Loss) income before (provision for) benefit from income taxes 

(Provision for) benefit from income taxes 

Net (loss) income 

(Net loss) earnings per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted-average number of common and common equivalent shares (in thousands): 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

IEH CORPORATION 

STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Retained 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Equity 

Balances at March 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 -

-

Net income 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balances at March 31, 2022 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balances at March 31, 2023 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

IEH CORPORATION 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 

Inventory obsolescence provision 

Deferred income taxes, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 
 -

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Corporate income taxes receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Customer advance payments 

Operating lease liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition of property, plant and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Net decrease in cash 

Cash - beginning of fiscal year 

Cash - end of fiscal year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 
 -

Income Taxes 

The accompanying notes
are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 7 

IEH CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

F- 8 

IEH CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 2 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) : 

Revenue Recognition, continued 

International 

Total 

and of the international net revenues
for fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, represent sales to customers located in China. 

Commercial Aerospace 

Space 

Other 

and as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively,
and was reflected as a reduction of inventory. 

F- 9 

IEH CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 2 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) : 

- years) of the related assets. 

F- 10 

IEH CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 2 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) : 

(Net loss) earnings per common share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding-basic (in-thousands) 

Dilutive effect of options to the extent that that such options are determined to be in the money for the period (in thousands) 
 -

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding-fully diluted (in thousands) 

F- 11 

IEH CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 2 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) : 

F- 12 

IEH CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 2 
 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) : 

Expected life (in years) 
 -

Expected volatility 
 -

Dividend yield 
 -

Risk-Free interest rate, per annum 
 -

F- 13 

IEH CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Work in progress 

Finished goods 

Allowance for obsolete inventory 

Leasehold improvements 

Machinery and equipment 

Tools and dies 

Furniture and fixtures 

Website development cost 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property, Plant and Equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization expense for the fiscal years
ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 

pursuant to the Payment Protection Program PPP under the Coronavirus Aid Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act ). 

On April 21, 2021, the Company received notice that the PPP
Loan was forgiven. The Company recorded the forgiveness of the principal balance of as debt forgiveness income in the quarter
ended June 30, 2021. 

F- 14 

IEH CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Sales commissions 

Other current liabilities 

Right-of-use liability, current 
 Operating lease liabilities 

Right-of-use lease liability, long-term 
 Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

The lease expense for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023
and 2022 was and , respectively. In addition to the base rent, the Company pays insurance premiums and utility charges
relating to the use of the premises. The Company considers its present facilities to be adequate for its present and anticipated future
needs. 

The basic minimum annual rental remaining on the leases is
 as of March 31, 2023. 

F- 15 

IEH CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 7 
 LEASES (continued) : 

Weighted-average remaining lease term operating lease (in years) 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total gross operating lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total lease liabilities, reflecting present value of future minimum lease payments 

F- 16 

IEH CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

State and local 

Total deferred tax expense (benefit) 

Total provision (benefit) 

F- 17 

IEH CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 8 
 INCOME TAXES (Continued) : 

Operating right-of-use liability 

Stock options 

Accrued expenses 

Inventory 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 
 
 -

Deferred tax assets, net of
 valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Depreciation 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred tax assets (liability), net 
 -

F- 18 

IEH CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 8 
 INCOME TAXES (Continued) : 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Stock-based compensation 

Other 

Debt forgiveness income of the PPP Note- not subject to income tax 
 - 

True-up of tax provision 
 
 - 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 
 - 
 
 Effective tax rate 

During the fiscal year ended March 29, 2019, the Company received
a remittance of from the Internal Revenue Service. The remittance did not indicate the basis for the payment. The Company has
reported this payment as a current liability in the accompanying financial statements until such time that the basis for this remittance
can be determined. 

For the year ended March 31, 2023, the
Company s effective tax rate was ) , which consisted principally of a federal rate of , and the Company s estimate
of state taxes, net of federal benefit, of , offset by a charge of ) for the establishment of a full valuation allowance for
the Company s deferred tax assets at March 31, 2023. 

For the year ended March 31, 2022, the
Company s effective tax rate was ) , which consisted principally of a federal rate of , and the Company s estimate
of state taxes, net of federal benefit, of , offset by the impact of a gain on the forgiveness of debt that was not subject to income
tax. 

As of March 31, 2023, for U.S. federal
and state income tax reporting purposes, the Company has approximately of unused net operating losses NOLs available for carry forward to future years. As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 TCJA ), for U.S. income tax
purposes, NOLs generated in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 may be carried forward indefinitely to offset future taxable income.
The total amount of the Federal NOL as of March 31, 2023, may be carried forward indefinitely. The state and city NOLs may generally be
carried forward for and may be applied against future taxable income. Further, the benefit from utilization of NOL carry
forwards could be subject to limitations due to material ownership changes that could occur if the Company issues additional shares of
common stock. 

The Company remains subject to examination
by tax authorities for fiscal tax years ended March 31, 2020 and later. 

Based upon the Company s recent
taxable losses, the Company performed an analysis and determined that it was necessary to establish a valuation reserve with respect to
its net deferred income tax assets as of and for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 

As of March 31, 2023, management does
not believe that the Company has any material uncertain tax positions that would require it to measure and reflect the potential lack
of sustainability of a position on audit in its financial statements. The Company will continue to evaluate its uncertain tax positions
in future periods to determine if measurement and recognition in its financial statements is necessary. The Company does not believe there
will be any material changes in its unrecognized tax positions over the next year. 

F- 19 

IEH CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

shares of the Company s common stock to all employees, consultants and other eligible
participants including senior management and members of the Board of Directors of the Company. The 2011 Equity Incentive Plan expired
on August 31, 2021 after which no further awards will be granted under such plan. 

2020 Equity Incentive Plan 

On November 18, 2020, the Board of Directors approved the Company s
2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan for submission to stockholders at the next annual meeting. On December 16, 2020,
the Company s stockholders approved the adoption of the 2020 Plan to provide for the grant of stock options and restricted stock
awards to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock to all employees, consultants and other eligible participants
including senior management and members of the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Options granted to employees under both the 2011 Plan and the
2020 Plan (together the Plans may be designated as options which qualify for incentive stock option treatment under Section
422A of the Internal Revenue Code, or options which do not qualify (non-qualified stock options). 

Under the Plans, the exercise price of an option designated
as an incentive stock option shall not be less than the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the day the option is
granted. In the event an option designated as an incentive stock option is granted to a ten percent or greater stockholders, such
exercise price shall be at least 110 percent of the fair market value of the Company s common stock and the option must not
be exercisable after the expiration of ten years from the day of the grant. The Plans also provide that holders of options that wish to
pay for the exercise price of their options with shares of the Company s common stock must have beneficially owned such stock for
at least six months prior to the exercise date. 

Exercise prices of non-incentive stock options may not be less
than the fair market value of the Company s common stock. 

The aggregate fair market value of shares subject to options
granted to a participant(s), which are designated as incentive stock options, and which become exercisable in any calendar year, shall
not exceed . 

F- 20 

IEH CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Note 9 
 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLANS (Continued) : 

and , respectively. 

As of March 31, 2023 there was no unrecognized compensation
expense related to unamortized stock options. 

Stock option activity 

Granted 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited or Expired 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 

Exercisable as of March 31, 2023 

The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents
the total pretax intrinsic value (i.e., the difference between the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of the
period and the exercise price, times the number of shares) that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders
exercised their in-the-money options on those dates. 

and , respectively. Bonus expense recorded for each of the years
ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. The Company paid bonus earned during the fiscal year ended March
31, 2023 of in June 2023 and the bonus earned during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 of in June 2022, respectively. 

F- 21 

IEH CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

, such
monthly rent escalates annually to a monthly rent of for the final year of the lease term. The Company maintains a security deposit
of , which is included in other assets on the accompanying balance sheet. 

On January 29, 2021, the Company entered into an 87 month lease
agreement for an industrial building in Allentown, Pennsylvania, expiring March 30, 2028. Monthly rent at inception was , such
that the monthly rent escalates annually to a monthly rent of for the final year of the lease term. The Company maintains a security
deposit of , which is included in other assets on the accompanying balance sheet. 

The rental expense for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023
and 2022, was and , respectively. 

The Company has a collective bargaining multi-employer pension
plan Multi-Employer Plan with the United Auto Workers of America, Local 259 (ID No. 136115077). The Multi-Employer Plan
is covered by a collective bargaining agreement with the Company, which expires on March 31, 2024. Contributions are made in accordance
with a negotiated labor contract and are based on the number of covered employees employed per month. With the passage of the Multi-Employer
Pension Plan Amendments Act of 1990 (the 1990 Act ), the Company may become subject to liabilities in excess of contributions
made under the collective bargaining agreement. Generally, these liabilities are contingent upon the termination, withdrawal, or partial
withdrawal from the Multi-Employer Plan. The risks of participating in a multiemployer plan are different from single-employer plans,
for example, assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating
employers, if a participating employer stops contributing to the multiemployer plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may become the
obligation of the remaining participating employers, and if a participating employer chooses to stop participating in these multiemployer
plans, the employer may be required to pay those plans an amount based on the underfunded status of the plan. 

Based upon the Multi-Employer Plan s consulting actuary, the
actuarial certification of plan status for the years ended December 31, 2023 (preliminary assessment) and December 31, 2022 is neither
endangered nor critical under the Pension Protection Act of 2006. The total contributions charged to operations under the provisions of
the Multi-Employer Plan were and for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. For the plan years
ended December, 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, the Company was listed in the United Auto Workers of America, Local 259 as providing less
than of the total contributions for the plan. The Company has not taken any action to terminate, withdraw or partially withdraw from
the Multi-Employer Plan nor does it intend to do so in the future. 

F- 22 

IEH CORPORATION 
Notes to Financial Statements 

of the Company s net sales. 

During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, three customers
accounted for of the Company s net sales, each represented , and , respectively. 

As of March 31, 2023, three customers accounted for of
accounts receivable, each represented , and , respectively. 

As of March 31, 2022, one customer accounted for of accounts
receivable. 

During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, one
vendor accounted for and of the Company s purchases, respectively. 

As of March 31, 2023 and 2022 one vendor accounted for 
and two vendors accounted for of accounts payable, respectively. 

F- 23 

<EX-21>
 2
 f10k2023ex21_iehcorp.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit 21 

IEH CORPORATION 

SUBSIDIARIES 

None 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2023ex23-1_iehcorp.htm
 CONSENT OF MARCUM LLP

Exhibit
23.1 

INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM S CONSENT 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of IEH Corporation on Form S-8 (File No. 333-224675) of our report
dated October 6, 2023, with respect to our audits of the financial statements of IEH Corporation as of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022,
and for the years in the period ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
of IEH Corporation for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

/s/
 Marcum LLP 

Marcum
 LLP 

New
York, New York 

 October
6, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2023ex31-1_iehcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
David Offerman, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 of IEH Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
October 6, 2023 

/s/ David Offerman 

David Offerman 

Chairman of the Board President and 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2023ex31-2_iehcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Subrata Purkayastha, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 of IEH Corporation; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
October 6, 2023 

/s/ Subrata Purkayastha 

Subrata Purkayastha 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2023ex32-1_iehcorp.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of IEH Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, being, David Offerman,
President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), and Subrata Purkayastha, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial
Officer), of the Company, respectfully certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 This
 Report on Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of the Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
 amended; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Dated:
October 6, 2023 

/s/
 David Offerman 
 
 /s/
 Subrata Purkayastha 
 
 David
 Offerman 
 
 Subrata
 Purkayastha 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Interim
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

This
Certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of the
Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. A signed original of the written statement required
by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 iehc-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 iehc-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 iehc-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 iehc-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 iehc-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

