<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231213_10-K_edgar_data_64472_0001193125-23-294347.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4714046</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>145729</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>909112</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1450568</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1009550</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1058017</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-294347.hdr.sgml : 20231213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231213161318
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-294347
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GENCOR INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000064472
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONSTRUCTION MACHINERY & EQUIP [3531]
		IRS NUMBER:				590933147
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11703
		FILM NUMBER:		231484110

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5201 N ORANGE BLOSSOM TRAIL
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32810
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4072906000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5201 N ORANGE BLOSSOM
		CITY:			ORLANDO
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32810

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MECHTRON INTERNATIONAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19880128

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MECHTRON GENCO CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19720411

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MECHTRON CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19690909

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-294347.txt : 20231213

10-K
 1
 d551240d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the Fiscal Year Ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of

 incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

 Identification No.)

, 

 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: 

Title of Class

Trading

 Symbol(s)

Name of Exchange

 on which Registered

.10 Par Value)

SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 (d) of the Act Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act: 

Large Accelerated Filer 

Non-Accelerated Filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

 No 

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
 common equity held by non-affiliates
 computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: 

 . 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of Common Stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of December 8
, 2023: 

Common Stock .10 par value): 
 
 shares 
 
 Class B Stock .10 par value): 
 
 shares 

Table of Contents 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the Registrant s 2024 Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of the Stockholders (the Proxy Statement are incorporated by reference into Part III hereof. Except with respect to information specifically incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K, the Proxy Statement is not deemed to be filed as a part hereof. Introductory Note: Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report and the Company s other communications and statements may contain certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), including statements about the Company s beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, estimates, projections and intentions. All forward-looking statements, by their nature, are subject to significant risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, many of which are beyond the Company s control. The Company s actual future results may differ materially from those set forth in the Company s forward-looking statements depending on a variety of important factors, including the financial condition of the Company s customers, changes in the economic and competitive environments and demand for the Company s products. In addition, on February 24, 2022, Russian military forces invaded Ukraine. The impact to Ukraine from the invasion as well as actions taken by other countries, including new and stricter sanctions imposed by the U.S. and other countries and companies against officials, individuals, regions, and industries in Russia, and actions taken by Russia and certain other countries in response to such sanctions, could result in a disruption in our supply chain and higher costs of our products. The words may, could, should, would, believe, anticipate, estimate, expect, intend, plan, target, goal, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. For information concerning these factors and related matters, see Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A in this Annual Report, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 in this Annual Report. However, other factors besides those referenced could adversely affect the Company s results, and you should not consider any such list of factors to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties. Any forward-looking statements made by the Company herein speak as of the date of this Annual Report. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statement, except as required by law. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1 
 BUSINESS General Gencor Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company, Gencor, we, us or our is a leading manufacturer of heavy machinery used in the production of highway construction equipment and materials and environmental control equipment. The Company s products are manufactured in the United States and sold through a combination of Company sales representatives and independent dealers and agents. The Company designs, manufactures and sells machinery and related equipment used primarily for the production of asphalt and highway construction equipment and materials. The Company s principal core products include asphalt pavers, hot mix asphalt plants, combustion systems, and fluid heat transfer systems. The Company believes that its technical and design capabilities and environmentally friendly process technology have enabled it to become a leading producer of hot mix asphalt plants and related components in North America. Because the Company s products are sold primarily to companies in the highway construction industry, its business has historically been seasonal. Traditionally, the Company s customers do not purchase new equipment during the summer and fall months to avoid disrupting their peak season for highway construction and repair work. The majority of orders for the Company s asphalt plants and pavers are typically received between October and February, with a significant volume of shipments occurring prior to June. The principal factors driving demand for the Company s products are the level of federal and state funding for domestic highway construction and repair, the replacement of existing plants, and a trend towards efficient, larger plants. In 1968, the Company was formed by the merger of Mechtron Corporation with General Combustion, Inc. General Combustion and Genco Manufacturing, Inc. The new entity reincorporated in Delaware in 1969 and adopted the name Mechtron International Corporation in 1970. In 1985, the Company began a series of acquisitions into related fields starting with the Beverley Group Ltd. in the United Kingdom. Hy-Way Heat Company, Inc. and the Bituma Group were acquired in 1986. In 1987, the Company changed its name to Gencor Industries, Inc. and acquired Davis Line Inc. and its subsidiaries in 1988. In 1998, the Company entered into agreements with Carbontronics, LLC, pursuant to which the Company designed, manufactured, sold and installed four synthetic fuel production plants. In addition to payment for the plants, the Company received membership interests in two synthetic fuel entities. These derived significant cash flows from the sale of synthetic fuel and tax credits (Internal Revenue Code, Section 29) and, consequently, distributed significant cash to the Company from 2001 to 2010. The tax credit legislation expired at the end of calendar year 2007. Consequently, the four synthetic fuel plants were decommissioned. The plants were sold or transferred to site owners in exchange for a release of all contracted liabilities related to the removal of plants from the sites. Gencor s ownership in the two synthetic fuel entities ended in 2013. In 2020, the Company acquired the asphalt paver assets from Volvo Construction Equipment North America LLC. Products Asphalt Plants . The Company manufactures and produces hot-mix asphalt plants used in the production of asphalt paving materials. The Company also manufactures related asphalt plant equipment, including hot-mix storage silos, fabric filtration systems, cold feed bins and other plant components. The Company s H B (Hetherington and Berner) product line is the world s oldest asphalt plant line, first manufactured in 1894. The Company s subsidiary, Bituma Corporation, formerly known as Boeing Construction Company, developed the first continuous process for asphalt production. Gencor developed and patented the first counter flow drum mix technology, several adaptations of which have become the industry standard, which recaptures and burns emissions and vapors, resulting in a cleaner and more efficient process. The Company also manufactures a very comprehensive range of fully mobile batch plants. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Combustion Systems and Industrial Incinerators . The Company manufactures combustion systems, which are large burners that can transform most solid, liquid or gaseous fuels into usable energy, or burn multiple fuels, alternately or simultaneously. Through its subsidiary General Combustion, the Company has been a significant source of combustion systems for the asphalt and aggregate drying industries since the 1950 s. The Company also manufactures combustion systems for rotary dryers, kilns, fume and liquid incinerators and fuel heaters. The Company believes maintenance and fuel costs are lower for its burners because of their superior design. Fluid Heat Transfer Systems . The Company s General Combustion subsidiary manufactures the Hy-Way Heat and Beverley lines of thermal fluid heat transfer systems and specialty storage tanks for a wide array of industry uses. Thermal fluid heat transfer systems are similar to boilers, but use high temperature oil instead of water. Thermal fluid heaters have been replacing steam pressure boilers as the best method of heat transfer for storage, heating and pumping viscous materials (i.e., asphalt, chemicals, heavy oils, etc.) in many industrial and petrochemical applications worldwide. The Company believes the high-efficiency design of its thermal fluid heaters can outperform competitive units in many types of process applications. Asphalt Pavers. The Company manufactures asphalt pavers under the Blaw-Knox brand. The Blaw-Knox brand dates back over a century, when in 1917 Blaw Collapsible Steel Centering Company merged with the Knox Pressed and Welded Steel Company. Blaw-Knox made its first road paving equipment in 1929. Blaw-Knox pavers are the industry leading, highway class pavers that deliver outstanding reliability and produce the highest quality rideable surfaces in the industry. Projects paved with Blaw-Knox pavers continually win industry awards for the highest quality highway pavements. Product Engineering and Development The Company is engaged in product engineering and development efforts to expand its product lines and to further develop more energy-efficient and environmentally friendly equipment. Product engineering and development activities are directed toward more efficient methods of producing asphalt and lower cost fluid heat transfer systems. In addition, efforts are also focused on developing combustion systems that operate at higher efficiency and offer a higher level of environmental compatibility. Sources of Supply and Manufacturing Substantially all products and components sold by the Company and its subsidiaries are manufactured and assembled by the Company. The Company purchases steel, other raw materials and hardware used to manufacture its products from numerous suppliers. The Company may augment internal production by outsourcing some of its production when demand for its products exceeds its manufacturing capacity. Seasonality The Company is concentrated in the manufacturing of asphalt pavers, asphalt plants and related components, which is typically subject to a seasonal slow-down during the third and fourth quarters of the calendar year. Competition The markets for the Company s products are highly competitive. The industry remains fairly concentrated, with a small number of companies competing for the majority of the Company s product lines. The principal competitive factors include quality, price, delivery, availability, and technology. The Company believes it manufactures the highest quality equipment in the industry. Its products performance reliability, brand recognition, pricing, and after-the-sale technical support are other important factors. Sales and Marketing The Company s products and services are marketed through Company-employed sales representatives and independent dealers. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Sales Backlog The size of the Company s backlog should not be viewed as an indicator of the Company s quarterly or annualized revenues, due to the timing of order fulfillment of asphalt plants. The Company s backlog was 57.8 million and 43.2 million as of December 1, 2023 and December 1, 2022, respectively. Financial Information about Geographic Areas Reporting Segments See Reporting Segments and Geographic Areas in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Licenses, Patents and Trademarks The Company holds numerous patents covering technology and applications related to various products, equipment and systems, and numerous trademarks and trade names registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in various foreign countries. In general, the Company depends upon technological capabilities, manufacturing quality control and application know-how, rather than patents or other proprietary rights in the conduct of its business. Government Regulations The Company believes its design and manufacturing processes meet all industry and governmental agency standards that may apply to its entire line of products, including all domestic and foreign environmental, structural, electrical and safety codes. The Company s products are designed and manufactured to comply with U.S. Environmental Protection Agency regulations. Certain state and local regulatory authorities have strong environmental impact regulations. While the Company believes that such regulations have helped, rather than restricted its marketing efforts and sales results, there is no assurance that changes to federal, state, local, or foreign laws and regulations will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s products and earnings in the future. Environmental Matters The Company is subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. The Company believes it is in compliance with all applicable environmental laws and regulations. The Company does not expect any material impact on future operating costs as a result of compliance with currently enacted environmental regulations. Employees As of September 30, 2023, the Company had 314 full-time and 3 part-time employees. The Company has a collective bargaining agreement covering employees at its Marquette, Iowa facility. No other employees are represented by a labor union or collective bargaining agreement. Available Information For further discussion concerning the Company s business, see the information included in Item 7 (Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations) and Item 8 (Financial Statements and Supplementary Data) of this Annual Report. The Company makes available free of charge through its website at www.gencor.com the Company s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, if applicable, filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after the material is electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). The information posted on the website is not incorporated into this Annual Report. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A 
 RISK FACTORS The following risk factors and other information included in this Annual Report should be carefully considered. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones the Company faces. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the Company, or that the Company presently deems less significant, may also impair the Company s operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, the Company s business operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The order of these risk factors does not reflect their relative importance or likelihood of occurrence. The business is affected by the cyclical nature of the markets it serves . The demand for the Company s products is dependent on general economic conditions and more specifically, Federal and state funding for highways and roads. Adverse economic conditions may cause customers to forego or delay new purchases and rely more on repairing existing equipment thus negatively impacting the Company s sales and profits. The business is affected by the level of government funding for highway construction in the United States and Canada . Most highway contractors in the U.S. and Canada depend on funding by federal, provincial, state and local agencies for highway, transit and infrastructure programs. Future legislation may increase or decrease government spending, which, if decreased, could have a negative effect on the Company s financial condition or results of operations. Federal and/or state funding allocated to infrastructure may decrease in the future. The loss of any relationship with a large customer, or a significant downturn in the business or financial condition of any such customer, could have adverse consequences on the Company s future business. During the year ended September 30, 2023, one customer accounted for 14.8 of net revenue. No customer accounted for 10 or more of net revenue for the year ended September 30, 2022. The loss of any relationship with a large customer, or a significant reduction in sales to any such customer, could adversely affect the Company s revenues and, consequently, its business. If the Company fails to comply with requirements relating to internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the business could be harmed and its stock price could decline. Rules adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 require the Company to assess its internal control over financial reporting annually. The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess its internal control over financial reporting are complex. They require significant documentation, testing, and possible remediation of any significant deficiencies in and/or material weaknesses of internal controls in order to meet the detailed standards under these rules. The Company has evaluated its internal control over financial reporting as effective as of September 30, 2023. See Item 9A Controls and Procedures Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Although the Company concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of September 30, 2023, in future fiscal years, the Company may encounter unanticipated delays or problems in assessing its internal control over financial reporting as effective or in completing its assessments by the required dates. In addition, the Company cannot be assured that its independent registered public accountants will attest that internal control over financial reporting is effective in future fiscal years. If the Company cannot assess its internal control over financial reporting as effective, investor confidence and share value may be negatively impacted. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

The Company may be required to reduce its profit margins on contracts where revenues are recognized over time. Revenues from contracts with customers for the design, manufacture and sale of custom equipment are recognized over time when the performance obligation is satisfied by transferring control of the equipment. Control of the equipment transfers over time as the equipment is unique to the specific contract and thus does not create an asset with an alternative use. Revenues and costs are recognized in proportion to actual labor costs incurred, as compared with total estimated labor costs expected to be incurred during the entire contract. As a result, revisions made to the estimates of revenues and profits are recorded in the period in which the conditions that require such revisions become known and can be estimated. Although the Company believes that its profit margins are fairly stated and that adequate provisions for losses for its fixed-price contracts are recorded in the financial statements, as required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), the Company cannot assure that its estimated contract profit margins will not decrease or its estimated loss provisions will not increase materially in the future. The Company may encounter difficulties with acquisitions . As part of its strategy, the Company intends to evaluate the acquisition of other companies, assets or product lines that would complement or expand the Company s existing business or broaden its customer base. Although the Company conducts due diligence reviews of potential acquisition candidates, it may not be able to identify all material liabilities or risks related to potential acquisitions. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to locate and acquire any business, retain key personnel and customers of an acquired business or integrate any acquired business successfully. Additionally, there can be no assurance that financing for any acquisition, if necessary, will be available on acceptable terms, if at all, or that the Company will be able to accomplish its strategic objectives in connection with any acquisition. The Company s marketable securities are comprised of cash and money funds, equities, corporate bonds, exchange-traded funds, and government securities invested through professional investment management firms and are subject to various risks, such as interest rates, markets, and credit . The Company s marketable securities are comprised of cash and money funds, equities, corporate bonds, exchange-traded funds, and government securities invested through professional investment management firms and are subject to various risks, such as interest rate risk, market risk, and credit risk. Due to the level of risk associated with certain investment securities and the level of uncertainty related to changes in the value of securities, adverse developments with respect to interest rates, the capital markets or the credit markets could have a material adverse impact on the value of these investment securities and ultimately, the Company s results of operations. There are and will continue to be quarterly fluctuations of the Company s operating results . The Company s operating results historically have fluctuated from quarter to quarter as a result of a number of factors, including the value, timing and shipment of individual orders and the mix of products sold. Revenues from contracts with customers for the design, manufacture and sale of custom equipment are recognized over time when the performance obligation is satisfied by transferring control of the equipment. Revenues from all other contracts for the design and manufacture of equipment, for service and for parts sales, net of any discounts and return allowances, are recorded at a point in time when control of the goods or services has been transferred. The Company s asphalt production equipment operations are subject to seasonal fluctuations, which may lower revenues and result in possible quarterly operating losses. If the Company is unable to attract and retain key personnel, its business could be adversely affected . The success of the Company will continue to depend substantially upon the efforts, abilities and services of its management team and certain other key employees. The loss of one or more key employees could adversely affect the Company s operations. The Company s ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, either through direct hiring, or acquisition of other businesses employing such persons, will also be an important factor in determining its future success. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

The Company may be required to defend its intellectual property against infringement or against infringement claims of others . The Company holds numerous patents covering technology and applications related to various products, equipment and systems, and numerous trademarks and trade names registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and in various foreign countries. There can be no assurance as to the breadth or degree of protection that future patents or trademarks may afford the Company, or that any pending patent or trademark applications will result in issued patents or trademarks, or that the Company s patents, registered trademarks or patent applications, if any, will be upheld if challenged, or that competitors will not develop similar or superior methods or products outside the protection of any patents issued, licensed or sublicensed to the Company. Although the Company believes that none of its technologies, products or trademarks infringe upon the patents, technologies, products or trademarks of others, it is possible that the Company s trademarks or other rights may not be valid or that infringement of future patents, trademarks or proprietary rights may occur. In the event that the Company s products are deemed to infringe upon the patent or proprietary rights of others, the Company could be required to modify the design of its products, change the name of its products or obtain a license for the use of certain technologies incorporated into its products. There can be no assurance that the Company would be able to do any of the foregoing in a timely manner, upon acceptable terms and conditions, or at all, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on the Company. In addition, there can be no assurance that the Company will have the financial or other resources necessary to enforce or defend a patent, registered trademark or other proprietary right, and, if the Company s products are deemed to infringe upon the patents, trademarks or other proprietary rights of others, the Company could become liable for damages, which could also have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company may be subject to substantial liability for its products . The Company is engaged in a business that could expose it to possible liability claims for personal injury or property damage due to alleged design or manufacturing defects in its products. The Company believes that it meets existing professional specification standards recognized or required in the industries in which it operates, and there are no material product liability claims pending against the Company as of the date hereof. Although the Company currently maintains product liability coverage, which it believes is adequate for the continued operation of its business, such insurance may prove inadequate or become difficult to obtain or unobtainable in the future on terms acceptable to the Company. The Company is subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations, and the costs related to compliance with, or the Company s failure to comply with, existing or future laws and regulations, could adversely affect the business and results of operations . The Company s operations are subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. Sanctions for noncompliance may include revocation of permits, corrective action orders, significant administrative or civil penalties and criminal prosecution. The Company s business involves environmental management and issues typically associated with historical manufacturing operations. To date, the Company s cost of complying with environmental laws and regulations has not been material, but the fact that such laws or regulations are changed frequently makes predicting the cost or impact of such laws and regulations on the Company s future operations uncertain. The Company is dependent upon third-party suppliers, making it vulnerable to supply shortages and price increases. The principal raw material the Company uses is carbon steel which is sourced through numerous suppliers. The Company also uses select suppliers to provide proprietary components to its finished products. Although the Company believes that raw materials are available from alternate sources, an interruption in the supply of steel or related products or a substantial increase in the price of steel or related products could have a material adverse effect on the Company s production and its results of operations. In addition, the cost of parts or materials may increase significantly for reasons other than changes in commodity prices. Factors such as supply and demand, freight costs, availability of transportation, availability of labor, inventory levels, the level of imports, the imposition of duties and tariffs and other trade barriers and general economic conditions may affect the price of our parts or materials. Market conditions could limit the Company s ability to raise selling prices to offset increases in material and/or labor costs. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

In the future, we could experience some disruption in the supply of some of our parts or materials that we purchase from suppliers. Delays in obtaining parts or materials may result from a number of factors affecting our suppliers including capacity constraints, labor shortages or supplier product quality issues. These risks are increased in a weak economic environment or when demand increases coming out of an economic downturn. Such disruptions could result in manufacturing inefficiencies caused by the Company having to wait for parts to arrive on production lines, could delay sales and could result in a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows. The Company is subject to government regulations . The Company is committed to responsible environmental, social and governance ESG practices. The Company strives to be recognized as a company that achieves customer expectations safely and in a manner that rewards both its customers and its employees. The Company strives to achieve these goals through an organizational structure that provides excellent service and a reputation of integrity with the communities where it operates while providing its employees with growth opportunities in an injury-free environment. The Company is subject to a variety of governmental regulations relating to the manufacturing of its products. Failure by the Company to comply with regulations could subject it to liabilities, or suspension of production that could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results. Such regulations could also restrict the Company s ability to expand its facilities, or to incur other expenses to comply with such regulations. Although the Company believes it has the design and manufacturing capability to meet all industry or governmental agency standards that may apply to its product lines, including all domestic and foreign environmental, structural, electrical and safety codes, there can be no assurance that governmental laws and regulations will not become more stringent over time, imposing greater compliance costs and increasing risks and penalties associated with a violation. The cost to the Company of such compliance to date has not materially affected its business, financial condition or results of operations. There can be no assurance, however, that violations will not occur in the future as a result of human error, equipment failure or other causes. The Company s customers are also subject to extensive regulations, including those related to the workplace. The Company cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of governmental legislation, or regulatory requirements that could be imposed or how existing or future laws or regulations will be administered, or interpreted. Compliance with more stringent laws or regulations, as well as more vigorous enforcement policies of regulatory agencies, could require substantial expenditures by the Company and could adversely affect its business, financial condition and results of operations. Increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from stakeholders with respect to the Company s ESG practices may expose us to new or additional risks. Companies across many industries are facing increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to their ESG practices. Investor advocacy groups, certain institutional investors, investment funds and other influential investors are also increasingly focused on ESG practices and in recent years have placed increasing importance on the implications and social cost of their investments. Regardless of the industry, investors and stakeholders increased focus related to stakeholder ESG expectations and standards, which are evolving, may cause the Company to suffer from reputational damage and its business or financial condition could be adversely affected. The Company s management has effective voting control . The Company s officers beneficially own 100 of the outstanding shares of the Company s Class B stock. The holders of the Class B stock are entitled to elect 75 (calculated to the nearest whole number, rounding five-tenths to next highest whole number) of the members of the Company s Board of Directors. Further, approval of a majority of the holders of the Class B stock is generally required to affect a sale of the Company and certain other corporate transactions. As a result, the Class B shareholders can elect more than a majority of the Board of Directors and exercise significant influence over most matters requiring approval by the Company s shareholders. This concentration of control may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

The issuance of preferred stock may impede a change of control or may be dilutive to existing shareholders . The Company s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, authorizes the Company s Board of Directors, without shareholder vote, to issue up to 300,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to determine for any series the dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other preferences, rights and terms that are senior, and not available, to the holders of the Company s common stock. Thus, issuances of series of preferred stock could adversely affect the relative voting power, distributions and other rights of the common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could deter or impede a merger, tender offer or other transaction that some, or a majority of the Company s common shareholders might believe to be in their best interest or in which the Company s common shareholders might receive a premium for their shares over the then current market price of such shares. The Company may be required to indemnify its directors and executive officers . The Company has authority under Section 145 of the Delaware General Corporation Law to indemnify its directors and officers to the extent provided in that statute. The Company s Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, provides that a director shall not be personally liable to the Company for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the Delaware General Corporation Law. The Company s Bylaws provide, in part, that it indemnify each of its directors and officers against liabilities imposed upon them (including reasonable amounts paid in settlement) and expenses incurred by them in connection with any claim made against them or any action, suit or proceeding to which they may be a party by reason of their being or having been a director or officer. The Company maintains officers and directors liability insurance coverage. There can be no assurance that such insurance will be available in the future, or that if available, it will be available on terms that are acceptable to the Company. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the insurance coverage provided will be sufficient to cover the amount of any judgment awarded against an officer or director (either individually or in the aggregate). Consequently, if such judgment exceeds the coverage under the policy, the Company may be forced to pay such difference. The Company enters into indemnification agreements with each of its executive officers and directors containing provisions that may require the Company, among other things, to indemnify them against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as officers or directors (other than liabilities arising from willful misconduct of a culpable nature) and to advance their expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. Management believes that such indemnification provisions and agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and executive officers. The Company does not expect to pay cash dividends for the foreseeable future . The Company intends to retain its cash to fund its business requirements. It does not anticipate paying cash dividends on its common stock or Class B stock. Any future determination to pay cash dividends will be at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and will be dependent upon existing conditions, including the financial condition and results of operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects, and other factors that the Board of Directors considers relevant. Competition could reduce revenue from the Company s products and services and cause it to lose market share. The Company currently faces competition in product performance, price and service. Some of the Company s competitors have greater financial, product development and marketing resources than the Company. If competition in the Company s industry intensifies or if the current competitors enhance their products or lower their prices for competing products, the Company may lose sales or be required to lower the prices it charges for its products. This may reduce revenues from the Company s products and services, lower its gross margins, or cause a loss in market share. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

The Company s quarterly operating results are likely to fluctuate, which may decrease its stock price. The Company s quarterly operating results have varied significantly in the past and are likely to vary significantly from quarter to quarter in the future. As a result, the Company s operating results may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors in some quarters, which could result in a decrease in the market price of its common stock. The reasons the Company s quarterly results may fluctuate include: 

General competitive and economic conditions; 

Delays in, or uneven timing in, delivery of customer orders; 

The seasonal nature of the industry; 

The fluctuations in the market value of its securities portfolio; 

The introduction of new products by the Company or its competitors; 

Product supply shortages; 

Reduced demand due to adverse weather conditions; 

Expiration or renewal of Federal highway programs; and 

Changes to federal, state or Canadian provincial programs. Period-to-period comparisons of such items should not be relied on as indications of future performance. The Company s common stock has been, and likely will continue to be, subject to substantial price and volume fluctuations due to a number of factors, many of which will be beyond the Company s control. The market price of the Company s common stock may be significantly affected by various factors, such as: 

Quarterly variations in operating results; 

Changes in revenue growth rates as a whole or for specific geographic areas or products; 

Changes in earnings estimates by market analysts; 

The announcement of new products or product enhancements by the Company or its competitors; 

Speculation in the press or analyst community of potential acquisitions by the Company; and 

General market conditions or market conditions specific to particular industries. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Global, market and economic conditions may negatively impact our business, financial condition and share price. Concerns over inflation, geopolitical issues, global financial markets and global public health crises such as the COVID-19 pandemic have led to increased economic instability and expectations of slower global economic growth. Our business may be adversely affected by any such economic instability or unpredictability. Russia s invasion of Ukraine and related sanctions has led to increased oil and natural gas prices. Additionally, the armed conflict involving Hamas and Israel, as well as further escalation of tensions between Israel and various countries in the Middle East and North Africa, may cause increased inflation in energy and logistics costs and could further cause general economic conditions in the U.S. or abroad to deteriorate. Such sanctions and disruptions to the global economy may lead to additional inflation and may disrupt the global supply chain and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to secure supplies. The increased cost of oil, along with increased or prolonged periods of inflation, would likely increase our costs in the form of higher wages, further inflation on supplies and equipment necessary to operate our business. There is a risk that one or more of our suppliers could be negatively affected by global economic instability, which could adversely affect our ability to operate efficiently and timely complete our operational goals. The Company may suffer adverse consequences if it is deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act, a company is deemed to be an investment company if it is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting, or trading in securities and owns investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. Government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. The Company believes that it is not an investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act because it does not hold itself out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting, or trading in securities. Rather, the Company has been a manufacturer of heavy equipment used in the production of asphalt for highway construction and environmental control equipment for over 50 years. The Company s core products include asphalt plants, asphalt pavers, combustion systems, and fluid heat transfer systems. As reflected on the Company s balance sheet at September 30, 2023, the Company owns a significant amount of marketable securities, which include cash, cash equivalents, government and corporate bonds, and exchange-traded funds. Section 3(a)(2) defines the term investment securities , as used in Section 3(a)(1)(C) to include all marketable securities except government securities and cash and cash equivalents. The value of the Company s investment securities is significantly below 40 of the value of its total assets (excluding government securities and cash items) at September 30, 2023. If the Company was deemed to be, and was required to register as an investment company, the Company would comply with the requirements of the Investment Company Act. As an investment company, the Company would be (i) subjected to disclosure and accounting guidance geared toward investment, rather than operating, companies; (ii) significantly limited in its ability to borrow money, issue options, issue multiple classes of stock and debt, and engage in transactions with affiliates; and (iii) required to undertake significant costs and expenses to meet other disclosure, reporting, and regulatory requirements to which it would be subject as a registered investment company. The Company faces risks with the acquisition of Blaw-Knox and any future acquisitions. The Company acquired the Blaw-Knox paver assets on October 1, 2020. The success of this acquisition depends, in part, on the Company s ability to successfully grow the business and realize anticipated benefits, including any synergies. It may take longer than expected to realize growth in the business or realize anticipated benefits, which may be smaller than the Company expected. Also, there are a number of challenges and risks involved in the Company s ability to successfully integrate Blaw-Knox with its current business. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Acquiring businesses or products that expand and/or complement the Company s operations has been an element of its business strategy. The Company may not be able to successfully identify attractive acquisition candidates or negotiate favorable terms in the future. Furthermore, the Company s ability to effectively integrate any future acquisitions will depend on, among other things, the adequacy of its implementation plans, the ability of its management to oversee and operate effectively the combined operations, and the Company s ability to achieve desired operational efficiencies. The Company s failure to successfully integrate the operations of any business that it may acquire in the future may adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. There can be a shortage of skilled production workers, especially those with welding and/or fabricating capabilities. The Company could experience difficulty hiring or replacing those individuals, which could adversely affect its business. Our fabrication process requires skilled production workers. If we are unable to retain and hire an adequate number of individuals with welding and fabrication capabilities, this could adversely impact our ability to achieve our financial objectives. In addition, if demand for skilled production workers were to significantly outstrip supply, wages for these workers could dramatically increase and could affect our financial performance. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None 

ITEM 2 
 PROPERTIES The following table lists the operating properties owned or leased by the Company as of September 30, 2023: 

Location 
 
 Acreage 

Building Square Footage 

Principal Function 

Marquette, Iowa 

72.0 

137,000 

Owned offices and manufacturing 

Orlando, Florida 

27.0 

215,000 

Owned corporate offices and manufacturing 

Chambersburg, Pennsylvania 

7.4 

104,000 

Leased offices and manufacturing 

ITEM 3 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS The Company has various litigation and claims, either as a plaintiff or defendant, pending as of the date of this Annual Report, which have occurred in the ordinary course of business, and which may be covered in whole, or in part, by insurance. Management has reviewed all litigation matters arising in the ordinary course of business and, upon advice of legal counsel, has made provisions, not deemed material, for any probable losses and expenses of litigation. 

ITEM 4 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES None 
 14 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES The Company s common stock is traded on the NYSE American LLC under the symbol GENC. The Company has not issued any securities during the prior two years that were not already registered under the Exchange Act. As of September 30, 2023, there were 162 holders of common stock of record and 6 holders of Class B stock of record. The Company has not paid cash dividends during the last two fiscal years and has no intention to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS The Company s 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan expired on October 1, 2021. There were no other equity compensation plans and arrangements previously approved by security holders as of September 30, 2023. 

ITEM 6 
 [RESERVED] 
 15 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Forward-Looking Information This Annual Report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Exchange Act, which represent the Company s expectations and beliefs, including, but not limited to, statements concerning gross margins, sales of the Company s products and future financing plans, income from investees and litigation. These statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties, certain of which are beyond the Company s control. Actual results may differ materially depending on a variety of important factors, including the financial condition of the Company s customers, changes in the economic and competitive environments, the performance of the investment portfolio and the demand for the Company s products. For information concerning these factors and related matters, see Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A in this Annual Report. However, other factors besides those referenced could adversely affect the Company s results, and you should not consider any such list of factors to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties. Any forward-looking statements made by the Company herein speak as of the date of this Annual Report. The Company does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Overview Gencor is a leading manufacturer of heavy machinery used in the production of highway construction equipment and materials and environmental control equipment. The Company s core products include asphalt pavers, hot mix asphalt plants, combustion systems, fluid heat transfer systems and asphalt pavers. The Company s products are manufactured at three facilities in the United States. Because the Company s products are sold primarily to the highway construction industry, the business is seasonal in nature. Traditionally, the Company s customers reduce their purchases of new equipment for shipment during the summer and fall months to avoid disrupting their peak season for highway construction and related repair work. The majority of orders for the Company s products are thus received between October and February, with a significant volume of shipments occurring in the late winter and spring. The principal factors driving demand for the Company s products are the overall economic conditions, the level of government funding for domestic highway construction and repair, Canadian infrastructure spending, the need for spare parts, fluctuations in the price of liquid asphalt, and a trend towards larger more efficient asphalt plants. On November 15, 2021, President Biden signed into law a five-year, 1.2 trillion infrastructure bill, the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (the IIJ Act ), including 550 billion in new spending and reauthorization of 650 billion in previously allocated funds. The IIJ Act provides 110 billion for the nation s highways, bridges and roads. Fluctuations in the price of carbon steel, which is a significant cost and material used in the manufacturing of the Company s equipment, may affect the Company s financial performance. The Company is subject to fluctuations in market prices for raw materials, such as steel. If the Company is unable to purchase materials it requires or is unable to pass on price increases to its customers or otherwise reduce its cost of goods sold, its business results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. Also, a significant increase in the price of liquid asphalt could decrease demand for hot mix asphalt paving materials and certain of the Company s products. Increases in oil prices also drive up the cost of gasoline and diesel, which results in increased freight costs. Where possible, the Company will pass increased freight costs on to its customers. However, the Company may not be able to recapture all of the higher costs and thus could have a negative impact on the Company s financial performance. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

The Company believes its strategy of continuing to invest in product engineering and development and its focus on delivering the highest quality products and superior service will strengthen the Company s market position. The Company continues to review its internal processes to identify inefficiencies and cost-reduction opportunities. The Company will continue to scrutinize its relationships with suppliers to ensure it is achieving the highest quality materials and services at the most competitive cost. On July 19, 2022, the Company announced that it was transferring the listing of its common stock, 0.10 per share par value Common Stock ), to the NYSE American LLC NYSE American from the NASDAQ Global Market NASDAQ ). Listing and trading of the Company s Common Stock on NASDAQ ended at market close on July 29, 2022 and listing and trading of its Common Stock on the NYSE American commenced at market open on August 1, 2022 under its current ticker symbol GENC . Results of Operations Year ended September 30, 2023 compared with the year ended September 30, 2022 Net revenue for the year ended September 30, 2023 increased slightly to 105,075,000 from 103,479,000 for the year ended September 30, 2022. Net revenue for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 decreased 9.5 to 20,871,000 compared to 23,072,000 for the quarter ended September 30, 2022. As a percent of sales, gross profit margins increased to 27.6 in fiscal 2023 from 19.9 in fiscal 2022 on increased parts sales at higher margins, and improved efficiency, absorption and favorable price realization. Product engineering and development PED expense in fiscal 2023 decreased 867,000 to 3,458,000 from 4,325,000 in fiscal 2022 due to reduced headcount and improved efficiency. Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses in fiscal 2023 increased 102,000 to 12,154,000 from 12,052,000 in fiscal 2022. Fiscal 2023 had operating income of 13,425,000 versus 4,167,000 in fiscal 2022. The increase in operating income was due to improved gross profit margins and reduced operating expenses. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, the cost basis of the investment portfolio was 85,514,000 and 94,879,000, respectively. 10,000,000 was transferred from the investment portfolio to cash to fund operating needs of the business during fiscal 2023. For the year ended September 30, 2023, interest and dividend income, net of fees, was 2,108,000, as compared to 1,305,000 for year ended September 30, 2022. Interest income for the year ended September 30, 2023 as compared to the prior year increased due to higher rates earned on fixed income investments coupled with the Company reallocating a majority of its holdings in equities to fixed income in January 2023. Net realized and unrealized gains on marketable securities were 3,243,000 for the year ended September 30, 2023 versus net realized and unrealized losses of (7,009,000) for the year ended September 30, 2022. The higher gains in fiscal 2023 were due to a stronger domestic stock market. The fiscal 2022 investment losses reflect the general decline in global equity and bond markets in the prior year. The total cash, cash equivalents and investments balance at September 30, 2023 was 101,283,000, compared to 98,881,000 at September 30, 2022, an increase of 2,402,000. The effective income tax rate for fiscal 2023 was 21.9 versus (78.0 in fiscal 2022. The income tax benefit for fiscal 2022 reflects the impact of book to tax timing differences in the deductibility of certain items, the benefit from research and development tax refunds and credits, and other adjustments. In fiscal 2022, the Company generated 475,000 of federal research and development tax credits R D Credits ), all of which were used in fiscal 2022. There were no R D Credits generated in fiscal 2023 and there were no carryforwards of R D Credits as of September 30, 2023 or September 30, 2022. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

Net income for the year ended September 30, 2023 was 14,666,000 or 1.00 per diluted share versus net loss of (372,000) or (0.03) per diluted share for the year ended September 30, 2022. Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company generates capital resources through operations and returns from its investments. The Company had no long-term debt outstanding at September 30, 2023 or 2022. In April 2020, a financial institution issued an irrevocable standby letter of credit letter of credit on behalf of the Company for the benefit of one of the Company s insurance carriers. The maximum amount that can be drawn by the beneficiary under the letter of credit is 150,000. The letter of credit expires in April 2024, unless terminated earlier, and can be extended, as provided by the agreement. The Company intends to renew the letter of credit for as long as the Company does business with the beneficiary insurance carrier. The letter is collateralized by restricted cash of the same amount on any outstanding drawings. To date, no amounts have been drawn under the letter of credit. As of September 30, 2023, the Company had 17,031,000 in cash and cash equivalents, and 84,252,000 in marketable securities. The marketable securities are invested through a professional investment management firm. The securities may be liquidated at any time into cash and cash equivalents. The Company s backlog, which includes orders received through the filing date of this Annual Report, was 75.8 million at September 30, 2023 versus 60.2 million at September 30, 2022. The Company s working capital was 164.8 million at September 30, 2023 versus 150.1 million at September 30, 2022. The significant purchases, sales and maturities of marketable securities shown on the consolidated statements of cash flows typically reflect the frequent purchase and sale of United States treasury bills. Year ended September 30, 2023 compared with the year ended September 30, 2022 Cash flows provided by operations in fiscal 2023 were 10,196,000 primarily resulting from net income and sale of marketable securities, and partially offset by increased inventory. The significant purchases, sales and maturities of marketable securities shown on the consolidated statements of cash flows reflect purchases and sales of United States treasury bills and notes. Inventories increased by 15,712,000 primarily due to progress on several large contract orders where revenue is recognized at a point in time, the impact of the inflationary environment on raw material and wage price increases, and stock build to adjust for the increasing lead times from suppliers. Cash flows used in operations in fiscal 2022 was 9,135,000 primarily resulting from increased inventory. The significant purchases, sales and maturities of marketable securities shown on the consolidated statements of cash flows reflect purchases and sales of United States treasury bills and notes. Inventories increased by 13,927,000 primarily due to progress on several large contract orders where revenue is recognized at a point in time, the impact of the inflationary environment on raw material and wage price increases, and some stock build to adjust for the increasing lead times from suppliers. Accounts payable increased by 1,146,000 due primarily to the additional payables related to the increase in inventory. Cash flows used in investing activities for the years ended September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, were 2,746,000 and 4,516,000, respectively, and were primarily related to the capital expenditures for manufacturing processing and finishing equipment. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies, Estimates and Assumptions The Company believes the following discussion addresses it s most critical accounting policies, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results of operations and require management s most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Accounting policies, in addition to the critical accounting policies referenced below, are presented in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Accounting Policies. Estimates and Assumptions In preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company uses certain estimates and assumptions that may affect reported amounts and disclosures. Estimates and assumptions are used, among other places, when accounting for certain revenue (e.g., contract accounting), expense, and asset and liability valuations. The Company believes that the estimates and assumptions made in preparing the Consolidated Financial Statements are reasonable, but are inherently uncertain. Assumptions may be incomplete or inaccurate and unanticipated events may occur. The Company is subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from estimated results. Revenues Expenses The Company accounts for revenues and related expenses under the provisions of ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606), as amended ASU No. 2014-09 ). Revenues from contracts with customers for the design, manufacture and sale of custom equipment are recognized over time when the performance obligation is satisfied by transferring control of the equipment. Control of the equipment transfers over time as the equipment is unique to the specific contract and thus does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Company. Revenues and related costs are recognized in proportion to actual labor costs incurred, as compared with total estimated labor costs expected to be incurred during the entire contract. All incremental costs related to obtaining a contract are expensed as incurred as the amortization period is less than one year. Changes to total estimated contract costs or losses, if any, are recognized in the period in which they are determined. Contract assets (excluding accounts receivable) under contracts with customers represent revenue recognized in excess of amounts billed on equipment sales recognized over time. These contract assets were 1,508,000 and 2,118,000 at September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and are included in current assets as costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company anticipates that all of the contract assets at September 30, 2023, will be billed and collected within one year. Revenues from all other contracts for the design and manufacture of equipment, for service and for parts sales, net of any discounts and return allowances, are recorded at a point in time when control of the goods or services has been transferred. Control of the goods or service typically transfers at time of shipment or upon completion of the service. Payment for equipment under contract with customers is typically due prior to shipment. Payment for services under contract with customers is due as services are completed. Accounts receivable related to contracts with customers at September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022 were 114,000 and 142,000, respectively. Product warranty costs are estimated using historical experience and known issues and are charged to production costs as revenue is recognized. Under certain contracts with customers, recognition of a portion of the consideration received may be deferred and recorded as a contract liability if the Company has to satisfy a future obligation, such as to provide installation assistance. There were no contract liabilities other than customer deposits at September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022. Customer deposits related to contracts with customers were 6,815,000 and 5,864,000 at September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and are included in current liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

The Company records revenues earned for shipping and handling as freight revenue at the time of shipment, regardless of whether or not it is identified as a separate performance obligation. The cost of shipping and handling is classified as cost of goods sold concurrently. Provisions for estimated returns and allowances and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded. Returns and allowances, which reduce product revenue, are estimated using historical experience. All product engineering and development costs, and selling, general and administrative expenses are charged to operations as incurred. Provision is made for any anticipated contract losses in the period that the loss becomes evident. The allowance for doubtful accounts is determined by performing a specific review of all account balances greater than 90 days past due and other higher risk amounts to determine collectability and also adjusting for any known customer payment issues with account balances in the less-than-90-day past due aging buckets. Account balances are charged off against the allowance for doubtful accounts when they are determined to be uncollectable. Any recoveries of account balances previously considered in the allowance for doubtful accounts reduce future additions to the allowance for doubtful accounts. Inventories Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost being determined under the first-in, first-out FIFO method and net realizable value defined as the estimated selling price of goods less reasonable costs of completion and delivery (see Note 2 to Consolidated Financial Statements). Appropriate consideration is given to obsolescence, excessive levels, deterioration, possible alternative uses and other factors in determining net realizable value. The cost of work in process and finished goods includes materials, direct labor, variable costs and overhead. The Company evaluates the need to record inventory adjustments on all inventories, including raw materials, work in process, finished goods, spare parts and used equipment. Used equipment acquired by the Company on trade-in from customers is carried at estimated net realizable value. Unless specific circumstances warrant different treatment regarding inventory obsolescence, an allowance is established to reduce the cost basis of inventories three to four years old by 50 , the cost basis of inventories four to five years old by 75 , and the cost basis of inventories greater than five years old to zero. Inventory is typically reviewed for obsolescence on an annual basis computed as of September 30, the Company s fiscal year end. If significant known changes in trends, technology or other specific circumstances that warrant consideration occur during the year, then the impact on obsolescence is considered at that time. Investments Marketable debt and equity securities are categorized as trading securities and are thus marked to market and stated at fair value. Fair value is determined using the quoted closing or latest bid prices for Level 1 investments and market standard valuation methodologies for Level 2 investments. Realized gains and losses on investment transactions are determined by specific identification and are recognized as incurred in the consolidated statements of operations. Net unrealized gains and losses are reported in the consolidated statements of operations and represent the change in the fair value of investment holdings during the period. Long Lived Asset Impairment Property and equipment, and intangible assets subject to amortization are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. The amount of the impairment loss to be recorded is calculated by the excess over its fair value of the asset s carrying value. Fair value is generally determined using a discounted cash flow analysis. Inflation The overall effects of inflation on the Company s business during fiscal 2023 and 2022 have been significant relative to prior years. The Company monitors the prices it charges for its products and services on an ongoing basis and has been able to adjust its prices to take into account future changes in the rate of inflation. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Contractual Obligations The Company had no long-term or short-term debt as of September 30, 2023 and there was no long-term debt facility in place at September 30, 2023. In April 2020, a financial institution issued an irrevocable standby letter of credit letter of credit on behalf of the Company for the benefit of one of the Company s insurance carriers. The maximum amount that can be drawn by the beneficiary under the letter of credit is 150,000. The letter of credit expires in April 2024, unless terminated earlier, and can be extended, as provided by the agreement. The Company intends to renew the letter of credit for as long as the Company does business with the beneficiary insurance carrier. The letter is collateralized by restricted cash of the same amount on any outstanding drawings. To date, no amounts have been drawn under the letter of credit. On August 28, 2020, the Company entered into a three year operating lease for property related to the manufacturing and warehousing of the Blaw-Knox paver business. The lease term was for the period September 1, 2020 through August 31, 2023. In March 2023, the Company extended the lease term through August 31, 2024. On October 9, 2020, the Company entered into an operating lease for additional warehousing space for paver inventory. The lease term is for one year beginning November 2020 with automatic one-year renewals. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements None 

ITEM 7A 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not applicable 

ITEM 8 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 21 

Table of Contents 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

G ENCOR
 I NDUSTRIES
, I NC

. 

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

23

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 

26

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 

27

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 

28

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 

29

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

30

All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

22 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Gencor Industries, Inc.: 

Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Gencor Industries, Inc. (the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). We have also audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013)

 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013)

 issued by COSO. 

 Basis for Opinions 

The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Item 9A, Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

23 

Table of Contents 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and the receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Allowance for Slow-Moving and Obsolete Inventories 

As disclosed in Note 1 of the notes to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company records an estimated allowance for slow-moving and obsolete inventories to state the Company s inventories at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The Company relies on, among other things, past usage, sales experience, recent order and quote activity, possible alternative uses, future sales forecasts, and its strategic business plan to develop the estimate. As a result of management s assessment, the Company recorded an allowance for slow-moving and obsolete inventories of approximately 9,813,000 as of September 30, 2023. 

Auditing management s estimate of the allowance for slow-moving and obsolete inventories involved subjective evaluation and high degree of auditor judgement due to significant assumptions involved in estimating future inventory turnover and sales. 

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested operating effectiveness of certain internal controls that address the risks of material misstatement relating to recording inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. We tested the accuracy and completeness of the underlying data used in calculating the inventory allowance, including testing of a sample of inventory usage transactions, and recomputed the allowance calculation. We also evaluated the Company s ability to accurately estimate the assumptions used to develop the estimate by comparing historical allowance amounts to the history of actual inventory write-offs. Furthermore, we reviewed management s business plan and forecasts of future sales. 

24 

Table of Contents 
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers Where Revenue Is Recognized Over Time 

As disclosed in Note 1 of the notes to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenues from contracts with customers for the design, manufacture and sale of custom equipment over time when the performance obligation is satisfied by transferring control of the equipment. Control of the equipment transfers over time, as the equipment is unique to the specific contract and thus does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Company. Revenues and costs are recognized in proportion to actual labor costs incurred, as compared with total estimated labor costs expected to be incurred, during the entire contract. Changes to total estimated contract costs or losses, if any, are recognized in the period in which they are determined. The Company recorded approximately 34,150,000 in revenue from custom equipment sales contracts during the year ended September 30, 2023. 

Auditing management s estimate of total estimated labor costs expected to be incurred for the entire contract with respect to incomplete contracts, and the percentage of completion on those contracts as of the end of the year involved subjective evaluation and a high degree of auditor judgement due to significant assumptions involved in estimating total labor costs to complete. 

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested operating effectiveness of certain internal controls that address the risks of material misstatement relating to recording revenue from contracts with customers where revenue is recognized over time. We tested the accuracy and completeness of the underlying data used in calculating the percentage of completion on incomplete contracts, including review of contracts, change orders, and underlying labor and material costs, and recomputed the percentage of completion on individual contracts. We also evaluated the Company s ability to accurately estimate the assumptions used to develop the estimate by comparing historical cost estimates to actual costs on completed contracts. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2001. 

/s/ MSL, P.A. 

Certified Public Accountants 
 PCAOB ID Number: 

December 13
, 2023 
 
 2 5

Table of Contents 

Part I. Financial Information 

 GENCOR INDUSTRIES, INC. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 As of September 30, 2023 and 2022 

ASSETS

2023

2022

Current assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Marketable securities at fair value (cost of at September 30, 2023 and at September 30, 2022)

Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of at September 30, 2023 and at September 30, 2022

Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings

Inventories, net

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

Property and equipment, net

Deferred and other income taxes

Other long-term assets

Total Assets

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable

Customer deposits

Accrued expenses

Current operating lease liabilities

Total current liabilities

Non-current
 operating lease liabilities

Total liabilities

Commitments and contingencies

Shareholders equity:

Preferred stock, par value . per share; shares authorized; issued

Common stock, par value . per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2023 and 2022

Class B Stock, par value . per share; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2023 and 2022

Capital in excess of par value

Retained earnings

Total shareholders equity

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 2 6

Table of Contents 

GENCOR INDUSTRIES, INC. 

 Consolidated Statements of Operations 

 For the Years Ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 

2023

2022

Net revenue

Cost of goods sold

Gross profit

Operating expenses:

Product engineering and development

Selling, general and administrative

Total operating expenses

Operating income

Other income (expense), net:

Interest and dividend income, net of fees

Realized and unrealized gains (losses) on marketable securities, net

() 
 
 Other

() 

) 

Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit)

() 
 
 Income tax expense (benefit)

() 

Net income (loss)

() 

Basic earnings (loss) per common share

() 

Diluted earnings (loss) per common share

() 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 2 7

Table of Contents 

GENCOR INDUSTRIES, INC. 

 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 

 For the Years Ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 

Common Stock 

Class B Stock 

Capital in Excess of 

Retained 

Total Shareholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Par Value 

Earnings 

Equity 

September 30, 2021

Net loss

() 

() 

September 30, 2022

Net income

September 30, 2023

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 2 8

Table of Contents 

GENCOR INDUSTRIES, INC. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 For the Years Ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 

2023

2022

Cash flows from operating activities:

Net income (loss)

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities:

Purchase of marketable securities

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from sale and maturity of marketable securities

Change in value of marketable securities

() 

Deferred and other income taxes

() 

() 
 
 Depreciation and amortization

Provision for doubtful accounts

Loss on disposal of assets

Changes in assets and liabilities, excluding the initial effects of business combinations:

Accounts receivable

() 
 
 Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings

() 
 
 Inventories

() 

() 
 
 Prepaid expenses

() 
 
 Accounts payable

() 

Customer deposits

Accrued expenses and other

() 

Total adjustments

() 

() 

Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities

() 

Cash flows used in investing activities:

Capital expenditures

() 

() 

Cash flows used in investing activities

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents

() 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at:

Beginning of year

End of year

Non-cash
 investing and financing activities:

Operating lease right-of-use

 assets

Operating lease liabilities

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 2 9

Table of Contents 

GENCOR INDUSTRIES, INC. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For the Years Ended September 30, 2023 and 2022 

() 

() 
 
 Common stock equivalents

Diluted EPS

() 

() 

Corporate Bonds

Government Securities

Cash and Money Funds

Total

Net unrealized gains reported during fiscal 2023 on trading securities still held as of September 30, 2023, were . There were transfers of investments between Level 1 and Level 2 during the year ended September 30, 2023. 
 was transferred from the investment portfolio to cash to fund operating needs of the business during fiscal 2023.

Mutual Funds

Exchange-Traded Funds

Corporate Bonds

Government Securities

Cash and Money Funds

Total

Net unrealized losses reported during fiscal 2022 on trading securities still held as of September 30, 2022, were ). There were transfers of investments between Level 1 and Level 2 during the year ended September 30, 2022. 

old by , the cost basis of inventories four to old by , and the cost basis of inventories greater than old to . Inventory is typically reviewed for obsolescence on an annual basis computed as of September 30, the Company s fiscal year end. If significant known changes in trends, technology or other specific circumstances that warrant consideration occur during the year, then the impact on obsolescence is considered at that time. 

Charged to cost of sales

Disposal of inventory, net of recoveries

() 

() 

Balance, end of year

Buildings improvements

- 

Equipment

- 
 
 such impairment losses were recorded during the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Equipment sales recognized at a point in time

Parts and component sales

Freight revenue

Other

Net revenue

Revenues from contracts with customers for the design, manufacture and sale of custom equipment are recognized over time when the performance obligation is satisfied by transferring control of the equipment. Control of the equipment transfers over time, as the equipment is unique to the specific contract and thus does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Company. Revenues and costs are recognized in proportion to actual labor costs incurred, as compared with total estimated labor costs expected to be incurred, during the entire contract. All incremental costs related to obtaining a contract are expensed as incurred, as the amortization period is less than one year. Changes to total estimated contract costs or losses, if any, are recognized in the period in which they are determined. 
 Contract assets (excluding accounts receivable) under contracts with customers represent revenue recognized in excess of amounts billed on equipment sales recognized over time. These contract assets were and at September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and are included in current assets as costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. The Company anticipates that all of the contract assets at September 30, 2023, will be billed and collected within . 
 Revenues from all other contracts for the design and manufacture of equipment, for service and for parts sales, net of any discounts and return allowances, are recorded at a point in time when control of the goods or
 services has been transferred. Control of the goods or service typically transfers at time of shipment or upon completion of the service. 

and at September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively. 
 Product warranty costs are estimated using historical experience and known issues and are charged to production costs as revenue is recognized. 

Warranties issued

Warranties settled

() 

() 

Balance, end of year

Provisions for estimated returns and allowances, and other adjustments are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded. Returns and allowances, which reduce product revenue, are estimated using historical experience. 
 Under certain contracts with customers, recognition of a portion of the consideration received may be deferred and recorded as a contract liability if the Company has to satisfy a future obligation, such as to provide installation assistance. There were no contract liabilities other than customer deposits at September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022. Customer deposits related to contracts with customers were and at September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and are included in current liabilities on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Company records revenues earned for shipping and handling as freight revenue at the time of shipment, regardless of whether or not it is identified as a separate performance obligation. The cost of shipping and handling is classified as production costs concurrently with the revenue recognition. 
 All product engineering and development costs, and selling, general and administrative expenses are charged to operations as incurred. Provision is made for any anticipated contract losses in the period that the loss becomes evident. 
 The allowance for doubtful accounts is determined by performing a specific review of all account balances greater than 90 days past due and other higher risk amounts to determine collectability, and also adjusting for any known customer payment issues with account balances in the less-than-90-day

 past due aging category. Account balances are charged off against the allowance for doubtful accounts when they are determined to be uncollectible. Any recoveries of account balances previously considered in the allowance for doubtful accounts reduce future additions to the allowance for doubtful accounts. The allowance for doubtful accounts also includes an estimate for returns and allowances. Provisions for estimated returns and allowances and other adjustments, are provided for in the same period the related sales are recorded. Returns and allowances, which reduce product revenue, are estimated using known issues and historical experience. 

Provision for doubtful accounts

Provision for estimated returns and allowances

Uncollectible accounts written off

() 

() 
 
 Returns and allowances issued

() 

() 

Balance, end of year

such valuation allowances were recorded as of September 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 The Company s income tax provision is based on management s estimate of the effective tax rate for the full year. The tax provision in any period will be affected by, among other things, permanent, as well as temporary differences in the deductibility of certain items, in addition to changes in tax legislation. As a result, the Company may experience significant fluctuations in the effective book tax rate (that is, its tax expense divided by pre-tax
 book income) from period to period. The Company s effective tax rates for fiscal 2023 and 2022 reflect the impact of the reduced rates under the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Reform Act which was signed into law on December 22, 2017. 
 and , and total long-term assets of and , respectively, were attributed to the United States. Revenues are attributed to geographic areas based on the location of the assets producing the revenues. 
 of net revenue. customer accounted for or more of net revenue for the year ended September 30, 2022. 
 
 3 5

Table of Contents 

Work in process

Finished goods

Inventories, net

Slow-moving and obsolete inventory reserves were and at September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Estimated earnings

Billings to date

Costs and estimated earnings in excess of billings

Buildings and improvements

Equipment

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net

Property and equipment includes approximately and of fully depreciated assets, which remained in service during fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. Also, included in property and 
equipment as of September 30, 2023 and 2022 is approximately and , respectively, of assets not yet placed in operation and, therefore, not subject to depreciation during the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 3 6

Table of Contents 

Warranty and related accruals

Property tax accruals

Income taxes payable 

Professional fees

Other

Accrued expenses

State

Total current

Deferred:

Federal

() 

() 
 
 State

() 

Total deferred

() 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit)

() 

() 
 
 State income taxes, net of federal benefit

() 
 
 Research development tax refunds credits

() 
 
 Dividend received deduction

() 
 
 Other, net

() 

Effective income tax rate

() 

Allowance for doubtful accounts

Inventory

Unrealized loss on investments

Net operating losses carryforwards

Gross Deferred Income Tax Assets

Deferred and Other Tax Liabilities:

Domestic international sales corporation

() 
 
 Property and equipment

() 

() 
 
 Unrecognized tax benefits

() 

() 

Gross Deferred and Other Income Tax Liabilities

() 

() 

Net Deferred and Other Income Tax Assets

Total income taxes paid in fiscal 2023 and 2022 were and , respectively. 
 GAAP prescribes a comprehensive model for the financial recognition, measurement, classification, and disclosure of 

uncertain tax positions. GAAP contains a two-step
 approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, based on the technical merits of the position. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement. 
 Significant judgment is required in evaluating the Company s uncertain tax position and determining the Company s provision for taxes. Although the Company believes the reserves of unrecognized tax benefits UTB s are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these matters will not be different from that which is reflected in the Company s historical income tax provision and accruals. The Company adjusts these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances. As of September 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had UTB s of and 
 . The Company accrued and of UTB s in the years ended September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022, respectively. UTB s of at September 30, 2021 were used in the year ended September 30, 2022. 

The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to UTB s as a component of income tax expense. There were additional accruals of interest expense nor penalties of significance during fiscal years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022. It is reasonably possible that the amount of the UTB s with respect to certain unrecognized tax positions will increase or decrease during the next 12 months. The Company does not expect the change to have a material effect on its results of operations or its financial position. The only expected potential reason for change would be the ultimate results stemming from any examinations by taxing authorities. If recognized, the entire amount of UTB s would have an impact on the Company s effective income tax rate. 
 The effective income tax rate for fiscal 2023 was versus in fiscal 2022. 
 In fiscal 2022, the Company generated of federal research and development tax credits R D Credits ), all of which were used in fiscal 2022. There were R D Credits generated in fiscal 2023 and there were carryforwards of R D Credits as of September 30, 2023 or September 30, 2022. 

and to expense under the provisions of the plan during the years ended September 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 long-term debt outstanding at September 30, 2023 or 2022. The Company does not currently require a credit facility. 
 In April 2020, a financial institution issued an irrevocable standby letter of credit letter of credit on behalf of the Company for the benefit of one of the Company s insurance carriers. The maximum amount that can be drawn by the beneficiary under the letter of credit is . The letter of credit expires in April 2024, unless terminated earlier, and can be extended, as provided by the agreement. The Company intends to renew the letter of credit for as long as the Company does business with the beneficiary insurance carrier. The letter is collateralized by restricted cash of the same amount on any outstanding drawings. To date, no amounts have been drawn under the letter of credit. 
 and , respectively. 
 On August 28, 2020, the Company entered into a operating lease for property related to the manufacturing and warehousing of the Blaw-Knox assets. The lease term was for the period beginning on September 1, 2020 through . In accordance with ASU 2016-02,
 the Company recorded a ROU asset totaling and related lease liabilities at inception. In March 2023, the Company extended the lease term through August 31, 2024. In accordance with ASU 2016-02,
 the Company recorded a ROU asset totaling and related lease liabilities upon extension. 
 On October 9, 2020, the Company entered into an operating lease for additional warehousing space. The original lease term was for beginning November 2020 with automatic one-year
 renewals. In accordance with ASU 2016-02,
 the Company recorded a ROU asset totaling and related lease liabilities at inception. An additional was recorded as a ROU asset and related lease liability in October 2021 to reflect the impact of the lease renewal. In March 2022, the ROU asset and related liability was reduced by to reflect the impact of a reduction in the square footage being leased. 
 For the year ended September 30, 2023, operating lease costs were and cash payments related to these operating leases were . For the year ended September 30, 2022, operating lease costs were and cash payments related to
 these operating leases were . 

Current operating lease liability

Non-current
 operating lease liability

Weighted average remaining lease term (in years)

Weighted average discount rate used in calculating ROU asset

Less interest

() 

Present value of lease liabilities

of the Company s Board of Directors, and conversely, holders of Class B stock will be entitled to elect approximately of the Company s Board of Directors. During the period when shares of common stock and Class B stock are outstanding, certain matters submitted to a vote of shareholders will also require approval of the holders of common stock and Class B stock, each voting separately as a class. Common stock and Class B shareholders have equal rights with respect to dividends, preferences, and rights, including rights in liquidation. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 

On March 17, 2009, the shareholders of the Company approved the 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2009 Plan ). The 2009 Plan expired on , and remaining outstanding options were cancelled on . There were no other equity compensation plans and arrangements previously approved by security holders as of September 30, 2023 and September 30, 2022. 
 
 40

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None 

ITEM 9A 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The Company s President (who is currently serving as the Company s Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based upon that evaluation, the President and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective. Because of inherent limitations, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of such disclosure controls and procedures are met and no evaluation can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company has been detected. As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report, the Company conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including the Company s President and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(b). Based on this evaluation, the Company s President and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2023. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) for the Company. The Company s internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance to the Company s management and Board of Directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of all internal control systems no matter how well designed. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and presentation of financial statements. Furthermore, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of a change in circumstances or conditions. In order to ensure that the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective, management regularly assesses such controls and did so most recently as of September 30, 2023. This assessment was based on criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management believes the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023. Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023 has been audited by MSL, P.A., an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in Item 8 under the heading Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting The Company s management, including the President and Chief Financial Officer, has reviewed the Company s internal control over financial reporting. There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the year ended September 30, 2023 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9B 
 OTHER INFORMATION None 

ITEM 9C 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable PART III 

ITEM 10 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM 11 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM 12 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required by this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM 13 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

ITEM 14 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 A listing of financial statements and financial statement schedules filed as part of this Annual Report and which financial statements and schedules are incorporated into this report by reference, is set forth in the Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules in Item 8 hereof. 

(b) 
 Exhibit Index 

EXHIBIT NUMBER 
 
 DESCRIPTION 
 
 FILED HEREWITH 

3.1 
 
 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registration No. 33-627(P) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Gencor Industries, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2007 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment, changing name of Mechtron International Corporation to Gencor Industries, Inc. and adding a twelfth article regarding director liability limitation, incorporated by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1987(P) 

4.1 
 
 Form of Common Stock certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registration No. 33-627(P) 

4.2 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended 
 
 X 

10.1 
 
 The Company s 2009 Incentive Compensation Plan, as incorporated by reference to the Company s 2009 Proxy Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Schedule 14A on January 28, 2009 

10.2 
 
 Form of Agreement for Nonqualified Stock Options granted in 1986, incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1986(P) 

10.3 
 
 1997 Stock Option Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Company s Proxy Statement on 14A, filed March 3, 1997 

10.4 
 
 First Amendment to the Stock Option Plan Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2005 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 
 X 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accountants 
 
 X 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 X 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 X 

32.1 
 
 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U. S. C. Section 1350 
 
 X 

97.1 
 
 Clawback Policy 
 
 X 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

EXHIBIT NUMBER 
 
 DESCRIPTION 
 
 FILED HEREWITH 

101 
 
 Interactive Data File 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 X 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 X 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 X 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 X 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 X 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 X 

104 
 
 The cover page from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2023, formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101) 
 
 X 

ITEM 16 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY None 
 44 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: December 13, 2023 

GENCOR INDUSTRIES, INC. (Registrant) 

/s/ Marc G. Elliott 

Marc G. Elliott 

President Director 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. The signatures of Directors constitute a majority of Directors. 

/s/ E.J. Elliott 

/s/ Marc G. Elliott 

E.J. Elliott 
 
 December 13, 2023 

Marc G. Elliott 
 
 December 13, 2023 
 
 Chairman 

President Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Eric E. Mellen 

Eric E. Mellen 
 
 December 13, 2023 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ General John G. Coburn 

/s/ Walter A. Ketcham 

Gen. John G. Coburn 
 
 December 13, 2023 

Walter A. Ketcham 
 
 December 13, 2023 
 
 Director 

Director 

/s/ Thomas A. Vecchiolla 

Thomas A. Vecchiolla 
 
 December 13, 2023 

Director 

45 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 d551240dex42.htm
 EX-4.2

EX-4.2 

EXHIBIT 4.2 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED
 The following is a summary of all material characteristics of the capital stock of Gencor Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation Gencor, the Company, we, us, or our ), as set forth in our Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (our Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated By-laws, (our Bylaws ), and as registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The summary does not purport to be complete and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws, each of which are incorporated by reference as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.2 is
a part and to the provisions of the Delaware General Corporate Law (the DGCL ). Refer to complete copies of our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws, and the applicable provisions of the DGCL for additional information. 
 General Our authorized capital stock consists of
15,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value 0.10 per share (our Common Stock ), 12,338,845 shares of which were issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2023; 6,000,000 shares of Class B Stock, par value 0.10 per share (our
 Class B Stock ), 2,318,857 shares of which were issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2023; and 300,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value 0.10 per share (our Preferred Stock ), none of which were issued and
outstanding as of September 30, 2023. Under our Certificate of Incorporation, our board of directors (our Board has the authority to issue such shares of our Common Stock and our Preferred Stock in one or more classes or series,
with such voting powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, if any, as shall be provided for in a resolution or resolutions
adopted by our Board and filed as designations. Rights of our Common Stock and our Class B Stock 
 Voting Rights Each share of our Class B Stock
entitles the holder thereof to one vote on all matters submitted to stockholders, except that holders of our Common Stock have the right, voting as a class, to elect approximately 25 percent of our Board and the holders of our Class B
Stock have the right, voting as a class, to elect approximately 75 percent of our Board. Where adjustment is required, the holders of our Class B Stock are entitled to elect 75 percent of our Board calculated to the nearest whole
number rounding any fractional number of five-tenths or more to the next highest whole number, and the holders of our Common Stock will be entitled to elect the balance of the directors. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that holders of our Common Stock and our Class B Stock, each such class voting separately as a class, shall be
required on: 

(i) 
 any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into any other corporation; or any sale, lease, exchange, or
other disposition of all or substantially all of our assets to or with any other person except where such merger or transaction is with a majority-owned subsidiary of ours; or any dissolution of us; 

(ii) 
 any additional issuance of shares of our Class B Stock other than in connection with stock splits and
stock dividends on shares of our Class B Stock or the exercise of stock options by holders of our Class B Stock; 

(iii) 
 any modification, alteration or amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation; and 

(iv) 
 any other matters requiring a separate vote by classes provided for under the DGCL. 

Any action that can be taken at a meeting of the stockholders may be taken by written consent in lieu of the
meeting if we receive consents signed by stockholders having the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to approve the action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote on the matter were present. 
 Dividends and Distributions (Including Distributions upon Liquidation) 
 Holders of our Common Stock and our Class B Stock are entitled to receive cash dividends at the same rate if and when declared by our Board out of funds
legally available therefor, subject to the dividend and liquidation rights of any Preferred Stock that may be issued and outstanding. With respect to distributions other than cash dividends, all other distributions, including stock dividends and all
other distributions and rights including distributions upon liquidation, our Common Stock and our Class B Stock will rank equally and have the same rights, except that stock dividends and stock splits of our Common Stock and our Class B
Stock will be payable or made to the holders of each such class only in the shares of such class. Restrictions on Transfers of our Class B Stock
(Conversion of our Class B Stock into our Common Stock) As more fully described below, our Class B Stock is not transferable as our
Class B Stock except to certain eligible transferees including such holder s spouse, certain of such holder s relatives, certain trusts established for their benefit, corporations and partnerships principally owned by such holders,
their relatives and such trusts, charitable organizations and such holder s estate. Accordingly, there is no trading market for shares of our Class B Stock. Other than pursuant to conversions into shares of our Common Stock as described
below, the holder of shares of our Class B Stock may transfer such shares (whether by sale, assignment, gift, bequest, appointment, or otherwise) only to a permitted transferee (a Permitted Transferee defined generally as follows:

(i) 
 The spouse of the holder of such Class B Stock; 

(ii) 
 Any lineal descendant of a grandparent of such holder of our Class B Stock, including adopted children,
and any spouse of such lineal descendant (said descendants, together with such stockholder and such stockholder s spouse, being hereinafter referred to as such Class B Stockholder s Family Members 

(iii) 
 A trust principally for the benefit of such Class B Stockholder s Family Members and charitable
organizations; 

(iv) 
 Any charitable organization; 

(v) 
 A partnership or corporation, a majority of the beneficial ownership of which is owned by such holder of
Class B Stock and/or one or more of his or her Permitted Transferees; and 

(vi) 
 The estate of such holder of our Class B Stock. 
 Shares of our Class B Stock held by a partnership or corporation may be transferred to a person who transferred such shares to such partnership or
corporation (and to such person s Permitted Transferees). Shares of our Class B Stock may, upon certain circumstances, also be transferred by a corporation or by a partnership to its successor. Shares held by trusts which are irrevocable
at the time of issuance of our Class B Stock may be transferred to any person to whom or for whose benefit principal may be distributed under the terms of the trust and such person s Permitted Transferees. Shares held by all other trusts
may be transferred to the person who established such trust and such person s Permitted Transferees. Shares held by estates of Class B stockholders may be transferred to Permitted Transferees of such Class B shareholders. 
 Any transfer of shares of our Class B Stock not permitted under our Certificate of Incorporation will result in the conversion of the transferee s
shares of our Class B stock into shares of our Common Stock, effective as of the day on which certificates representing such shares are presented for transfer on our books. 
 2 

Conversion Rights Applicable to Our Class B Stock 
 Our Class B Stock will be convertible on a share-for-share basis at all
times other than while our stock transfer books are closed for any purpose. Any shares surrendered for conversion while the stock transfer books are closed will be converted immediately upon reopening the stock transfer books as of the day such
shares were surrendered for conversion. Holders of our Common Stock are not entitled to exchange or otherwise convert shares of our Common Stock into shares of our Class B Stock. Shares of our Class B stock are also subject to conversion
in the event of presentation for transfer to other than a Permitted Transferee, as outlined above, and automatic conversion as outlined below. 
 Automatic Conversion of Our Class B Stock All
shares of our outstanding Class B Stock will be converted into shares of our Common Stock on a share-for-share basis automatically and without further action of our
Board or the holders thereof if at any time (i) the number of outstanding shares of our Class B Stock as reflected on our stock transfer books falls below 100,000 shares, or (ii) our Board and the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of our Class B Stock approve the conversion of all of the outstanding shares of our Class B Stock into our Common Stock. In the event of such conversion, certificates formerly representing outstanding shares of our
Class B Stock will thereafter be deemed to represent a like number of shares of our Common Stock. Other 
 Our currently outstanding Common Stock does not carry any preemptive rights enabling a holder to subscribe for or receive shares of stock of any class or any
other securities convertible into shares of our stock. We deliver to the holders of our Class B Stock the same information and reports which we deliver to holders of our Common Stock. We expect our Common Stock to remain registered under the
Exchange Act but do not intend to register our Class B Stock under the Exchange Act unless such registration is required by law. Transfer Agent
 The transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is Continental Stock Transfer and Trust Company. 
 Preferred Stock Our Board may, without further action by
our stockholders, from time to time, direct the issuance of shares of our Preferred Stock in series and may, at the time of issuance, determine the rights, preferences and limitations of each series. Satisfaction of any dividend preferences of
outstanding shares of our Preferred Stock would reduce the amount of funds available for the payment of dividends on shares of our Common Stock. Holders of shares of our Preferred Stock may be entitled to receive a preference payment in the event of
any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of us before any payment is made to the holders of shares of our Common Stock. Under certain circumstances, the issuance of shares of our Preferred Stock may render
more difficult or tend to discourage a merger, tender offer or proxy contest, the assumption of control by a holder of a large block of our securities or the removal of incumbent management. Our Board, without stockholder approval, may issue shares
of our Preferred Stock with voting and conversion rights which could adversely affect holders of shares of our Common Stock. Anti-Takeover Effects of
Certain Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws, and the DGCL Certain provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and our
Bylaws, as well as certain provisions of the DGCL, may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter, or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider to be in its best interests, including attempts
that might result in a premium being paid over the market price of the shares held by stockholders. These provisions contained in our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws include the items described below. 

Class B Stockholders Elect 75 of our Board . Our Certificate of Incorporation provides
that the holders of our Class B Stockholders are entitled to elect approximately 75 of our Board. Provisions of this type may serve to delay or prevent an acquisition of us or a change in our directors and officers. 
 3 

Approval of Certain Actions. Our Certificate of Incorporation provide that certain mergers,
consolidations, sales of assets, and other matters be approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding Common Stock and the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding Class B Stock, in each case voting separately as a
class. 

Special Meetings of Stockholders. Our Bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be
called only by the President, by the President or Secretary at the request of a majority of our Board, or at the request in writing of the holders of a majority of the shares of our stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at any meeting at
which our directors are elected. 

Stockholder Advance Notice Procedures. Our Bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to present proposals
before a meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders must provide timely notice in writing to the Secretary and also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder s
notice. These provisions may delay or preclude stockholders from bringing matters before a meeting of our stockholders or from making nominations for directors at a meeting of stockholders, which could delay or deter takeover attempts or changes in
our management. 

No Cumulative Voting. Our Certificate of Incorporation does not include a provision for cumulative voting
for directors. Under cumulative voting, a minority stockholder holding a sufficient percentage of a class of shares could be able to ensure the election of one or more directors. 

Undesignated Preferred Stock. Because our Board has the power to establish the preferences and rights of
the shares of any additional series of our Preferred Stock, it may afford holders of any Preferred Stock preferences, powers, and rights, including voting and dividend rights, senior to the rights of holders of our Common Stock, which could
adversely affect the holders of our Common Stock and could discourage a takeover of us even if a change of control of Gencor would be beneficial to the interests of our stockholders. 
 These and other provisions contained in our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate
takeover bids. These provisions are also designed to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our Board. However, these provisions could delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in
control of us, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then current prices. Such provisions could also limit the ability of stockholders to remove current management or approve
transactions that stockholders may deem to be in their best interests. In addition, we are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL.
Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person became an interested stockholder,
unless: 

The board of directors of the corporation approved the business combination or other transaction in which the
person became an interested stockholder prior to the date of the business combination or other transaction; 

Upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the person becoming an interested stockholder, the person
owned at least 85 of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the number of shares outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers of the
corporation and shares issued under which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or 

on or subsequent to the date the person became an interested stockholder, the board of directors of the
corporation approved the business combination and the stockholders of the corporation authorized the business combination at an annual or special meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least
 66-2/3 of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 4 

A business combination includes mergers, asset sales, and other transactions resulting in a
financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Subject to certain exceptions, an interested stockholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or within the prior three years did own, 15 or more of a
corporation s voting stock. Section 203 of the DGCL could depress our stock price and delay, discourage, or prohibit transactions not approved
in advance by our Board, such as takeover attempts that might otherwise involve the payment to our stockholders of a premium over the market price of our Common Stock. 
 5 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 d551240dex211.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

EXHIBIT 21.1 
 GENCOR INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT All of the
operating subsidiaries of Gencor Industries, Inc., a Delaware corporation, listed below are included in the Consolidated Financial Statements: 

State in Which Incorporated 
 
 Country in
Which Incorporated 

Bituma-Stor, Inc. 
 
 Iowa 
 
 USA 

Bituma Corporation 
 
 Washington 
 
 USA 

Blaw-Knox Corporation 
 
 Florida 
 
 USA 

Equipment Services Group, Inc. 
 
 Florida 
 
 USA 

Gencor Energy Corp. 
 
 Florida 
 
 USA 

Gencor Holdings International Corp. 
 
 Florida 
 
 USA 

General Combustion Corporation 
 
 Florida 
 
 USA 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 d551240dex231.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23.1 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form
 S-8 (SEC File Number 333-61769) and in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (SEC File Number
 33-198301) of Gencor Industries, Inc. (the Company of our report dated December 13, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of September 30, 2023 and
2022, and for each of the years in the two-year period ended September 30, 2023, and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2023, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. 

/s/ MSL, P.A. 

MSL, P.A. 
 
 Certified Public Accountants 
 
 PCAOB ID Number: 569 

Orlando, Florida 
 
 December 13, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 d551240dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION I, Mr. Marc G. Elliott,
certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Gencor Industries,
Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I, are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report
is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting, and; 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal controls. 

Date: December 13, 2023 

/s/ Marc G. Elliott 

Marc G. Elliott 

President 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 d551240dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION I, Mr. Eric E. Mellen,
certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Gencor Industries,
Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual
report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I, are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 (f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report
is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting, and; 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal controls. 

Date: December 13, 2023 

/s/ Eric E. Mellen 

Eric E. Mellen 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 d551240dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In
connection with the Annual Report of Gencor Industries, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the Annual Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all materials respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Marc G. Elliott 
 
 Marc G. Elliott 
 
 President 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

December 13, 2023 

/s/ Eric E. Mellen 
 
 Eric E. Mellen 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

December 13, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-97.1>
 8
 d551240dex971.htm
 EX-97.1

EX-97.1 

EXHIBIT 97.1 
 GENCOR INDUSTRIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Rule 10D-1 Clawback Policy 

1. 
 Recoupment of Incentive-Based Compensation 
 The purpose of this policy (this Policy is to permit Gencor Industries, Inc. Gencor or the Company to
recover any Incentive-Based Compensation received by a Covered Executive during the Clawback Period that is in excess of the amount that otherwise would have been received had it been determined based on the restated financial statements, in the
event that Gencor is required to prepare an accounting restatement of Gencor s financial statements due to material non-compliance with any financial reporting requirements under U.S. federal securities
laws (an Accounting Restatement ). 

2. 
 Policy Administration and Definitions 
 This Policy shall be administered by the Board of Directors of Gencor Industries, Inc. (the Board ). 
 For purposes of this Policy: 
 Incentive-Based Compensation means any compensation granted, earned or vested based in whole or in part on the
Company s attainment of a Financial Reporting Measure that was received by a Covered Executive (i) on or after October 2, 2023 and after the person began service as a Covered Executive, and (ii) who served as a Covered Executive
at any time during the performance period for the Incentive-Based Compensation. A Financial Reporting Measure 
is (i) any measure that is determined and presented in accordance with the accounting principles used in preparing Gencor s financial statements and any measure derived wholly or in part from such a measure, and (ii) any measure based
in whole or in part on Gencor s stock price or total shareholder return. Incentive-Based Compensation includes cash compensation and any equity awards to the extent based in whole or in part on such attainment. 
 Incentive-Based Compensation is deemed to be r eceived in the fiscal period during which the relevant Financial Reporting Measure is
attained, regardless of when the compensation is actually paid or awarded. Covered Executive means any
 executive officer of Gencor as defined under Rule 10D-1. Clawback
Period means the three fiscal years immediately preceding the date that Gencor is required to prepare the Accounting Restatement described in this Policy and any transition period of less than nine months that is within or immediately
following such three fiscal years, all as determined pursuant to Rule 10D-1. 

3. 
 Determinations by the Board; Binding Effect 
 If the Board determines that the amount of Incentive-Based Compensation that is received by a Covered Executive during the Clawback Period
exceeds the amount that would have been received if determined or calculated based on Gencor s restated financial results, such excess amount of Incentive-Based Compensation will be subject to mandatory recoupment by the Company on a reasonably
prompt basis pursuant to this Policy. For Incentive-Based Compensation based on stock price or total shareholder return, the Board will
determine the amount based on a reasonable estimate of the effect of the Accounting Restatement on the relevant stock price or total shareholder return. 
 In all cases, the calculation of the excess amount of Incentive-Based Compensation to be recovered will be determined on a pre-tax basis. Any determinations made by the Board under this Policy shall be final, binding and
conclusive on all affected individuals. 
 1 

4. 
 Methods of Clawback 
 The Company may implement a clawback pursuant to this Policy in any manner consistent with applicable law, including by requiring payment of
such amount(s) to the Company, by set-off, by reducing future compensation, or by such other means or combination of means as the Board determines to be appropriate. 
 The Company need not recover the excess amount of Incentive-Based Compensation if and to the extent that the Board determines that such
clawback is impracticable and not required under Rule 10D-1, including, but not limited to, if the Board determines that the direct expense paid to a third party to assist in enforcing this Policy would exceed the amount to be recovered after making
a reasonable attempt to recover such amounts. The Company is authorized to take appropriate steps to implement this Policy with respect to
Incentive-Based Compensation arrangements with Covered Executives and shall not indemnify any Covered Executive against the loss of any Incentive-Based Compensation pursuant to this Policy. 

5. 
 No Impairment of Other Remedies 
 Any right of recoupment under this Policy is in addition to, and not in lieu of, any other remedies or rights of recoupment that may be
available to the Company pursuant to the terms of any similar policy in any employment agreement, equity award agreement, or similar agreement and any other legal remedies available to the Company. 

6. 
 Administration of Policy 
 This policy is intended to comply with Sections 811 and 1003(h) of the NYSE American Company Guide, as required by Section 10D of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10D-1 promulgated thereunder (collectively, the Applicable Rules ). The Board shall have authority to interpret and administer, and from
time to time amend, this policy in a manner consistent with the Applicable Rules and to make all determinations with respect to this policy in its sole discretion which shall be final and binding on all parties; provided, however, that, as
further described above, the Board shall retain discretion to determine whether amounts shall be recovered in the absence of an Accounting Restatement. 
 2 

</EX-97.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 genc-20230930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 genc-20230930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 genc-20230930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 genc-20230930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

