<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231010_10-K_edgar_data_1308027_0001493152-23-036786.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11823587</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>186576</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1506953</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4843188</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2241874</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2635053</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-036786.hdr.sgml : 20231010
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231010171455
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-036786
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231010
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231010

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Vystar Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001308027
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FABRICATED RUBBER PRODUCTS, NEC [3060]
		IRS NUMBER:				202027731
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53754
		FILM NUMBER:		231318739

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		725 SOUTHBRIDGE ST
		CITY:			WORCESTER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01610
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-674-5238

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		725 SOUTHBRIDGE ST
		CITY:			WORCESTER
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01610

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-036786.txt : 20231010

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

georgia 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

,

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrants
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 NONE 
 
 NONE 
 
 NONE 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrants knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 Accelerated Filer 
 
 Accelerated
 Filer 

Smaller
 Reporting Company 

Emerging
 growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As
of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant (based upon the closing sale price of
such shares on the OTC Market on June 30, 2022) was . See Item 12. 

As
of October 9, 2023, there were 
shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

Vystar
Corporation 

 Annual
Report on Form 10-K 

 For
the Year Ended December 31, 2022 

 Table
of Contents 

Part
 I 

Item
 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A 
 
 Risk
 Factors 
 
 6 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 
 11 
 
 Item
 2. 
 
 Properties 
 
 11 
 
 Item
 3. 
 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 
 11 
 
 Item
 4. 
 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 
 12 

Part
 II 

Item
 5. 
 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 12 
 
 Item
 6. 
 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 
 14 
 
 Item
 7. 
 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 14 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 20 
 
 Item
 8. 
 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 20 
 
 Item
 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 21 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 21 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 22 

Part III 

Item
 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 22 
 
 Item
 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 25 
 
 Item
 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 30 

Part IV 

Item
 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 31 
 
 Item
 16. 
 
 Form 10K Summary 
 
 34 
 
 Signatures 
 
 35 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain
oral and written statements made by Vystar Corporation about future events and expectations, including statements in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K (the Report contain forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), that involve
risks and uncertainties. For those statements, we claim the protection of the safe-harbor for forward-looking statements contained in
the Private Securities Litigation Act of 1995. In some cases, forward-looking statements are identified by words such as believe, 
 anticipate, expect, intend, plan, will, may and similar
expressions. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Report
or the statement. All of these forward-looking statements are based on information available to us at this time, and we assume no obligation
to update any of these statements. Actual results could differ from those projected in these forward-looking statements as a result of
many factors, including those identified in Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere. We urge you to review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this
Report, and those detailed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), that
attempt to advise you of the risks and factors that may affect our future results. We qualify any forward-looking statements entirely
by these cautionary factors. 

The
above-mentioned risk factors are not all-inclusive. Given these uncertainties and that such statements, speak only as of the date made;
you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 

Overview 

Vystar
Corporation Vystar , the Company , we, us, or our is based in Worcester,
Massachusetts. The Company uses patented technology to produce a line of innovative air purifiers, which destroy viruses and bacteria
through the use of ultraviolet light. In addition, Vystar manufactures and sells reduced allergen natural rubber latex used primarily
in various bedding products. 

Vystar
has a majority ownership in Murida Furniture Co., Inc. dba Rotmans Furniture, formerly one of the largest independent furniture stores
in the U.S. 

Company
Background 

In
May of 2018, Vystar acquired substantially all of the assets of UV Flu Technologies, Inc. (formerly traded on the OTC under the ticker
UVFT), whose patented ViraTech UV light air purification technology destroys greater than 99 of airborne bacteria, viruses and
other microorganisms and virtually eliminates concentrations of odors and volatile organic compounds VOCs and created
the RxAir division. 

The
RxAir product line includes: 

RXair 
 Residential Filterless Air Purifier 

RX400
 U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA cleared Class II Filterless Air Purifier 

RX3000 
 Commercial FDA cleared Class II Air Purifier 

RxAir
promotes a healthy lifestyle improving the quality of life of each and every customer. Independently tested by the U.S. Environmental
Protection Agency EPA and FDA-certified laboratories, the RxAir has been proven to destroy greater than 99 of bacteria
and viruses and reduce concentrations of odors and VOCs. The RxAir uses high-intensity germicidal UV lamps that destroy bacteria and
viruses instead of just trapping them, setting it apart from ordinary air filtration units. RxAir units are sold online at www.RxAir.com
 and are available through multiple third-party distributors. RxAir and ViraTech are registered trademarks of Vystar
Corporation. 

Vystar
is the exclusive creator of Vytex Natural Rubber Latex NRL ), a multi-patented, all-natural, raw material that contains
significantly reduced levels of the proteins found in natural rubber latex and can be used in over 40,000 products. Vytex NRL is a 100 
renewable resource, environmentally safe, green and fully biodegradable. Vystar is working with manufacturers across a
broad range of consumer and medical products bringing Vytex NRL to market in adhesives, gloves, balloons, condoms, other medical devices
and natural rubber latex foam mattresses, toppers, and pillows. 

In
April of 2018, Vystar acquired the assets of NHS Holdings, LLC NHS to move into direct product offerings made from Vytex 
latex. NHS was the exclusive U.S. distributor of Vystar s Vytex natural rubber latex foam to manufacturers for use in over
200 home furnishings products, including mattresses, toppers, pillows and upholstery, sold through multiple channels. 

4 

In
May of 2019, Vystar acquired the assets of Fluid Energy Conversion Inc. FEC ), primarily consisting of its patent on the
Hughes Reactor, which has the ability to control, enhance, and focus energy in flowing liquids and gases. Vystar intends to use this
technology to enhance the effectiveness of Vystar s RxAir purification system to destroy airborne pathogens while decreasing the
cost and size of Vystar s RxAir units. 

In
July of 2019, Vystar acquired 58 of the outstanding shares of common stock of Murida Furniture Co., Inc. dba Rotmans Furniture Rotmans ),
formerly one of the largest independent furniture retailers in the U.S. Rotmans sold a broad line of residential furniture and decorative
accessories and served customers throughout the New England region. The acquisition enabled Vystar to capitalize on the infrastructure
already in place at Rotmans for accounting, retail sales facilities and staff, customer service, warehousing, and delivery. Rotmans closed
its showroom at the end of 2022. 

In
December of 2020, Vystar selected Corrie MacColl Limited, a subsidiary of global natural rubber supply chain manager Halcyon Agri, as
its exclusive global partner for all aspects of product market development and distribution of patented Vytex deproteinized latex. 

Competition 

RxAir 

The
residential air purification market is a highly fragmented competitive business. Vystar competes with a large number of companies on
many factors including price, quality, innovation, reputation, distribution and promotion. 

Furniture
Store 

Rotmans
closed in December 2022. The retail sale of home furnishings is a highly competitive business. There has been growth in the e-commerce
channel both from internet only retailers and those with a brick-and-mortar presence. We also competed with numerous individual retail
stores as well as chains in our immediate geographic area. Mass merchants and certain department stores also have limited furniture product
offerings. 

Natural
Rubber Latex 

Synthetic
raw materials such as ethylene, propylene, styrene and butadiene compete with NRL. Currently, it is estimated that NRL processors have
lost one-half of the overall latex market to synthetic latex. Despite the switch to non-latex alternatives, it is estimated that almost
70 of exam gloves and nearly 80 of surgical gloves used in U.S. hospitals are still made with NRL. 

Intellectual
Property 

Vystar
currently holds a portfolio of patents and trademarks in the U.S. and other various foreign countries. No assurance can be given that
such patent and trademark protection will provide substantial protection from competition. We are committed to aggressively challenging
any infringements of our patents and/or trademarks. 

Government
Regulation 

We
are not subject to direct governmental regulation other than the laws and regulations generally applicable to businesses in the domestic
and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. 

Our
RxAir400 product was cleared by the FDA as a Class II medical device in November 2008. FDA clearance to sell our product as a Class II
medical device provides invaluable credibility in the marketplace. By granting a listing, the FDA indicates it has reviewed all aspects
of a product, including efficacy of the technology, independent test results and product safety to ensure that the product complies with
our claims. Few air purification products are listed by the FDA, and it is extremely important that we expend the resources necessary
to maintain this listing as a Class II medical device with the FDA. 

5 

Seasonality 

Our
business is affected by traditional retail seasonality, advertising and promotion programs and general economic trends. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, Vystar had one employee, Steven Rotman, CEO. Rotmans had 4 full-time employees. None of the employees are represented
by a labor organization or a party to any collective bargaining arrangement. 

Corporate
Information 

Vystar
Corporation is a Georgia corporation that was incorporated in 2003. Our predecessor company, Vystar LLC, was formed by our founder, Travis
Honeycutt, in February 2000 as a Georgia limited liability company. Our corporate office is located at 725 Southbridge Street, Worcester,
Massachusetts 01610. Our website address is www.vystarcorp.com. 

The
information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not a part of this Report. We have links on our website to
reports, information statements, and other information that we file electronically with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC,
at the Internet website maintained by the SEC, www.sec.gov. In addition to visiting our website and the SEC s website, you may
read and copy public reports we file with or furnish to the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington,
D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 

Our
business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties many of which are beyond our control that may cause our actual
operating results or financial performance to be materially different from our expectations. If one or more of the events discussed below
were to occur, actual outcomes could differ materially from those expressed in or implied by any forward-looking statements we make in
this report or our other filings with the SEC, and our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity could be materially
adversely affected; furthermore, the trading price of our common stock could decline and our shareholders could lose all or part of their
investment. 

Vystar
presently does not generate the cash needed to finance its current and anticipated operations. 

The
Company is still in the early stage of establishing our business including attracting new customers and increasing sales. Our financial
success will be dependent upon the soundness of our business concept, our management s ability to successfully and profitably execute
our plan, and our ability to raise additional capital. 

Our
limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate our business. We expect to make significant future operating expenditures to
develop and expand our business into areas such as OEM product lines and offerings in the mattress and furniture arenas. We may incur
significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including due to the other risks described in this Report, and we may encounter
unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications and delays and other unknown events. Accordingly, we may not be able to achieve or maintain
profitability, and we may incur significant losses for the foreseeable future. See additional discussion under Liquidity and Capital
Resources. 

At
December 31, 2022 our cash position was 12,274 and we had an accumulated deficit of 55,386,668. We plan to finance our operations for
the next twelve (12) months through the use of cash on hand, raising capital through private placement and increased sales from RxAir
products by exploring sales partnerships with third-party wholesalers and retailers. You should consider, among other factors, our prospects
for success in light of the risks and uncertainties encountered by companies that, like us, have not generated net earnings on an annual
basis. Various factors, such as economic conditions, regulatory and legislative considerations, and competition, may also impede our
ability to expand our market presence. We may not successfully address these risks and uncertainties or successfully implement our operating
strategies. If we fail to do so, it could materially harm our business and impair the value of our common stock. Even if we accomplish
these objectives, we may not generate positive cash flows or profits we anticipate in the future. 

6 

The
following risk factors apply to our RxAir business: 

We
face significant competition from multinational and regional manufacturers. 

The
growing air purification market is highly competitive with companies offering wide range of air purifiers sold through e-commerce websites,
company-owned websites, retailer and their websites and distributors. Market participants compete on product performance, quality, price
and reputation. 

We
are dependent upon the ability of our third-party producers to meet our requirements. 

We
source our products from non-exclusive, third-party producers, many of which are located in foreign countries. We depend upon the ability
of third-party producers to secure a sufficient supply of raw materials, a skilled workforce, adequately finance the production of goods
ordered and maintain sufficient manufacturing and shipping capacity. We cannot be certain that we will not experience operational difficulties
with our manufacturers, such as insufficient quality control, failures to meet production deadlines or increases in manufacturing costs. 

The
following risk factors apply to our Vytex business: 

Our
Vytex operating results could fluctuate and differ considerably from our financial forecasts. 

Our
business model is based on experience derived from the marketplace. There are no assurances that this experience will prove to be valid
for our future operations or plans. 

Our
operating results may fluctuate significantly as a result of a variety of factors, including: 

Acceptance
 by manufacturers of the Vytex Natural Rubber Latex technology; 

Our
 ability to achieve and sustain profitability; 

Consumer
 confidence in products manufactured using our Vytex Natural Rubber Latex technology; 

Our
 ability to raise additional capital. 

Our
Vytex NRL business is totally dependent on market demand for, and acceptance of, the Vytex Natural Rubber Latex process. 

We
expect to derive most of our Vytex NRL business revenue from the sales of our Vytex Natural Rubber Latex raw material to various manufacturers
of rubber and rubber end products using NRL through our distribution agreement with CMC Global. We pay natural rubber latex processors
a fee for the service of manufacturing and creating Vytex NRL for us under our manufacturing and distribution agreements. Conversely,
Vystar collects a fee under the CMC Global licensing model. Our Vytex NRL product operates within broad, diverse and rapidly changing
markets. As a result, widespread acceptance and use of product is critical to our future growth and success. If the market for our product
fails to grow or grows more slowly than we currently anticipate, demand for our product could be negatively affected. 

7 

Our
ability to generate significant revenue in the Vytex business is substantially dependent upon the willingness of consumers to make discretionary
purchases and the willingness of manufacturers to utilize capital for research and development and the retooling of their manufacturing
process, both of which are impacted by the state of the economy. 

The
current state of the world economy has and likely will in the future impact upon our ability to increase revenue. Certain products that
we anticipate will be manufactured with our Vystar NRL process, such as mattresses and sponge products, are considered discretionary
consumer purchases which decline during economic downturns. Additionally, certain manufacturers who might otherwise utilize the Vytex
NRL process in the manufacturing of products with NRL have determined not to expend capital to complete the research of the Vytex NRL
process or to retool their manufacturing process because of the general downturn in the economy. As part of a strategy to increase awareness
of the Vytex NRL brand, the Company has been aggressively seeking to have end products produced and labeled made with Vytex NRL 
such as mattresses, toppers and pillows. As these products enter the market, the Company plans to create consumer awareness of these
end products and in so doing begin to develop consumer demand pull through as part of the Company s efforts to complete the push-pull
cycle using an ingredient branding strategy. 

Assertions
by a third party that our Vytex process infringes its intellectual property, whether or not correct, could subject us to costly and time-consuming
litigation or expensive licenses. 

There
is frequent litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. As we face increasing
competition and become increasingly visible as an operating company, the possibility of intellectual property rights claims against us
may grow. 

Any
intellectual property rights claim against us or our customers, with or without merit, could be time-consuming, expensive to litigate
or settle and could divert management attention and financial resources. An adverse determination also could prevent us from offering
our process, require us to pay damages, require us to obtain a license or require that we stop using technology found to be in violation
of a third party s rights or procure or develop substitute services that do not infringe, which could require significant resources
and expenses. 

The
latex market in which we will participate is competitive and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results may be harmed. 

The
markets for our product are competitive and rapidly changing. With the introduction of new technologies, increasing scrutiny of alternative
lattices such as Russian dandelion, and new market entrants, we expect competition to intensify in the future. In addition, pricing pressures
and increased competition generally could result in reduced sales, reduced license fees or the failure of our products to achieve or
maintain widespread market acceptance. 

While
continued interest is strong in a new innovative product in the natural rubber latex industry, pricing and regulatory approvals remain
a key selling factor. 

Our
Vytex revenue will vary based on fluctuations in commodity prices for NRL. 

NRL
is a commodity and, as such, its price fluctuates daily. Our raw material revenue including licensing fees and cost of goods will also
fluctuate upward or downward based upon changing market prices for the raw material used to produce Vytex NRL. Prolonged periods of lowered
market prices can also cause manufacturers to review synthetic price drops as they look for even lower cost alternatives to NRL. 

While
Vytex NRL has received 510(k) clearance from the FDA for condoms and exam gloves, there is no assurance that future applications will
be cleared. 

In
order for Vytex to be used in medical device applications, the manufacturer of the end product must submit an application to the FDA.
If the device is classified by the FDA as Class II (e.g., condoms, surgical gloves, and most non-cardiac and non-renal/dialysis catheters)
and in some cases Class I (e.g., exam gloves), a 510(k) application must 

be
filed with the FDA seeking clearance to market the device based on the fact that there is at least one other predicate or similar device
already marketed. If the product is classified as a Class III product (e.g., most cardiac and renal/dialysis catheters, certain adhesives
and other in vivo devices), or is otherwise a new device with no predicate on the market already, then the manufacturer of the end product
must submit a Pre-Market Approval PMA application seeking approval by the FDA to market the device. The PMA approval
process is much more in depth and lengthy and requires a greater degree of clinical data and FDA review than does a 510(k) clearance
process. 

8 

Since
Vytex is a raw material and not an end-product, Vystar is not the entity that files with the FDA for any clearance or approval to market
a device. Instead, the end-product manufacturers who will be selling and marketing the device(s) must submit applications and seek FDA
clearance or approval depending upon the device classification. Vystar s role in this process is only as background support to
the manufacturers to supply information and any technical or test data regarding the Vytex raw material. 

An
American manufacturer of condoms and exam gloves had been engaged in production work and had completed required testing and received
FDA clearance for using Vytex NRL in their condom and exam glove lines. However, this manufacturer is not currently producing products
made with Vytex NRL or any other type of raw material. Notwithstanding such approvals, we have no assurance that future products will
provide acceptable test results and even if they do, there is no certainty that the FDA will approve the applications. 

Each
of the above mentioned 510(k)s have been sold to other manufacturers hence the need to pursue 510(k)s for the newer manufacturing facilities. 

Vytex
may seek to have lower protein claims than what is currently on the market today for exam gloves and may ultimately seek to have latex
warnings removed from or modified on all FDA-regulated products, but it cannot guarantee that either of such actions will be approved
by the FDA. 

The
FDA heavily scrutinizes any and all claims categorizing the protein levels and other claims of an NRL product. Currently, the FDA has
allowed claims only stating the level of less than 50 micrograms/gram of total extractable proteins pursuant to only one of two FDA-recognized
standards on exam or surgical gloves. Vystar intends to claim protein levels pursuant to both of the two FDA-recognized standards, which
will result in claiming the lowest level of antigenic proteins for a Hevea NRL product currently on the market. Although the FDA has
cleared such claims on the condom using Vytex NRL, the FDA rejected those claims for the exam glove. There is no guarantee that the FDA
will ultimately or ever allow these claims on an exam glove. 

Additionally,
for many years, the FDA has required warnings on products containing latex due to the latex allergy issue that exists. Vystar plans on
petitioning the FDA to have that label removed from or modified on products manufactured with Vytex NRL, by filing a Citizen s
Petition. The Petition will be filed when we see that the benefits of filing will far outweigh the costs since such Petition is likely
to require clinical test results indicating acceptable allergic reactions associated with Vytex NRL. There are no assurances that the
FDA will grant that request. 

Manufacturers
are implementing trials of Vytex NRL in their facilities but final data is not yet available from all these manufacturers on its viability
for their particular environments. 

Over
the past several years, samples of Vytex NRL have been made available to over 50 natural rubber latex and latex substitute end product
manufacturers, 30 of which have been in place since early 2009. Since the completion of the Vytex NRL Standard Operation Procedures (SOPs),
Vytex has been produced at Revertex (Malaysia), Occidente (Guatemala), KAPVL (India) and most recently Mardec-Yala (Thailand) and MMG
(Thailand). Under the 2020 agreement with CMC Global, that entity is responsible for manufacturing, marketing and selling Vytex exclusively
including sampling. Manufacturers that have signed a sampling agreement with us have been provided with samples of Vytex
NRL for validating its use in their manufacturing processes. 

Another
risk is the validity of the customer as testing completes. Recently Vystar has completed more than three years of a specialized version
of Vytex NRL only to have the end product manufacturer fail to upgrade their production line and fulfill their own contract. As part
of the Company s learnings, we have found that in listening closely to customer challenges and needs, our technical team has been
able to develop solutions. The Company has come to realize that what we offer is not just a raw material but often a technology solution
to a production or product development challenge. 

9 

While
many of these new formulations look promising, there is no guarantee that these technological innovations will be successfully scaled
up or successfully implemented by the customer. 

The
following risk factors apply to our company as a whole : 

Our
use of foreign sources of production for a portion of our products exposes us to certain additional risks associated with international
operations. 

Our
use of foreign sources for the supply of certain of our products exposes us to risks associated with overseas sourcing. These risks are
related to government regulation, volatile ocean freight costs, delays in shipments, and extended lead time in ordering. Governments
in the foreign countries where we source our products may change their laws, regulations and policies, including those related to tariffs
and trade barriers, investments, taxation and exchange controls which could make it more difficult to service our customers resulting
in an adverse effect on our earnings. We could also experience increases in the cost of ocean freight shipping which could have an adverse
effect on our earnings. Shipping delays and extended order lead times may adversely affect our ability to respond to sudden changes in
demand, resulting in the purchase of excess inventory in the face of declining demand, or lost sales due to insufficient inventory in
the face of increasing demand, either of which would also have an adverse effect on our earnings or liquidity. 

Significant
fluctuations in the cost of raw materials could adversely affect our profits. 

On
a global and regional basis, the raw materials used in our products are susceptible to significant price fluctuations due to supply/demand
trends, transportation costs, government regulations and tariffs, changes in currency rates, the economic and political climate and other
circumstances. Significant increases in the future could materially affect our costs and profits. 

Because
our stock price may be volatile due to factors beyond our control, you could lose all or part of your investment. 

Price
and volume of stock, including additional stock issuances may cause price decline and dilution. 

If
we do not attract and retain highly qualified employees, we may not be able to grow effectively. 

Our
ability to compete and grow depends in large part on the efforts and talents of our executive officers or employees. We require the key
employee(s) to enter into employment agreements, but in the U.S., employees are free to leave an employer at any time without penalties.
The loss of key employees or the inability to hire additional skilled employees as necessary could result in significant disruptions
of our business, and the integration of replacement personnel could be time-consuming and expensive and cause us additional disruptions. 

We
do not expect to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We
do not anticipate declaring any cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. Consequently, shareholders must
rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their
investment. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. 

There
is no assurance that any significant public market for our shares of common stock will develop. 

While
our shares of common stock trade on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol VYST , there is currently no significant public
market for our common stock and there is no assurance that there will be any such significant public market for our common stock in the
future. 

10 

The
utilization of our tax losses could be substantially limited if we experience an ownership change as defined in the Internal Revenue
Code. 

Because
of net operating losses we have experienced for federal income tax purposes at December 31, 2022, we had federal net operating loss NOL carry-forwards of approximately 40 million 36 million for 2021) available to offset future taxable income. Our ability to utilize
NOL carry-forwards to reduce future taxable income may be limited under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code if certain ownership
changes in our Company occur during a rolling three-year period. These ownership changes include purchases of common stock under share
repurchase programs, the offering of stock by us, the purchase or sale of our stock by 5 shareholders, as defined in the Treasury regulations,
or the issuance or exercise of rights to acquire our stock. If such ownership changes by 5 shareholders result in aggregate increases
that exceed 50 percentage points during the three-year period, then Section 382 imposes an annual limitation on the amount of our taxable
income that may be offset by our NOL carry-forwards or tax credit carry-forwards at the time of ownership change. The limitation may
affect the amount of our deferred income tax asset and, depending on the limitation, a significant portion of our NOL carry-forwards
or tax credit carry-forwards could expire before we are able to use them. In such an event, our business, financial condition, results
of operations or cash flows could be adversely affected. We believe we have not experienced an ownership change under Section 382 of
the Internal Revenue Code as of December 31, 2022; however, the amount by which our ownership may change in the future could be affected
by purchases and sales of stock by 5 shareholders and new issuances of stock by us, should we choose to do so. 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

Although
we believe that our current space is adequate for the foreseeable future, if additional office space is required, we believe that suitable
space will be available at market rates. 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

EMA
Financial 

On
February 19, 2019, EMA Financial, Inc. filed a lawsuit in the Southern District of New York against the Company. The lawsuit alleged
various breaches of an underlying convertible promissory note and stock purchase agreement and sought four claims for relief: (i) specific
performance to enforce a stock conversion and contractual obligations; (ii) breach of contract; (iii) permanent injunction to enforce
the stock conversion and contractual obligations; and (iv) legal fees and costs of the litigation. The complaint was filed with a motion
seeking: (i) a preliminary injunction seeking an immediate resolution of the case through the stock conversion; (ii) a consolidation
of the trial with the preliminary injunctive hearing; and (iii) summary judgment on the first and third claims for relief. 

The
Company filed an opposition to the motion and upon oral argument the motion for injunctive relief was denied. The Court issued a decision
permitting a motion for summary judgment to proceed and permitted the Company the opportunity to supplement its opposition papers together
with the plaintiff who was also provided opportunity to submit reply papers. On April 5, 2019, the Company filed the opposition papers
as well as a motion to dismiss the first and third causes of action in the complaint. On March 13, 2020, the Court granted the Company s
motion dismissing the first and third claims for relief and denied the motion for summary judgment as moot. 

The
Company subsequently filed an amended answer with counterclaims. The affirmative defenses if granted collectively preclude the relief
sought. In addition, Vystar filed counterclaims asserting: (a) violation of 10(b)(5) of the Securities and Exchange Act; (b) violation
of Section 15(a)(1) of the Exchange Act (failure to register as a broker-dealer); (c) pursuant to the Uniform Declaratory Judgment Act,
28 U.S.C. 2201, the Company requests the Court to declare: (i) pursuant to Delaware law, the underlying agreements are unconscionable;
(ii) the underlying agreements are unenforceable and/or portions are unenforceable, such as the liquidated damages sections; (iii) to
the extent the agreement is enforceable, Vystar in good faith requests the Court to declare the legal fee provisions of the agreements
be mutual (d) unjust enrichment; (e) breach of contract (in the alternative); and (f) attorneys fees. 

11 

On
June 10, 2020, EMA filed a motion for summary judgment as to its remaining claims for relief and a motion to dismiss the Company s
affirmative defenses and counterclaims. The Company opposed the motion on July 10, 2020, and the same was fully submitted to the Court
on July 28, 2020. On March 29, 2021, the Court issued a decision granting in part and denying in part the motion. Specifically, the Court
granted that part of the motion seeking summary judgment and dismissal on the Company s affirmative defense and counterclaim regarding
Sections 15(a)/29(b) of the Exchange Act. Two weeks later the Company filed a motion for reconsideration as to the dismissal portion
of the order, or, for the alternative, a motion for certification for the right to file a petition to the Second Circuit Court of Appeals
on the issue. The Court denied the motion for reconsideration and certification. Subsequently, fact discovery has been completed and
on June 24, 2022, both parties submitted competing motions for summary judgment. 

EMA
seeks summary judgment on its breach of contract and attorneys fees claims, specifically seeking damages in the amount of
 1,820,000 with 24 interest premised on the argument it was entitled to effectuate a January 15 and February 5, 2019, notices of
conversions. EMA further seeks to dismiss Vystar s affirmative defenses and counterclaims. Conversely, Vystar filed its motion
for summary judgment seeking an order to dismiss the EMA complaint on the grounds: (i) the underlying note was satisfied on December
11, 2018; and (ii) EMA, through multiple breaches of the note, over-converted the note by 36,575,555 shares equating to a request of
damages against EMA and in favor of Vystar for 4,802,000, with interest accruing at 24 , and attorneys fees. The briefing by
the parties was fully submitted on July 29, 2022. 

On January 6, 2023, the Court issued a series of preliminary rulings based upon the parties respective summary judgment motions.
Those rulings narrowed the outstanding issues (and claims) to only the parties breach of contract claim and counterclaim (and affirmative
defenses) regarding the conversion process. Of particular importance, the Court found EMA breached the note by failing to effectuate the
conversions in the manner outlined by the controlling note. The Court further found the principal balance at issue was 80,000, interest
accrued from the date set in the note and default interest, to the extent applicable, was to accrue at the default rate from September
2018, forward. The Court left undecided whether EMA s breach of the note was material, whether affirmative defenses as previously
raised by the parties were applicable to each parties contractual claim, and a damages analysis associated with the same. The Court
then requested a supplemental briefing as to the issues of materiality, liability and damages. The issues were fully briefed and submitted
on February 24 and March 15, 2023. The parties await a final decision from the Court. 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II. 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Price Information 

Our
common stock is traded in the United States on the Over the Counter Bulletin Board (OTCBB) under the symbol VYST. The following
table shows the range of high and low closing prices for our common stock. 

High 
 Low 
 
 December 31, 2021 

First Quarter 
 5.70 
 2.79 

Second Quarter 
 3.37 
 1.87 

Third Quarter 
 3.15 
 1.67 

Fourth Quarter 
 1.89 
 0.81 

December 31, 2022 

First Quarter 
 1.00 
 0.62 

Second Quarter 
 0.78 
 0.41 

Third Quarter 
 0.46 
 0.27 

Fourth Quarter 
 0.28 
 0.10 

12 

These
quotations do not reflect retail markup, markdown or commission and may not necessarily represent the prices of actual transactions during
these quarterly periods. 

Holders
of Record 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 209 holders of record of our common stock. Because some of our shares are held by brokers and other
institutions on behalf of shareholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have never paid or declared any cash dividends on our common stock and we do not intend to pay or declare dividends on our common stock
in the near future. We presently expect to retain any future earnings to fund continuing development and growth of our business. Our
payment of dividends is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on earnings, financial condition, capital
requirements and other relevant factors. 

Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities 

None. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

Information
concerning our equity compensation plans is set forth in Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Common
Stock and Warrant Grants 

From
January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022, Vystar retired 200 shares of our common stock. 

Stock
Option Grants 

There
were no stock option grants issued from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 

Proceeds
from loans and shareholder, convertible and contingently convertible notes payable 

There
were no proceeds from October 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022. 

Application
of Securities Laws and Other Matters 

No
underwriters were involved in the foregoing sales of securities. The securities described above were issued to investors in reliance
upon the exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, as set forth in Section 4 (2) under the Securities Act and
Regulation D promulgated thereunder, as applicable, relative to sales by an issuer not involving any public offering, to the extent an
exemption from such registration was required. 

The
issuance of stock options as described above were issued pursuant to written compensatory plans or arrangements with our employees, directors
and consultants, in reliance on the exemption provided by Rule 701 promulgated under the Securities Act. All recipients either received
adequate information about us or had access, through employment or other relationships, to such information. 

13 

All
of the foregoing securities are deemed restricted securities for purposes of the Securities Act. All certificates representing the issued
shares of common stock, warrants and options described above included appropriate legends setting forth that the securities had not been
registered and the applicable restrictions on transfer. 

ITEM
 6. 
 SELECTED
 FINANCIAL DATA 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item pursuant to 301(c) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This
analysis of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with the accompanying financial statements, including notes thereto,
contained in Item 8 of this Report. This Report contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Statements that are predictive in nature and that depend upon or refer to future
events or conditions are forward-looking statements. Although we believe that these statements are based upon reasonable expectations,
we can give no assurance that projections will be achieved. Please refer to the discussion of forward-looking statements included in
Part I of this Report. 

Overview 

About
RxAir 

RxAir
promotes a healthy lifestyle through the use of its innovative, patented ViraTech air purification technology, thereby improving the
quality of life of each and every customer. Independently tested by EPA- and FDA-certified laboratories, the RxAir has been proven to
destroy greater than 99 of bacteria and viruses and reduce concentrations of odors and VOCs. The RxAir uses high-intensity germicidal
UV lamps that destroy bacteria and viruses instead of just trapping them, setting it apart from ordinary air filtration units. RxAir 
and ViraTech are registered trademarks of Vystar Corp. For more information, visit http://www.RxAir.com. 

The
Company s RxAir product line use 48 inches of high-intensity germicidal UV lamps that destroy bacteria, viruses and other germs
instead of just trapping them, setting it apart from ordinary air filtration units. RxAir is one of the few UV air purifiers that have
been proven in independent EPA- and FDA- certified testing laboratories to destroy on the first pass 99.6 of harmful airborne viruses
and bacteria. In addition to inactivating airborne viruses that cause influenza (flu) and colds, RxAir s device disarms the airborne
pathogens that cause MRSA (staph), strep (whooping cough), tuberculosis (TB), measles, pneumonia and a myriad of other antibiotic-resistant
and viral infections. 

The
RxAir product line includes: 

RxAir 
 Residential Filterless Air Purifier 

RX400
 FDA cleared Class II Filterless Air Purifier 

RX3000 
 Commercial FDA cleared Class II Air Purifier 

Vystar
produces the RxAir product line with a world-class manufacturer and an expert U.S. engineer with a full understanding of the RxAir technology.
Vystar sells RxAir residential and commercial units via distributors, online and through retail channels. Vystar is assembling the distribution
network to relaunch sales of RX400 and RX3000 units to the healthcare and medical markets, which UV Flu had ceased due to a lack of sales
force, distribution and cash flow constraints. Once sales are firmly re-established, Vystar expects that the air purification products
will produce margins of approximately 70 . 

14 

About
Rotmans 

Rotmans,
formerly the largest furniture and flooring store in New England and one of the largest independent furniture retailers in the U.S.,
encompassed over 170,000 square feet in Worcester, Mass., employed approximately 50 people, was founded and had been under the leadership
of the Rotman family for the past 50 years. Rotmans added approximately 20 million annually to Vystar s top line revenue and enabled
Vystar to capitalize on the infrastructure already in place for accounting, retail sales facilities and staff, customer service, warehousing,
and delivery. Steven Rotman and a group of dedicated employees provided continuity of management and customer-focused values for the
Company until closure in late December 2022. 

About
Vytex 

Vytex
is a multi-patented latex raw material in which the allergy causing proteins are reduced to a level that falls at or below detection
based on ASTM approved test methods. Vytex has been available as a raw material commercially for fourteen years and through that time
has a group of manufacturers who use it in end products such as electrical gloves, condoms, adhesives, etc. Ironically, most use Vytex
as it s better for their manufacturing process as an easier to use raw material and not for protein properties. As of mid-2020
Vystar and the Indian Rubber Manufacturers Research Association s IRMRA had been actively collaborating to develop
viscoelastic deproteinized natural rubber (DPNR) variants having properties for expanding applications in specific new arenas such as
green tires, biodegradable and other unique bioelastoplast product lines that desire a new approach. Additionally, this research, while
slowed by the COVID-19 pandemic, showed attributes with extra low ammonia offerings that are desired. 

Towards
the end of 2020, Vystar entered into a Market Development and Distribution Agreement with Corrie MacColl, Ltd. CMC Global to produce, develop and manage the Vytex product and supply lines. This agreement allows Vystar to expand the market for its Natural
Rubber Latex products and has garnered much attention across a broad range of industries including liquid Vytex as well as the newly
developed dry rubber Vytex. As of the date of this report, CMC Global has provided numerous opportunities that are in a trial basis or
moving towards manufacturing trials in industries that use a significant amount of natural rubber latex, hence Vytex that now includes
production size trial runs in a large dipped product consumer line starting late 2022. As of January 2023, Vytex is now in full R D
phase for a large corporation focused on replacing a petrochemical based binder with a water-based coating using Vytex. As the move to
use sustainable materials grows so does interest in Vytex through Corrie MacColl. Additionally, Vystar now has a testing supply of Vytex
dry rubber for larger trials. The success of early trials and the shipping crisis has led to broader spectrum of manufacturers combining
the potential of Cameroon production with strategically placed contract manufacturers based on geographical needs including the North
American market. Also, Vystar research has shown great strides in specializing liquid Vytex (ultra-low protein latex, ULPL) to meet the
immediate needs of customers such as low or no nitrosamine and others (discussed in the presentation below available in the pdf) and
additional patents have been proposed to cover these findings. Research into dry rubber continues at a moderate pace as tire companies
seek out alternatives to synthetics. 

In
Halcyon Agri (owner of CMC Global), 2020 Corporate Report: Our group-wide innovation capabilities have enabled us to engage in
innovative commercial partnerships. Corrie MacColl is collaborating with Vystar to transform our Cameroon plantation output into ultra-pure
latex with stronger molecular bond that offers enhanced strength, durability, and flexibility in the end products. This is achieved by
removing non-rubber components and 99.85 of the proteins. CMC Global continues to work with the facility at Cameroon to produce
Vytex at their owned processing plant. 

Vytex
researcher Dr. Ranjit Matthan and CMC Global Director John Heath presented at The International Latex Conference which was held virtually
July 20 to 22, 2021 and offered a plenary session entitled Innovations and Sustainability in Natural Rubber Latex - The New Paradigm. 
The presentation discussed the dramatic effect the COVID-19 pandemic has had on the natural rubber supply chain, and how the industry
is reacting the new economic circumstances; including strategy and policy shifts in supply chain management and restoring greater geographic
diversification of latex processing and product manufacturing. The R D association with IRMRA promises quicker laboratory and field-based
testing and evaluations downstream. At Vystar, the recalibrated sustainability programme (FSC, nitrosamines ammonia free, ultralow
proteins, no SVHC and green carbon neutrality) emphasize certifications with Corrie MacColl market reach facilitating faster rollouts.
Nontraditional/non Hevea brasiliensis based production efforts are likely to continue to face new penetration and high cost-benefit
acceptance challenges in this decade. A PDF of the full presentation is available on vytex.com. 

15 

Additionally,
in August 2021, Dr. Matthan presented new data to the Automotive Tyre Manufacturers Association including Vytex dry rubber. 

Management
Objectives 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has raised awareness of airborne disease transmission and consumers desire to reduce their risk of infection
through the use of air purifiers. The Company has pivoted its resources to meeting the demand for air purifiers by adding additional
distributors to the RxAir sales network and contracting the development of the next generation RxAir Ultraviolet-C light air purifiers. 

Vystar
and the Indian Rubber Manufacturers Research Association s IRMRA are actively collaborating to develop viscoelastic
deproteinized natural rubber DPNR variants having properties for expanding applications in specific new arenas such as
green tires, biodegradable and other unique bioelastoplast product lines that desire a new approach. 

Vystar
entered into a Market Development and Distribution Agreement with Corrie MacColl to produce, develop and manage the Vytex product and
supply lines. This agreement allows Vystar to expand the market for its Natural Rubber Latex products. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. As such, we are required to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. By their nature, these estimates and judgments
are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. Our management reviews its estimates on an on-going basis. We base our estimates and
assumptions on historical experience, knowledge of current conditions and our understanding of what we believe to be reasonable that
might occur in the future considering available information. Actual results may differ from these estimates, and material effects on
our operating results and financial position may result. 

We
believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our
financial statements. 

Fair
Value Inputs Related to Share-based and Other Equity Compensation 

Generally
accepted accounting principles require all share-based payments, including grants of employee stock options, stock grants and warrants,
to be recognized in the financial statements based on their fair values. We compute the value of option awards granted by utilizing the
Black-Scholes valuation model based upon their expected lives, expected volatility, expected dividend yield, and the risk-free interest
rate. The value of the awards is then straight-line expensed over the service period of the awards. Issuance in shares of common stock
is valued using the closing market price on the measurement date. 

Inventories 

Inventories
include those costs directly attributable to the product before sale. Inventories consist primarily of RxAir purifiers, foam toppers
and pillows and are carried at net realizable value, which is defined as selling price less cost of completion, disposal and transportation.
The Company evaluates the need to record write-downs for inventories on a regular basis. Approximate consideration is given to obsolescence,
slow-moving and other factors in evaluating net realizable values. Inventories not expected to be sold within 12 months are classified
as long-term. 

16 

Revenue 

We
recognize revenue when we satisfy a performance obligation in a contract by transferring control over a product to a customer when product
is shipped based on fulfillment by the Company. The Company considers fulfillment when it passes all liability at the point of shipping
through third party carriers. Consideration is typically paid prior to shipment via credit card or check when our products are sold direct
to consumers, which is typically within a 1 to 2 days or approximately 30 days from the time control is transferred when sold to wholesalers,
distributors and retailers. Taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing
transaction, that are collected by us from a customer, are excluded from revenue. Shipping and handling costs associated with outbound
freight after control over a product has transferred to a customer are accounted for as a fulfillment cost and are included in cost of
revenue. We assess our estimates of expected returns at each financial reporting date. 

Valuation
and Impairment of Intangible and Long-Lived Assets 

We
perform an impairment assessment of intangible assets including goodwill annually or more frequently as warranted by events or
changes in circumstances. We review long-lived assets such as property and equipment for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. If the total of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows is
less than the carrying value of the assets, an impairment loss is recognized for the excess of the carrying value over the fair
value of the long-lived assets. The Company recorded a loss on impairment in 2022 of 297,723 related to our reassessment of the UV
Flu intangible assets. The Company recorded a loss on impairment in 2021 of 245,050 related to the discontinuation of NHS
proprietary technology and customer relationships. 

Accounting
for Derivative Financial Instruments 

The
Company evaluates stock options, stock warrants, notes payable or other contracts to determine if those contracts or embedded components
of those contracts qualify as derivatives to be separately accounted for under the relevant sections of ASC 815-40, Derivative Instruments
and Hedging: Contracts in Entity s Own Equity. The result of this accounting treatment could be that the fair value of a financial
instrument is classified as a derivative instrument and is marked-to-market at each balance sheet date and recorded as a liability. In
the event that the fair value is recorded as a liability, the change in fair value is recorded in the statement of operations as other
income or other expense. Upon conversion or exercise of a derivative instrument, the instrument is marked to fair value at the conversion
date and then that fair value is reclassified to equity. Financial instruments that are initially classified as equity that become subject
to reclassification under ASC 815-40 are reclassified to a liability account at the fair value of the instrument on the reclassification
date. 

Leases 

The
Company has adopted and implemented ASC 842, Leases, where Rotmans recognized right-of use assets and lease liabilities. For leases in
which the acquiree is a lessee, the Company measured the lease liability at the present value of the remaining lease payments, as if
the acquired lease were a new lease at the acquisition date. The Company measured the right-of-use asset at the same amount as the lease
liability as adjusted to reflect favorable and unfavorable terms of the lease when compared with market terms. 

17 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

Year
ended December 31, 2022 compared to year ended December 31, 2021 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Change 
 
 Change 

CONSOLIDATED 

Revenue 
 116,533 
 1,669,002 
 (1,552,469 
 - 93.0 

Cost of revenue 
 505,225 
 1,910,902 
 (1,405,677 
 -73.6 

Gross loss 
 (388,692 
 (241,900 
 (146,792 
 60.7 

Operating expenses: 

Salaries, wages and benefits 
 256,704 
 326,398 
 (69,694 
 -21.4 

Share-based compensation 
 837,468 
 822,070 
 15,398 
 1.9 

Professional fees 
 201,056 
 557,666 
 (356,610 
 -63.9 

Advertising 
 34,855 
 251,391 
 (216,536 
 -86.1 

Consulting 
 257,511 
 199,923 
 57,588 
 28.8 

Rent 
 8,393 
 85,184 
 (76,791 
 -90.1 

Service charges 
 9,480 
 10,883 
 (1,403 
 -12.9 

Depreciation and amortization 
 140,472 
 179,472 
 (39,000 
 -21.7 

Loss on impairment 
 444,815 
 245,050 
 199,765 
 81.5 

Other operating 
 367,954 
 875,625 
 (507,671 
 -58.0 

Total operating expenses 
 2,558,708 
 3,553,662 
 (994,954 
 - 28.0 

Loss from operations 
 (2,947,400 
 (3,795,562 
 848,162 
 -22.3 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 
 (214,104 
 (296,850 
 82,746 
 -27.9 

Change in fair value of
 derivative liabilities 
 1,778,100 
 53,600 
 1,724,500 
 3217.4 

Loss on settlement of debt,
 net 
 (2,060,123 
 (117,700 
 (1,942,423 
 1650.3 

Total other expense, net 
 (496,127 
 (360,950 
 (135,177 
 37.5 

Net loss from continuing operations 
 (3,443,527 
 (4,156,512 
 712,985 
 -17.72 

Discontinued operations: 

Income (loss) from operations 
 (887,628 
 2,515,827 
 (3,403,455 
 -135.3 

Net loss 
 (4,331,155 
 (1,640,685 
 (2,690,470 
 164.0 

Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling
 interest 
 372,803 
 (1,056,647 
 1,429,450 
 -135.3 

Net loss attributable to Vystar 
 (3,958,352 
 (2,697,332 
 (1,261,020 
 46.8 

Revenues 

Consolidated
revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 116,533 and 1,669,002, respectively, for a decrease of 1,552,469 or 93.0 .
The decrease in revenues from operations was principally due to an increased return allowance and reduced market demand for our products
with the lessening COVID-19 pandemic. 

Consolidated gross loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was
 388,692 and 241,900, respectively, for an increase of 146,792 or 60.7 . Consolidated cost of revenue for year ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 was 505,225 and 1,910,902, respectively, a decrease of 1,405,677 or 73.6 . The increase in gross loss and cost of revenue
was primarily due to decreased revenues. 

18 

Operating
Expenses 

The
Company s operating expenses consist primarily of compensation and support costs for management, sales and administrative staff,
and for other general and administrative costs, including professional fees related to accounting, finance, and legal services as well
as other operating expenses such as advertising and consulting. The Company s consolidated operating expenses was 2,558,708 and
 3,553,662 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for a decrease of 994,954 or 28 . The decrease in operating
expenses was due to reduced professional fees, advertising and other operating expenses in connection with reduced revenues. 

Other
Income (Expense) 

Other
income (expense) for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 496,127) and 360,950), respectively, for a net increase in
expense of 135,177 or 37.5 . Increases in other income (expense) in 2022 included an increase in loss on
settlement of debt, net of 1,942,423, an increase in change in value of derivative liabilities of 1,778,100 and a reduction of
interest expense of 82,746. 

Discontinued Operations 

Income (loss) from discontinued operations for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 was 887,628) and 2,515,827, respectively, for a decrease of 3,403,455 or 135.3 . Income from discontinued operations
in 2021 included forgiveness of Paycheck Protection Program loans of 2,805,800 and Employee Rentention Credits of 771,287. 

Net
Loss 

Net
loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 4,331,155 and 1,640,685, respectively, for an increase in net loss of 2,690,470
or 164 . Net loss in 2022 and 2021 includes net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest of 372,803 and 1,056,647),
respectively. The smaller net loss the Company experienced in the year ended December 31, 2021 was attributable to COVID-19 programs
mainly the Paycheck Protection Program loans forgiven of 2,805,800 and Employee Retention Credits of 771,287. 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

The
Company s financial statements are prepared using the accrual method of accounting in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America and have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets
and the settlement of liabilities in the normal course of business. However, we have incurred significant losses and experienced negative
cash flow since inception. At December 31, 2022, the Company had cash of 12,274 and a deficit in working capital of 3,069,379. For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had a net loss of 4,331,155 and an accumulated deficit of 55,368,868. For the year ended
December 31, 2021, the Company had a net loss of 1,640,685 and the accumulated deficit amounted to 51,410,516. We use working capital
to finance our ongoing operations, and since those operations do not currently cover all of our operating costs, managing working capital
is essential to our Company s future success. Because of this history of losses and financial condition, there is substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 617,193 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 2,499,954 for the year ended December
31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operations was primarily due to the net loss for the year of 4,348,955 net of non-cash related add-back of share-based compensation, depreciation, amortization, change in fair value of derivative liabilities
and loss on settlement of debt, net. 

The
Company had no investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 371,431 cash used in investing activities for
the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 499,947 during the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to cash provided of 2,023,347
during the year ended December 31, 2021. During 2022, cash was provided from the proceeds from related party advances of 266,541 and
issuance of preferred stock of 85,000. During 2021, cash was provided from the proceeds in notes payable in the amount of 290,000 and
related party advances of 533,039. 

A
successful transition to profitable operations is dependent upon obtaining sufficient financing to fund the Company s planned expenses
and achieving a level of revenue adequate to support the Company s cost structure. Management plans to finance future operations
using cash on hand, as well as increased revenue from RxAir air purifier sales and Vytex license fees, that now also include the Company s
association with foam cores made from Vytex used in mattresses, mattress toppers and pillows. 

19 

There
can be no assurances that we will be able to achieve projected levels of revenue in 2023 and beyond. If we are not able to achieve projected
revenue and obtain alternate additional financing of equity or debt, we would need to significantly curtail or reorient operations during
2023, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our business objectives and as a result, may require the Company
to file for bankruptcy or cease operations. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and
classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts classified as liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be forced to
take any such actions. 

Our
future expenditures will depend on numerous factors, including: the rate at which we can introduce RxAir products and license Vytex NRL
raw material and the foam cores made from Vytex to manufacturers and subsequently retailers; the costs of filing, prosecuting, defending
and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights, along with market acceptance of our products, and services and
competing technological developments. As we expand our activities and operations, our cash requirements are expected to increase at a
rate consistent with revenue growth after we achieve sustained revenue generation. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any material off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions 

Per
Steven Rotman s Employment agreement dated July 22, 2019, as amended, he is to be paid 125,000 per year in cash, 10,417 per month
in shares based on a 20-day average price at a 50 discount to market, 5,000 per month in cash for expenses as well as access to a Company
provided vehicle and health and life insurance. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company expensed approximately 417,000
related to this employment agreement. In addition, the Company issued 1,330,066 shares of Series C Preferred Stock for the settlement
of debt totaling 3,552,321 in 2022. A loss of 1,900,950 was recognized on the issuance and is included in other expenses for the year.
As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a stock subscription payable balance of 619,084, or approximately 920,000 shares to be issued
in the future, 183,155 of reimbursable expenses payable and 116,403 of unpaid salary. 

Blue
Oar Consulting, Inc. Blue Oar provides business consulting services to the Company. This entity is owned by Gregory Rotman,
who is the son of the Company s CEO, Steven Rotman. Blue Oar provides business consulting services to the Company. In exchange
for such services, the Company has entered into a consulting agreement with the related party entity. Per the consulting agreement, Blue
Oar is to be paid 15,000 per month in cash for expenses, and 12,500 per month to be paid in shares based on a 20-day average at a 50 
discount to market. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company expensed approximately 459,000 related to the consulting agreement.
In addition, the Company issued 221,385 shares of Series C Preferred Stock for the settlement of debt and payables totaling 702,161
in 2022. A loss of 313,340 was recognized on the issuance and is included in other expenses for the year. As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had a stock subscription payable balance of 629,903, or approximately 1,049,000 shares. 

ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item pursuant to 301(c) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM
 8. 
 INDEX
 TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 

20 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Vystar Corporation: 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Vystar Corporation. (the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then
ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
3 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred significant losses and experienced negative cash flow since inception. At December
31, 2022, the Company had cash of 12,274 and a deficit in working capital of approximately 3 million. Further, at December 31, 2022
the accumulated deficit amounted to approximately 55 million. These conditions and the ability to successfully resolve these factors
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 

 October
10, 2023 

 PCAOB
ID: 

F- 1 

VYSTAR
CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

2022 
 2021 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Assets of discontinued
 operations 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Other assets: 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 
 - 

Inventories, long-term 

Other 
 - 

Assets of discontinued
 operations 

Total other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND
 STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Stock subscription payable 

Shareholder, convertible
 and contingently convertible notes payable and accrued interest - current maturities 

Related party debt - current
 maturities 

Unearned revenue 

Derivative liabilities 
 - 

Related party advances 
 
 - 

Liabilities of discontinued
 operations 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities: 

Related party debt, net
 of current maturities and debt discount 
 - 

Liabilities of discontinued
 operations 

Total long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders deficit: 

Convertible preferred stock series class
 A, par value shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (liquidation
 preference of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Convertible preferred stock series B, par
 value 
 shares authorized; 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (liquidation preference of 
 at December 31, 2022) 
 
 - 

Convertible preferred stock series C, 
 par value 
 shares authorized; 
 and 
 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (liquidation preference of 
 at December 31, 2022) 
 
 - 

Convertible preferred stock

- 

Common stock, 
 par value, 
 shares authorized; and 
 shares issued at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and 
 and 
 shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Common stock in treasury,
 at cost; shares 

Total Vystar stockholders 
 deficit 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total stockholders 
 deficit 

Total liabilities and stockholders deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

VYSTAR
CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross loss 

Operating expenses: 

Salaries, wages and benefits 

Share-based compensation 

Professional fees 

Advertising 

Consulting 

Rent 

Service charges 

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss on impairment 

Other
 operating 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of
 derivative liabilities 

Loss
 on settlement of debt, net 

Total
 other expense, net 

Net loss from continuing operations 

Discontinued operations: 

Income
 (loss) from operations 

Net loss 

Net (income) loss attributable
 to noncontrolling interest 

Net loss attributable
 to Vystar 

Basic and diluted loss per share: 

Net
 loss from continuing operations 

Net
 income (loss) from discontinued operations 

Net
 income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net
 loss attributable to common shareholders 

Basic and diluted
 weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

VYSTAR
CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Shares
 A 
 Stock
 A 
 Shares
 B 
 Stock
 B 
 Shares
 C 
 Stock
 C 
 Shares 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Shares 
 Stock 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Deficit 

Attributable
 to Vystar 

Number 
 
 Number 
 
 Number 
 
 Number 

Number 
 
 Total 

of 
 
 of 
 
 of 
 
 of 
 
 Additional 
 
 of 
 
 Vystar 
 
 Total 

Preferred 
 Preferred 
 Preferred 
 Preferred 
 Preferred 
 Preferred 
 Common 
 Common 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Treasury 
 Treasury 
 Stockholders 
 Noncontrolling 
 Stockholders 

Shares
 A 
 Stock
 A 
 Shares
 B 
 Stock
 B 
 Shares
 C 
 Stock
 C 
 Shares 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Shares 
 Stock 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Deficit 

Ending balance December 31, 2020 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Common stock issued for services 

- 
 
 - 

Share-based compensation -
 options 

- 

Common stock issued for settlement
 of related party payable 

Common stock issued for cash
 received in prior period 

Preferred stock conversion 

- 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Ending balance December 31, 2021 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Share-based compensation -
 options 

- 

Retirement of common stock 

- 
 
 - 

Preferred stock issued for
 services 

Preferred stock issued for
 cash 

Preferred stock issued for settlement of accounts payable 

Preferred stock issued for
 settlement of shareholder notes payable 

Preferred stock issued for
 settlement of related party notes payable 

Preferred stock issued for settlement of stock payable 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Ending balance December 31, 2022 

Balance 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

VYSTAR
CORPORATION 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

2022 
 2021 

Year Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to net cash used in continuing operations: 

Share-based compensation 

Depreciation 

Bad debts 

Amortization of intangible
 assets 

Noncash lease expense 

Amortization of debt discount 

Impairment loss 

Change in fair value of
 derivative liabilities 

(Gain) loss on settlement of debt,
 net 

Loss on sale of property and equipment 

Loss on sale of investments 

- 

Net unrealized gain on available-for-sale investments 
 - 

(Increase) decrease in
 assets: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Assets of discontinued operations 

Increase (decrease) in
 liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and interest
 payable 

Unearned
 revenue 

Liabilities of discontinued operations 

Net
 cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Patents
 and trademark fees 
 - 

Cash flows from discontinued operations, net 
 - 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

- 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance
 of term debt 
 - 

Proceeds from related party
 advances 

Proceeds
 from issuance of preferred stock 
 
 - 

Cash flows from discontinued operations, net 

Net
 cash provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash 

Cash - beginning of year 

Cash - end of year 

Less: cash of discontinued operations 

Cash of continuing operations end of year 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Non-cash transactions: 

Prepaid expenses with preferred
 stock 
 
 - 

Preferred stock issued for settlement of related party payable 
 
 - 

Preferred stock issued for settlement of debt and accrued interest 
 
 - 

Preferred stock issued for settlement of related party debt and accrued interest 
 
 - 

Preferred stock issued
 for stock subscription payable 
 
 - 

Preferred stock issued for settlement of vendor payables 
 
 - 

Rotmans vendor payables paid directly
 by related party 
 
 - 

Rotmans lease liabilities arising
 from obtaining right-of-use assets 

Common stock issued for
 accrued compensation 
 - 

Derivatives issued as a
 debt discount 
 - 

Common stock issued for
 settlement of related party payable 
 - 

Common stock issued for
 cash received in prior year 
 - 

Common stock issued for
 preferred stock 
 - 

Reduction of third-party
 vendor payable with transfer of Rotmans inventories 
 - 

Acquisition of Rotmans
 inventories with third-party vendor payable at commencement of second sale agreement 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

VYSTAR
CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December
31, 2022 and 2021 

of our common stock was effective, which was previously approved by our Board of
Directors on July 26, 2022. The total number of shares which the Company is authorized to issue is , of which 
is common and is preferred. All share and per share amounts have been adjusted in these consolidated financial statements
to reflect the effects of the reverse stock split, unless otherwise noted. 

in 2022. Amounts sold during the year ending December 31, 2022 were approximately .
Retail furniture receivables retained by Rotmans are generally collateralized by the merchandise sold, represent valid claims against
debtors for sales arising on or before the balance sheet date and are reduced to their estimated net realizable value. In addition, the
Company grants credit to Vystar customers without requiring collateral. The amount of accounting loss for which Vystar is at risk in
these unsecured accounts receivable is limited to their carrying value. Management provides for uncollectible amounts through a charge
to earnings and a credit to an allowance for doubtful accounts based upon its assessment of the current status of individual accounts.
Balances that are still outstanding after management has performed reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to
the allowance and a credit to accounts receivable. An allowance for doubtful accounts was not needed at December 31, 2022. As of December
31, 2021, Vystar has recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of . 

during the year ended December 31, 2021. Rotmans has filed for refunds of the
employee retention credits and as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K has subsequently received all of the remaining refunds. 

Rotmans
terminated its agreement with a supplier in 2021 and will receive in consideration. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining account
balance of represents funds due from this termination. 

to , using straight-line and accelerated methods. 

Expenditures
for major renewals and betterments are capitalized, while routine repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred. When property items
are retired or otherwise disposed of, the asset and related reserve accounts are relieved of the cost and accumulated depreciation, respectively,
and the resultant gain or loss is reflected in earnings. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the net balance of property and equipment
for Vystar is and , respectively, with accumulated depreciation of and , respectively. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the net balance of property and equipment for Rotmans is and , respectively, with accumulated depreciation
of and , respectively. 

to . 

Vystar
has trademark protection for Vystar , Vytex , and RxAir among others. Trademarks are carried
at cost and since their estimated life is indeterminable, no amortization is recognized. Instead, they are evaluated annually for impairment. 

Customer
relationships, tradename and marketing related intangibles are carried at cost and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over
their estimated useful lives, typically ranging from to . 

Our
intangible assets are reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently as warranted by events of changes in circumstances. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, Vystar recognized an impairment charge of related to customer relationships, proprietary technology,
tradename and brand, and noncompete involving UV Flu. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Rotmans recognized an impairment charge
of related to the closing of the showroom and abandonment of customer relationships, tradename and brand, and marketing related
intangibles. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Vystar recognized an impairment charge of related to the proprietary technology
and customer relationships involving NHS. 

during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to a prior acquisition. Rotmans recognized an impairment loss of during
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Customer deposits received 

Gift cards purchased 
 - 
 
 - 

Revenue earned 

Balance, end of the
 year 
 
 - 

and shares of common stock for 2022 and 2021, respectively, as their effect would be anti-dilutive.
Warrants to purchase and shares of common stock for 2022 and 2021, respectively, were also excluded from the computation
of diluted loss per share as their effect would be anti-dilutive. In addition, preferred stock convertible to and shares
of common stock for 2022 and 2021, respectively, were excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share as their effect would be
anti-dilutive. Both shareholder and Rotman Family contingently convertible notes payable convertible to and shares
of common stock for 2022 and 2021, respectively, were also excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share as their effect would
be anti-dilutive. 

and ,
respectively, and are included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as accrued expenses. 

We
recognize revenue when we satisfy a performance obligation in a contract by transferring control over a product to a customer when product
is shipped based on fulfillment by the Company. The Company considers fulfillment when it passes all liability at the point of shipping
through third-party carriers or delivery services. Delivery fees are charged to customers and are included in revenue in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations and the costs associated with these deliveries are included in revenues as a third-party delivery
service is engaged. Taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing
transaction, that are collected by us from a customer, are excluded from revenue. Shipping and handling costs associated with outbound
freight after control over a product has transferred to a customer are accounted for as a fulfillment cost and are included in cost of
revenue in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Rotmans
also defers revenues for separately-priced stain protection warranty coverage for which it is ultimately self-insured. Revenue is recognized
from the extended warranty sales on a straight-line basis over the respective contract term. The extended warranty terms primarily range
from three to five years from the date of delivery. Rotmans ended this warranty program during 2020 but amortized the previously contracted
warranties over their original terms until store closing in December 2022. At December 31, 2021, deferred warranty revenue was approximately
 and is included in the liabilities of discontinued operations as unearned revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
During 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized total revenues of approximately and , respectively, related to deferred
warranty revenue arrangements. Commission costs in obtaining extended warranty contracts are capitalized and recognized as expense on
a straight-line basis over the period of the warranty contract until store closing in December 2022. At December 31, 2021, deferred commission
costs were approximately and are included in the assets of discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets. All other costs, such as costs of services performed under the contract, general and administrative expenses, and advertising
costs are expensed as incurred. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Rotmans costs included in discontinued operations were approximately
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

), based on technical merits, that the position would be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities.
Tax positions that meet the more likely than not threshold will be measured using a probability-weighted approach as the largest amount
of tax benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement. Income taxes are accounted for using an asset and liability
approach that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that
have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. A valuation allowance is established to reduce deferred tax assets if
all, or some portion, of such assets will more likely than not be realized. Should they occur, interest and penalties related to tax
positions are recorded as interest expense. such interest or penalties have been incurred for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

Vystar
and Rotmans remain subject to income tax examinations from Federal and state taxing jurisdictions for 2019 through 2022. 

and a deficit in working capital of approximately million. Further, at December 31, 2022 the accumulated deficit
amounted to approximately million. We use working capital to finance our ongoing operations, and since those operations do not currently
cover all our operating costs, managing working capital is essential to Vystar s future success. Because of this history of losses
and financial condition, there is substantial doubt about Vystar s ability to continue as a going concern. 

A
successful transition to attaining profitable operations is dependent upon obtaining sufficient financing to fund the Vystar s
planned expenses and achieving a level of revenue adequate to support the Vystar s cost structure. Management plans to finance
future operations using cash on hand, increased revenue from RxAir air purification units,Vytex license fees and stock issuances to new
and existing shareholders. 

There
can be no assurances Vystar will be able to achieve projected levels of revenue in 2023 and beyond. If Vystar is not able to achieve
projected revenue and obtain alternate additional financing of equity or debt, Vystar would need to significantly curtail or reorient
operations during 2023, which could have a material adverse effect on the ability to achieve the business objectives, and as a result,
may require Vystar to file for bankruptcy or cease operations. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the
recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts classified as liabilities that might be necessary should Vystar
be forced to take any such actions. 

Vystar s
future expenditures will depend on numerous factors, including the rate at which the Company can introduce RxAir air purification units
and license Vytex NRL raw materials to manufacturers, and subsequently retailers; the costs of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing
any patent claims and other intellectual property rights; market acceptance of Vystar s products, services and competing technological
developments; acquire new customers and maintain a strong brand; and broader economic factors such as interest rates and changes in customer
spending patterns. As Vystar expands its activities and operations, cash requirements are expected to increase at a rate consistent with
revenue growth after Vystar has achieved sustained revenue generation. 

Tooling and testing equipment 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Parking lots 
 - 
 
 - 

Leasehold improvements 
 - 
 
 - 

Motor vehicles 
 - 
 
 - 

Property and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, of which and is included
in net income (loss) from discontinued operations in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

- 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Proprietary technology 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Tradename and brand 
 
 - 

- 
 
 Noncompete 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Customer relationships 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 Marketing
 related 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 
 - 

Intangible assets, gross 
 
 - 

Accumulated
 amortization 
 
 - 

Intangible assets, net 
 
 - 

Indefinite-lived intangible assets: 

Trademarks 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Total intangible assets 
 
 - 

Amortization
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively, of which and is included
in net income (loss) from discontinued operations in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, Vystar recognized an impairment charge of related to its UV Flu intangibles. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, Rotmans recognized an impairment charge of related to its store closing in December 2022. The charge
is included in net loss from discontinued operations. During the year ended December 31, 2021, Vystar recognized an impairment charge
of related to customer relationships and proprietary technology acquired from NHS. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

to . In connection with
the store closing in 2022, Rotmans has recorded an impairment loss on the right-of-use assets totaling approximately .
In September 2021, Rotmans entered into a lease termination agreement involving one of its warehouses effective September 30, 2021.
Included in net income (loss) from discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 is a gain on the derecognition of
the lease of approximately . 

Finance lease cost: 

Amortization of right-of-use
 assets 

Interest
 on lease liabilities 

Total lease cost 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized sublease income of approximately and , respectively,
which in included in net income (loss) from discontinued operations in 2022 and 2021. 

Rotmans
leases generally do not provide an implicit rate, and therefore we use our incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate when measuring
operating lease liabilities. The incremental borrowing rate represents an estimate of the interest rate we would incur at lease commencement
to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over the term of the lease. We used incremental borrowing rates
as of the implementation date for operating leases that commenced prior to that date. 

Financing cash flows used
 for financing leases 

Assets obtained in exchange for operating lease
 liabilities 

- 

Assets obtained in exchange for finance lease
 liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease term: 

Operating leases 
 
 years 

years 

Finance leases 
 
 years 

years 

Weighted average discount rate: 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 
 
 - 

Thereafter 
 
 - 

Total undiscounted lease liabilities 

Less: imputed interest 

Net lease liabilities 

As
of December 31, 2022, Rotmans or Vystar does not have additional operating and finance leases that have not yet commenced. 

letter of credit agreement with Fidelity Co-operative Bank in November 2020. The pledged collateral of a 
cash deposit account is included in prepaid expenses and other, of assets of discontinued operations. The letter of credit was required
pursuant to an agreement with a third-party financial institution for customer financing. The requirements were removed in March 2023
and the funds released. 

Advances 

On
May 29, 2020, Rotmans entered into a sale promotion consulting agreement with a national furniture sales event company. Under the
agreement, Rotmans appointed the third-party as its exclusive agent to assist with a high-impact sale. Before the sale, the agent
advanced the Company funds of approximately 
to pay off the Fidelity line of credit and certain other vendors. The agent was reimbursed for the advance from the proceeds of the
sale. The initial sales agreement with the agent ended in May 2021. A new agreement was entered into with the agent in June 2021.
The agreement has been amended numerous times and ended in December 2022. The agent had a senior first priority security interest
and lien on Rotmans inventories and other assets until all obligations and liabilities were satisfied. At the conclusion of the
agreement, the remaining inventories were transferred to the agent. As of December 31, 2022, a receivable is due from the agent for
the inventories and sales receipts in the amount of 
and is included in assets of discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021, the
outstanding balance of the advance is approximately 
and is included in liabilities of discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 

Term
Notes 

On
April 16, 2020, Rotmans received in loan funding from the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP ), established
pursuant to the CARES Act and administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA ). The unsecured loan (the PPP
Loan is evidenced by a promissory note of the Company dated April 16, 2020 (the Note in the principal amount of
 with United Community Bank (the Bank ), the lender. Under the terms of the Note and the PPP Loan, interest accrues
on the outstanding principal at the rate of per annum. The term of the Note is two years, though it may be payable sooner in connection
with an event of default under the Note. On January 24, 2021, the PPP loan was fully forgiven by the SBA. 

On
February 2, 2021, Rotmans received a second PPP loan of from the SBA. The terms of the Note are the same of the original PPP
loan. On June 25, 2021, the PPP loan was fully forgiven by the SBA. Included in gain (loss) on settlement of debt, net for the year ended
December 31, 2021 is related to the forgiveness of both PPP loans. 

Continuing
Operations 

Shareholder,
Convertible and Contingently Convertible Notes Payable 

Accrued interest 

Total shareholder notes and accrued interest 

Less: current maturities 

Total long-term debt 
 - 
 - 

Shareholder
Convertible Notes Payable 

During
the year ended December 31, 2018, the Vystar issued shareholder contingently convertible notes payable, some of which were for contract
work performed by other entities in lieu of compensation and expense reimbursement, totaling approximately .
The notes are (i) unsecured, (ii) bear interest at an annual rate of five percent from date of issuance, and (iii) are convertible at Vystar s option post April 19, 2018. If converted, the notes plus accrued interest are convertible into shares of Vystar s
common stock at the prior twenty (20) day average closing price with a discount. The outstanding balance of all of these notes of
as December 31, 2022 and 2021 is and , respectively. The notes matured in January 2020 and continue to accrue interest
until settlement. The notes were in default at December 31, 2021 and bore interest at an annual rate of eight percent in arrears.
All of these notes except one were settled in April 2022 at a gain of approximately . Vystar issued shares of its Series
B Preferred Stock in July to complete the settlement. The remaining note is in default at December 31, 2022. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2019, Vystar issued certain contingently convertible promissory notes in varying amounts to existing shareholders
which totaled . The face amount of the note represents the amount due at maturity along with the accrued interest at an annual
rate of five percent ). The notes mature one year from issuance but may be extended one (1) additional year by Vystar. The face amount
can be converted into shares of Vystar s stock, at the option of the Company, based on the average closing price for the trailing
20 days prior to conversion and carrying a to discount. These notes can be converted only after an acceleration event which involves
a symbol change, uplisting, or reverse stock split and such conversion is in the control of Vystar. All of these notes were outstanding
and in default as of December 31, 2021. The unpaid balance on the notes bore interest at an annual rate of eight percent in arrears.
All of these notes were settled in April 2022 at a gain of approximately . Vystar issued shares of its Series B Preferred
Stock in July to complete the settlement. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, Vystar issued certain contingently convertible promissory notes in varying amounts to existing shareholders
which totaled . The notes are unsecured and bear interest at an annual rate of five percent from date of issuance. The face
amount of the notes represents the amount due at maturity along with the accrued interest. The notes were extended by Vystar for an additional
year. In the event that the spin-off of RxAir does not occur within 2023, Vystar will convert these notes into common stock at a conversion
price of . If the spin-off does occur, these notes will convert into RxAir common stock with . All of these notes are outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. At the
issuance date of these notes, it was determined they contain a beneficial conversion feature amounting to approximately . As these
notes are contingently convertible, the beneficial conversion feature will not be recorded on the consolidated financial statements until
the actual conversion occurs. 

Based
on the variable conversion price of the notes issued prior to 2021, Vystar recorded the embedded conversion features as derivative liabilities,
which amounted to at December 31, 2021. With the debt settlements in April 2022, the value of the embedded conversion
features on the one remaining note was de minimis at December 31, 2022. 

Related
Party Debt 

Rotman Family nonconvertible notes 

Accrued interest 

Debt discount 
 - 

Due to related party 

Less: current maturities 

Due to
 related party, noncurrent 
 - 

Rotman
Family Convertible Notes 

On
September 30, 2019, Vystar issued contingently convertible promissory notes totaling 
to Steven Rotman and Greg Rotman ).
These notes are (i) unsecured, (ii) bear interest at an annual rate of eight percent from date of issuance, (iii) are convertible at Vystar s option after December 31, 2019, and (iv) mature five years from
issuance. If converted, the notes plus accrued interest are convertible into shares of Vystar s common stock at the average of
the five lowest closing prices in the 90-day period prior to conversion with a 
discount. These notes were settled by Vystar in July 2022 with the issuance of 
and 
shares of Series C Preferred Stock to Steven and Greg Rotman, respectively. A loss of approximately and was incurred
on the settlement to Steven and Greg Rotman, respectively. The balance of the notes payable including accrued interest to Steven and
Greg Rotman was approximately 
and ,
respectively, at December 31, 2021. 

On
July 18, 2019, Vystar issued contingently convertible notes totaling 
to Steven Rotman and Bernard Rotman as partial consideration for the acquisition of 
of Rotmans. These notes are (i) unsecured, and (ii) bear interest at an annual rate of five percent from date of issuance. These notes can be converted only after an acceleration event which involves a symbol change, or reverse
stock split and such conversion is in the control of the Company. Steven Rotman s note matures eight years from issuance and
Bernard Rotman s note matures four years from issuance. If converted, the notes plus accrued interest are convertible into
shares of Vystar s common stock at a 20-day average closing price at a 
discount. These notes were settled by Vystar in July and September 2022 with the issuance of 
and 
shares of Series C Preferred Stock to Steven and Bernard Rotman, respectively. A loss of approximately and was
incurred on the settlement to Steven and Bernard Rotman, respectively. The balance of the notes payable including accrued interest
to Steven and Bernard Rotman was approximately 
and ,
respectively, at December 31, 2021. 

On
December 19, 2019, Vystar issued a contingently convertible promissory note totaling 
to Steven Rotman. The face amount of the note represents the amount due at maturity along with the accrued interest at .
The amount can be converted into shares of Vystar s stock, at the option of the Company, based on the average closing price
for the trailing 20 days prior to conversion and carrying 
discount. The note can be converted only after an acceleration event which involves a symbol change, uplisting, or reverse stock
split and such conversion is in the control of Vystar. The note was extended to mature from issuance. This note was settled by Vystar in July 2022 with the issuance of 
shares of Series C Preferred Stock at a loss of approximately . The balance of the note payable including accrued interest to Steven Rotman was approximately
 
at December 31, 2021, respectively. 

On
February 20, 2020, Vystar issued a contingently convertible promissory note totaling 
to Steven Rotman. The face amount of the note represents the amount due at maturity along with the accrued interest at .
The amount can be converted into shares of Vystar s stock, at the option of the Company, based on the average closing price
for the trailing 20 days prior to conversion and carrying 
discount. The note can be converted only after an acceleration event which involves a symbol change, uplisting, or reverse stock
split and such conversion is in the control of Vystar. The note matures from issuance. This note was settled by Vystar in July 2022 with the issuance of 
shares of Series C Preferred Stock at a loss of approximately . The balance of the note payable including accrued interest to Steven Rotman was approximately
 
at December 31, 2021. 

On
June 3, 2021, Vystar issued a contingently convertible promissory note totaling 
to Gregory Rotman. The face amount of the note represents the amount due at maturity along with the accrued interest at .
The amount can be converted into shares of Vystar s stock, at the holder s option, based on the average closing price
for the trailing 20 days prior to conversion and carrying 
discount or 
per share whichever is lower. The holder may elect to accelerate conversion in the event of a spin-out or reverse split. The note
matures from issuance. This note was settled by Vystar in July 2022 with the issuance of 
shares of Series C Preferred Stock at a loss of approximately . The balance of the note payable including accrued interest to Gregory Rotman was approximately
 
December 31, 2021. 

On
August 17, 2021, Vystar issued a contingently convertible promissory note totaling to Jamie Rotman. The note is unsecured and
bears interest at an annual rate of five percent from date of issuance. The face amount of the note represents the amount due at
maturity along with the accrued interest. In the event that the spin-off of RxAir does not occur within 2023, Vystar will convert the
note into common stock at a conversion price of . If the spin-off does occur, the note will convert into RxAir common stock with
 At the issuance date of this note, it was
determined to contain a beneficial conversion feature amounting to approximately . As this note is contingently convertible, the
beneficial conversion feature will not be recorded on the consolidated financial statements until the actual conversion occurs. The balance
of the note payable including accrued interest to Jamie Rotman was approximately at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

note due 

- 

Gregory Rotman note due 

- 

Steven Rotman note due 

- 

Bernard Rotman note due 

- 

Steven Rotman note due 

- 

Steven Rotman note due 

- 

Gregory Rotman note due 

- 

Jamie Rotman note due

Debt instrument, carrying
 amount 

Debt Discount 

- 

Notes payable 

Based
on the variable conversion price for these convertible notes excluding the one issued in August 2021, Vystar recorded the embedded conversion
features as derivative liabilities, which amounted to at December 31, 2021. With the subsequent conversions in July 2022,
there was no value of the embedded conversion features at December 31, 2022. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the one remaining note is due in 2023 and is included in current maturities. 

Rotman
Family Nonconvertible Notes 

In
connection with the acquisition of 
of Rotmans, Steven and Bernard Rotman were issued related party notes payable in the amounts of 
and ,
respectively. The notes bear interest at an annual rate of five percent ).
Steven Rotman s note matures from issuance and Bernard Rotman s note matures from issuance. Payments of 
and 
to Steven and Bernard Rotman, respectively, per month were scheduled to begin six months from issuance until maturity in December
2027 and 2023, respectively. Steven Rotman s note was settled by Vystar in July 2022 with the issuance of 
shares of Series C Preferred Stock at a loss of approximately . The balance of Bernard Rotman s note including accrued interest was approximately 
at December 31, 2022. The balance of these notes payable including accrued interest to Steven and Bernard Rotman was approximately
 
and ,
respectively, at December 31, 2021. 

During
2020, Steven Rotman advanced Vystar funds totaling .
In December 2020, Vystar formalized the advances and issued a promissory note to Steven Rotman. The note bears interest at an annual
rate of five percent and was due from issuance. . The face amount of the note represents the amount due at
maturity along with accrued interest. Vystar settled this note in July 2022 with the issuance of 
shares of Series C Preferred Stock at a loss of approximately . The balance of the note payable including accrued interest to Steven Rotman was approximately
 ,
at December 31, 2021. 

During
2021, Steven Rotman advanced Vystar funds totaling .
Vystar formalized the advances and issued promissory notes to Steven Rotman. The notes bear interest at an annual rate of five
percent and are due no later than two years from the issuance date. The face amount of the notes represents the amount due at maturity along
with accrued interest. Vystar settled these notes in July 2022 with the issuance of 
shares of Series C Preferred Stock at a loss of approximately . The balance of the notes payable including accrued interest to Steven Rotman was approximately
 
at December 31, 2021. 

note due July
 2027 

- 

Bernard Rotman note due July 2023 

Steven Rotman note due December 2022 

- 

Steven Rotman note due March 2023 

- 

Steven Rotman note
 due June 2023 

- 

Principal
 amount 

As
of December 31, 2022, the one remaining note is due in 2023 and included in current maturities. 

Discontinued
Operations Note 

In
April 2022, Blue Oar Consulting, Inc. Blue Oar ), an entity wholly owned by Gregory Rotman, advanced Rotmans and
paid bills totaling on Rotmans behalf. Rotmans formalized the advances and issued a promissory note to Blue Oar. The note bears
interest at an annual rate of six percent and requires payments of until the note and interest is paid in full in
2023. Rotmans also granted Blue Oar a security interest in its inventory. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the note payable including
accrued interest was approximately and is included in liabilities from discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet. 

derivative liability balance on the consolidated balance sheet and recorded a gain from change in fair value of derivative
liabilities of and
 for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The derivative liability activity comes from the convertible notes
payable. Vystar analyzed the conversion features and warrants of the various note agreements for derivative accounting consideration
under ASC 815-15 Derivatives and Hedging and determined that the embedded conversion features should be classified as
a derivative because the exercise price of these convertible notes are subject to a variable conversion rate. Vystar has determined
that the conversion feature is not considered to be solely indexed to the Company s own stock and is therefore not afforded
equity treatment. In accordance with ASC 815, Vystar has bifurcated the conversion feature of the notes and recorded a derivative
liability. 

The
embedded derivatives for the notes are carried on the Company s consolidated balance sheet at fair value. The derivative liability
is marked-to-market each measurement period and any unrealized change in fair value is recorded as a component of the consolidated statement
of operations and the associated fair value carrying amount on the consolidated balance sheet is adjusted by the change. Vystar fair
values the embedded derivative using a lattice-based valuation model or Monte Carlo simulation. 

The
following table summarizes the derivative liabilities included in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Initial measurement of liabilities 
 - 

Change in fair value 

Balance, end of the
 year 
 - 

shares of the Company s 10 Series A Cumulative
Convertible Preferred Stock. Under the terms of the offering, Vystar offered to sell up to 
 shares of preferred stock at 
 per share for a value of .
The preferred stock was convertible at a conversion price of per common share at the option of the holder after a nine-month holding
period. The conversion price was lowered to 
 per common share for those holders who invested
an additional 
 or more in Vystar s common stock in the
aforementioned September 2014 Private Placement. The preferred shares have full voting rights as if converted and have a fully participating
liquidation preference. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of Series A Preferred Stock
shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to the dividends accumulated and unpaid thereon to the date of final distribution to such
holders, whether or not declared, without interest, plus a sum equal to per share. As of December 31, 2022, the liquidation preference
totals approximately . 

As
of December 31, 2022, the 
shares of outstanding preferred stock had undeclared dividends of approximately 
and could be converted into 
shares of common stock, at the option of the holder. 

As
of December 31, 2021, the shares of outstanding preferred stock had undeclared dividends of approximately and could be
converted into shares of common stock, at the option of the holder. 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

On
April 11, 2022, Vystar amended its Articles of Incorporation to add the terms of a 10 Series B Cumulative Convertible Preferred
Stock. Under the amendment, the number of shares authorized are .
The preferred stock accumulates a 
per annum dividend and is convertible into 
shares of common stock at the option of the holder. The holders of Series B Preferred Stock have full voting rights as if converted
and have a fully participating liquidation preference. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the
holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to the dividends accumulated and unpaid thereon to
the date of final distribution to such holders, whether or not declared, without interest, plus a sum equal to per share. As of
December 31, 2022, the liquidation preference totals approximately . 

As
of December 31, 2022, the shares of outstanding preferred stock had undeclared dividends of approximately and could
be converted into shares of common stock, at the option of the holder. 

Series
C Preferred Stock 

On
July 8, 2022, Vystar amended its Articles of Incorporation to add the terms of a 
Series C Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock. Under the amendment, the number of shares authorized are .
The preferred stock accumulates a 
per annum dividend and is convertible into 
 shares of common stock at the option of the holder.
The holders of Series C Preferred Stock have full voting rights as if converted and have a fully participating liquidation preference.
In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to
receive an amount equal to the dividends accumulated and unpaid thereon to the date of final distribution to such holders, whether or
not declared, without interest, plus a sum equal to per share. As of December 31, 2022, the liquidation preference totals approximately
 . 

As
of December 31, 2022, the shares of outstanding preferred stock had undeclared dividends of approximately and could
be converted into shares of common stock, at the option of the holder. 

Common
Stock and Warrants 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company retired shares of previously issued common stock. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, Vystar issued 
shares of common stock under equity purchase agreements for cash proceeds totaling .
In addition, 
shares of common stock were issued for the conversion of 
shares of Series A Preferred Stock. 

Included
in stock subscription payable at December 31, 2022 and 2021, is received under common stock subscription agreements for 
shares during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Stock
Subscription Payable 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, Vystar recorded and , respectively, of stock subscription payable related
to common stock to be issued. The following summarizes the activity of stock subscription payable during the year ended December 31,
2022 and 2021: 

Additions 

Issuances 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Additions 

Issuances 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

- 
 - 

Dining Room Furniture 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Occasional 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Total case goods 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Upholstery 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Mattresses and Toppers 

Broadloom, Flooring and
 Rugs 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Warranty 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Air Purification Units 

- 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Accessories
 and Other 

Net
 sales 

and of stock-based compensation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
including shares to be issued related to consultants and board member stock options and common stock and warrants issued to non-employees.
Included in stock subscription payable is accrued stock-based compensation of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

Vystar
used the Black-Scholes option pricing model to estimate the grant-date fair value of option and warrant awards: 

Expected
 Dividend Yield - because Vystar does not currently pay dividends, the expected dividend yield is ; 

Expected
 Volatility in Stock Price - volatility based on Vystar s trading activity was used to determine expected volatility; 

Risk-free
 Interest Rate - reflects the average rate on a United States Treasury Bond with a maturity equal to the expected term of the option;
 and 

Expected
 Life of Award - because we have minimal experience with the exercise of options or warrants for use in determining the expected life
 of each award, we used the option or warrant s contractual term as the expected life. 

In
total for the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, Vystar recorded and , respectively, of share-based compensation
expense related to employee and board members stock options. There is unrecognized compensation expense as of December 31,
2022. 

Options 

During
2004, the Board of Directors of Vystar adopted a stock option plan (the Plan and authorized up to shares to be
issued under the Plan. In April 2009, Vystar s Board of Directors authorized an increase in the number of shares to be issued under
the Plan to shares and to include the independent Board Members in the Plan in lieu of continuing the previous practice of granting
warrants each quarter to independent Board Members for services. At December 31, 2022, there are shares of common stock available
for issuance under the Plan. In 2014, the Board of Directors adopted an additional stock option plan which provides for an additional
 shares, which are all available as of December 31, 2022. In 2019, the Board of Directors adopted an additional stock option plan
which provides for an additional shares, which are all available as of December 31, 2022. The Plan is intended to permit stock
options granted to employees to qualify as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended Incentive Stock Options ). All options granted under the Plan that are not intended to qualify as Incentive Stock Options
are deemed to be non-qualified options. Stock options are granted at an exercise price equal to the fair market value of Vystar s
common stock on the date of grant, typically vest over periods up to years and are typically exercisable up to years. 

There
were options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur. 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited 

- 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Cancelled 

- 

Forfeited 
 
 41.40 
 - 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2021 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no aggregate intrinsic value on the outstanding options. The aggregate intrinsic value will
change based on the fair market value of Vystar s common stock. 

Warrants 

Warrants
are issued to third parties as payment for services, debt financing compensation and conversion, and in conjunction with the issuance
of common stock. The fair value of each common stock warrant issued for services is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model. 

- 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Exercised 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding, December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

Granted 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Cancelled 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Forfeited 
 
 - 
 
 - 

Expired 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding, December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 
 
 - 

Exercisable, December 31, 2021 
 
 - 

per year in cash, per month
in shares based on a 20-day average price at a discount to market, per month in cash for expenses, as well as access to a
Company provided vehicle and health and life insurance. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Vystar and Rotmans expensed approximately
 related to this employment agreement. In addition, Vystar issued shares of Series C Preferred Stock for the settlement
of debt totaling . A loss of was recognized on the issuance and is included in other expenses for 2022. As of December
31, 2022, Vystar had a stock subscription payable balance of , or approximately shares to be issued in the future and
 of reimbursable expenses payable and of unpaid salary. 

The
Board of Directors authorized their board fees for 2021 be paid in common stock of Vystar. Included in stock subscription payable at
December 31, 2022 and 2021 is shares valued at , of which shares valued at is included in Steven Rotman s
balance above. 

Blue
Oar Consulting, Inc. 

This
entity is owned by Gregory Rotman, who is the son of the Company s CEO, Steven Rotman. Blue Oar provides business consulting services
to Vystar. In exchange for such services, Vystar has entered into a consulting agreement with the related party entity. 

Per
the consulting agreement, Blue Oar is to be paid per month in cash for expenses, and per month to be paid in shares based
on a 20-day average at a discount to market. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Vystar expensed approximately related
to the consulting agreement. In addition, Vystar issued shares of Series C Preferred Stock for the settlement of debt and payables
totaling . A loss of was recognized on the issuance and is included in other expenses for 2022. As of December 31, 2022,
Vystar had a stock subscription payable balance of , or approximately shares. 

Related
Party Advances 

As of December 31, 2022, Gregory Rotman and Steven Rotman advanced Vystar funds totaling and , respectively.
The advances are due on demand as repayment terms have not yet been finalized. 

Bernard
Rotman 

On
July 18, 2019, Vystar issued a contingently convertible note totaling to Bernard Rotman as partial consideration for the acquisition
of of Rotmans. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Vystar issued shares of Series C Preferred Stock for the settlement
of this debt totaling . A loss of was recognized on the issuance and is included in other expenses for 2022. 

Fluid
Energy Conversion Inc. 

In
May of 2019, Vystar acquired the assets of Fluid Energy Conversion, Inc. FEC for shares of common stock. FEC is
owned by Dr. Bryan Stone, one of Vystar s directors. The assets consist of a patent on the Hughes Reactor, which has the ability
to control, enhance and focus energy in flowing liquids and gases. Included in subscription stock payable at December 31, 2021 is 
representing the value of the shares on the purchase date. Vystar entered into a settlement in July 2022 and issued shares
of Series B Preferred Stock in lieu of common stock. A gain of was realized on the settlement during the year ended December
31, 2022 and is included in other expenses for 2022. 

Designcenters.com 

This
entity is owned by Jamie Rotman, who is the daughter of the Company s CEO, Steven Rotman. Designcenters.com Design provided bookkeeping and management services to the Company through July 2019. In exchange for such services, the Company had entered
into a consulting agreement with the related party entity. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a stock subscription payable balance
of approximately , for approximately shares related to this party for services incurred and expensed in 2019. 

EMA
seeks summary judgment on its breach of contract and attorneys fees claims, specifically seeking damages in the amount of
 
with 
interest premised on the argument it was entitled to effectuate a January 15 and February 5, 2019, notices of conversions. EMA
further seeks to dismiss Vystar s affirmative defenses and counterclaims. Conversely, Vystar filed its motion for summary
judgment seeking an order to dismiss the EMA complaint on the grounds: (i) the underlying note was satisfied on December 11, 2018;
and (ii) EMA, through multiple breaches of the note, over-converted the note by shares equating to a request of damages
against EMA and in favor of Vystar for ,
with interest accruing at ,
and attorneys fees. The briefing by the parties was fully submitted on July 29, 2022. 

On
January 6, 2023, the Court issued a series of preliminary rulings based upon the parties respective summary judgment motions.
Those rulings narrowed the outstanding issues (and claims) to only the parties breach of contract claim and counterclaim (and
affirmative defenses) regarding the conversion process. Of particular importance, the Court found EMA breached the note by failing
to effectuate the conversions in the manner outlined by the controlling note. The Court further found the principal balance at
issue was , interest accrued from the date set in the note and default interest, to the extent applicable, was to accrue at
the default rate from September 2018, forward. The Court left undecided whether EMA s breach of the note was material, whether
affirmative defenses as previously raised by the parties were applicable to each parties contractual claim, and a damages analysis
associated with the same. The Court then requested a supplemental briefing as to the issues of materiality, liability and damages.
The issues were fully briefed and submitted on February 24 and March 15, 2023. The parties await a final decision from the Court. 

and , respectively, of its purchases from one
major vendor. There was balance owed at December 31, 2022. They owed its major vendor approximately at December 31, 2021. 

effective tax rate for federal income
taxes. A reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate and the effective income tax rate as a percentage of income before income
taxes is as follows: 

Change in valuation allowance
 on net operating loss carryforwards 

Effective income tax
 rate 

Less valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

Deferred
taxes are caused primarily by net operating loss carryforwards. U.S. Tax Legislation enacted in 2017 (the TCJA has significantly changed certain aspects of U.S. federal income taxation. Net Operating Losses NOLs generated in 2017
and prior years can be carried forward for 20 years. NOLs generated in 2018 2020, as enacted by the CARES Act, can be carried
forward indefinitely. However, NOLs generated after 2020 can also carried forward indefinitely but limited to of taxable income. 

For federal income tax purposes, Vystar has a net operating loss carryforward
of approximately as of December 31, 2022, of which approximately expires beginning in 2024 and which
can be carried forward indefinitely. For state income tax purposes, Vystar has a net operating loss carryforward of approximately 
and as of December 31, 2022 in Georgia and Massachusetts, respectively, which expires beginning in 2038. 

In
addition, as of December 31, 2022, Rotmans has a net operating loss carryforward of approximately for federal income tax purposes
of which expires beginning in 2029 and can be carried forward indefinitely. Rotmans has a state operating loss carryforward
of approximately which expires beginning in 2038. 

Pursuant
to Internal Revenue Code Section 382, the future realization of our net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income
may be subject to an annual limitation as a result of ownership changes that may have occurred previously or that could occur in the
future. 

post-retirement benefits other than the plan discussed above and no significant post-employment benefits. 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Salaries, wages and benefits 

Agent fees 

Professional fees 

Advertising 

Consulting 
 
 - 
 
 Rent 

Service charges 

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss on impairment 
 
 - 
 
 Other
 operating 

Total
 operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Gain on settlement
 of debt, net 

Other
 income, net 

Total
 other income (expense), net 

Net income (loss) from
 discontinued operations 

Details
of the balance sheet items for discontinued operations are as follows: 

2022 
 2021 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivables 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Deferred
 commission costs 
 - 

Total
 current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Property and equipment,
 net 

Operating lease right-of-use
 assets, net 

Finance lease right-of-use
 assets, net 
 - 

Intangible assets, net 
 - 

Goodwill 
 - 

Inventories, long-term 
 - 

Other
 assets 

Total
 non-current assets 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities
 - current maturities 

Finance lease liabilities
 - current maturities 

Related party debt - current
 maturities 
 
 - 
 
 Unearned
 revenue 
 - 

Total
 current liabilities 

Non-current liabilities: 

Operating lease liabilities,
 net of current maturities 

Finance lease liabilities,
 net of current maturities 

Unearned
 revenue, net of current maturities 
 - 

Total
 non-current liabilities 

The consolidated statements of cash flows do not present the cash flows from discontinued operations separately from cash flows from continuing
operations. Included in adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities are the following discontinued operations
items: 

2022 
 2021 

Depreciation 

Bad debts 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Noncash lease expense 

Impairment loss 
 
 - 
 
 (Gain) loss on settlement of debt, net 

Gain on sale of property and equipment 

Loss on sale of investments 
 - 

Net unrealized gain on available-for-sale investments 
 - 

. The lots were not classified as held for sale at year-end as no plan to sell the lots was made at December 31, 2022. 

Rotmans facilities lease was amended
on August 10, 2023. Beginning in September 2023, in addition to the monthly base rent, Rotmans will be responsible for the base year
heating costs of per
month with any annual increase over the base year due within thirty days of receipt. A supplementary payment of for
insurance costs was made with the amendment. Rotmans also assumed liability for roof repairs for a specified building within the
facilities; subleases will be deemed approved by the lessor unless notified to the contrary within ten days, and the lessor has the
option, with a six-month notice, to terminate the lease after December 31, 2028. Simultaneously, two subleases were approved with
occupancy scheduled to begin shortly. Base sublease rent in the aggregate totals 
per month with annual increases based on the consumer price index. Each lease term is at least five years. 

F- 31 

ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

The
Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (the Certifying Officer) is responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures for the Company. Although the Certifying Officer has designed such disclosure controls and procedures
to ensure that material information is made known to them, particularly during the period in which this report was prepared, certain
material weaknesses occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 and subsequent to year end. The Certifying Officer has evaluated
the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) (the Rules) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (or Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual
Report and is working on improving controls with an outside CPA firm and internal resources. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d - 15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Internal control over financial reporting is a process
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions;
(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements; (iii) provide
reasonable assurance that our receipts and expenditures are made in accordance with management authorization; and (iv) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable,
and not absolute, assurance that the controls will prevent or detect misstatements. In addition, the design of any control system is
based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control
systems, there is only the reasonable assurance that our controls will succeed in achieving their goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management,
under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our acting Chief Financial Officer, conducted an
evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) 2013. Based on our evaluation under the
COSO framework, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. Such
conclusion was reached based on the following material weaknesses noted by management: 

a)
We have a lack of segregation of duties due to the small size of the Company. 

b)
The Company did not maintain reasonable control over records underlying transactions necessary to permit preparation of the Company s
financial statements. 

c)
Lack of controls that provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposal
of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

d)
Lack of a formal CFO position who can devote significant attention to financial reporting resulted in multiple audit adjustments. 

21 

e)
Lack of a functioning audit committee, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls
and procedures. Management believes the lack of a functioning audit committee results in ineffective oversight in the establishment and
monitoring of required internal controls and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our financial statements in
future period. 

Management
expects to strengthen internal control during 2023 by developing stronger business and financial processes for accounting for transactions
such as warrant/stock issuances, which will enhance internal control for the Company. 

ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Board
of Directors 

The
following tables set forth the name and information of each director of Vystar as of December 31, 2022. Each director is elected to serve
until the next Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Name 
 
 Principal
 Occupation During Last Five Years 
 
 Age 
 
 Director 
 Since 

Joseph
 C. Allegra, Jr., PhD 
 
 Joseph
 Allegra, PhD was elected Chairman of the Board on February 14, 2018 and has followed Vystar s progress for numerous years and
 has assisted as an investment advisor and investor, providing insight into positioning the company to attract investors, particularly
 in the healthcare sector. He currently is an Instructor of Epidemiology and Biostatistics at the University of Georgia and an Investment
 Advisor at Lincoln Lee Investments in Atlanta. Previously he was a Senior Drug Safety Associate at Genentech. Dr. Allegra received
 his BA in Psychology from Boston University, and his Master of Public Health and Doctor of Philosophy degrees from the University
 of Georgia. 
 
 43 
 
 2017 

Steven
 Rotman 
 
 Steven
 Rotman was elected Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Vystar Corporation. Mr. Rotman has been President and CEO of Rotmans,
 one of the oldest and largest, furniture and carpet retailers in New England, for more than 40 years. In addition, he is the founder
 and managing partner of NHS Holdings, a company that in 2015 became the exclusive distributor of Vytex natural rubber latex
 foam in the U.S. and laid the groundwork for Vytex s entrance to the home furnishings industry. Mr. Rotman received a BBA degree
 from Clark University and an MS from New York University. 
 
 84 
 
 2017 

22 

Bryan
 Stone, MD 
 
 Bryan
 Stone, M.D, has advised Vystar over the past years relating to product development for the healthcare industry and brings to the
 Board an understanding of the challenges of new product development for start-up companies. He is the Chairman of Medicine at Desert
 Regional Medical Center in Palm Springs, California, and is the Medical Director at multiple DaVita Dialysis Centers. He is also
 an entrepreneur, serving as the Interim CEO of Fluid Energy Conversion, Inc., a firm specializing in molecular fluid mechanics, specifically
 high efficiency mass producible energy conversion technologies. 
 
 55 
 
 2017 

Byron
 L. Novosad, DDS 
 
 Byron
 L. Novosad, DDS was appointed to the Board on January 25, 2021.Dr Novosad received a BA in Chemistry from Baylor University and graduated
 from the University of Texas Dental School in Houston and later received his Certificate in Periodontics in 1982. Dr. Novosad brings
 experience to the Board in the medical and health care field, and served previously as a consultant to UV Flu Technologies from 2011
 to 2015 and a consultant to Vystar Corporation from 2013 to 2015. He has operated a private periodontal practice in the Houston,
 Texas area for 30 years and has been a Clinical Assistant Professor of Periodontics at the Periodontic Graduate Clinic for the University
 of Texas Dental branch in Houston since 2007. He was on the Advisory Board of Wharton County Jr. College School of Dental Hygiene
 for 37 years. 
 
 67 
 
 2021 

Director
Independence 

Under
Rule 5605(b)(1) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, independent directors must comprise a majority of a listed company s board of
directors within one year of listing. In addition, Nasdaq Marketplace Rules require that, subject to specified exceptions, each member
of a listed company s audit, compensation and nominating and governance committees be independent. While Vystar does not currently
qualify for listing on Nasdaq and will likely not qualify for some time after the date of this proxy statement, it does intend to seek
such listing as soon as possible and complies with its Marketplace Rules. Audit committee members must also satisfy the independence
criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Under Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2), a director
will only qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion of that company s board of directors, that person
does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a
director. In order to be considered to be independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3, a member of an audit committee of a public company
may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the audit committee, the board of directors, or any other board committee:
(1) accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from the public company or any of its subsidiaries;
or (2) be an affiliated person of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries. 

In
March of 2013, our Board undertook a review of its composition, the composition of its committees and the independence of each director.
Based upon information requested from and provided by each director concerning his or her background, employment and affiliations, including
family relationships, our Board has determined none of the directors has a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director and that each of these directors is independent as that term
is defined under Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2). 

Audit
Committee 

The
Board member serving on our Audit Committee was Dr. Stone. Our Board has determined that Dr. Stone satisfies the requirements for financial
literacy under the current requirements of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. He is an audit committee financial expert, as
defined by SEC rules and satisfy the financial sophistication requirements of The NASDAQ Global Market. Our Audit Committee assists our
Board in its oversight of our accounting and financial reporting process and the audits of our financial statements. The Audit Committee s
responsibilities include: 

appointing,
 approving the compensation of, and assessing the independence of our independent registered public accounting firm; 

23 

overseeing
 the work of our independent registered public accounting firm, including through the receipt and consideration of reports from such
 firm; 

reviewing
 and discussing with management and the independent registered public accounting firm our annual and quarterly financial statements
 and related disclosures; 

monitoring
 our internal control over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures and code of business conduct and ethics; 

discussing
 our risk management policies; 

establishing
 policies regarding hiring employees from the independent registered public accounting firm and procedures for the receipt and resolution
 of accounting related complaints and concerns; 

meeting
 independently with our independent registered public accounting firm and management; 

reviewing
 and approving or ratifying any related person transactions; and 

preparing
 the audit committee report required by SEC rules. 

All
audit and non-audit services, other than de minimus non-audit services, to be provided to us by our independent registered public accounting
firm must be approved in advance by our Audit Committee. 

Audit
Committee Charter 

We
have adopted an Audit Committee Charter which sets out the duties and responsibilities of our Audit Committee. The Audit Committee Charter
is available on our website at www.vystarcorp.com . Any amendments to the Charter, or any waivers of its requirements, will be
disclosed on our website. 

Meetings
of the Board and Committees 

During
fiscal year 2022, our Board held one meeting, and its Audit Committee held one meeting. Each director attended the meeting in fiscal
year 2022. Members of our Board are encouraged to attend our annual meetings of shareholders. 

CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

Corporate
Governance Guidelines 

We
believe in sound corporate governance practices and have adopted formal Corporate Governance Guidelines to enhance our effectiveness.
Our Board adopted these Corporate Governance Guidelines in order to ensure that it has the necessary practices in place to review and
evaluate our business operations as needed and to make decisions that are independent of our management. The Corporate Governance Guidelines
are also intended to align the interests of directors and management with those of our shareholders. The Corporate Governance Guidelines
set forth the practices our Board follows with respect to Board and committee composition and selection, Board meetings, chief executive
officer performance evaluation and management development and succession planning for senior management, including the chief executive
officer position. A copy of our Corporate Governance Guidelines is available on our website at www.vystarcorp.com . 

24 

Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics 

We
adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to all officers, directors and employees of Vystar that comply with NASDAQ listing
standards. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics includes an enforcement mechanism, and any waivers for directors or executive officers
must be approved by our Board and disclosed in a current report on Form 8-K with the SEC. This Code of Business Conduct is publicly available
on our website at www.vystarcorp.com . There were no waivers of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for any of our directors
or executive officers during fiscal year 2022. 

ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

Overview 

EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth information regarding compensation earned by our, Chief Executive Officer and President for 2022 and 2021. 

Name and Principal
 Position 
 Salary 
 Option Awards (1) 
 Total 
 
 Steven Rotman - 2022 
 185,000 
 236,150 
 421,150 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer
 and President 

Steven Rotman - 2021 
 185,000 
 292,329 
 447,329 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer
 and President 

(1) 
 These
 amounts do not reflect the actual economic value realized by the executive officers. In accordance with SEC rules, the amounts in
 this column for 2022 and 2021 represent the dollar amount recognized as compensation expense by Vystar for financial statement reporting
 purposes for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 for stock and options granted to each of the executive officers in each such fiscal year
 in accordance with applicable accounting guidance related to stock-based compensation. Pursuant to SEC rules, the amounts shown disregard
 the impact of estimated forfeitures related to service-based vesting conditions. 

25 

DIRECTOR
COMPENSATION 

The
following table sets forth certain information with respect to compensation awarded to, paid to or earned by each of Vystar s non-employee
directors during fiscal year 2022. 

Name 
 Fees 
 Earned 
 or 
 Paid
 in 
 Cash
 ) 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 )(3) 
 Option
 Awards ) (1) 
 Total 
 )(2) 
 
 Joseph C. Allegra, Jr., PhD 
 - 
 - 
 3,691 
 3,691 
 
 Bryan Stone, M.D. 
 - 
 - 
 3,691 
 3,691 
 
 Byron L. Novosad, DDS 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 On
 December 15, 2017, Dr. Stone and Dr. Allegra as non-employee directors were granted 500,000
 options at 0.05 per share which vest 25,000 options at the end of each fiscal quarter for
 five (5) years beginning December 31, 2017. 

The
 amounts included represent the portion of the original total grant date fair value of options that vested in 2022 together with the
 dollar amount recognized as compensation expense by Vystar for financial statement reporting purposes for fiscal year 2022 in accordance
 with applicable accounting guidance related to stock-based compensation. 

(2) 
 These
 amounts do not reflect the actual economic value realized by the directors. In accordance with SEC rules, this column represents
 the dollar amount recognized as compensation expense by Vystar for financial statement reporting purposes for fiscal year 2022 for
 stock options granted to each of the non-employee directors during fiscal years 2017 through 2022 in accordance with applicable accounting
 guidance related to stock-based compensation. Pursuant to SEC rules, the amounts shown disregard the impact of estimated forfeitures
 related to service-based vesting conditions. 

Compensation
Philosophy 

The
current policy of our Board is that compensation for non-employee directors should be equity-based compensation to reward directors for
quarterly periods of service in fulfilling their oversight responsibilities. 

Expenses 

We
reimburse our directors for their travel and related expenses in connection with attending Board and committee meetings, as well as costs
and expenses incurred in attending director education programs and other Vystar-related seminars and conferences. 

ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of December 31, 2022 by each entity or person who is known
to beneficially own 5 or more of our common stock, each of our directors, each Executive Officer identified in Executive Compensation Summary
Compensation Table contained in this proxy statement and all of our directors and current executive officers as a group. This
table is based upon information supplied by executive officers, directors and principal shareholders. Unless otherwise indicated in the
footnotes to this table and subject to community property laws where applicable, each of the shareholders named in this table has sole
voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated as beneficially owned. None of the shares beneficially owned by our
executive officers and directors are pledged as security. Applicable percentages are based on shares outstanding on December 31, 2022,
adjusted as required by rules promulgated by the SEC. 

26 

Officers and Directors 

Steven Rotman 

Worcester, MA 
 348,035 
 2.689 

Bryan Stone, M.D. 

Palm Springs, CA 
 209,663 
 1.620 

Joseph Carmen Allegra, Jr., PhD 

Atlanta, GA 
 10,000 
 0.077 

Byron L. Novosad, DDS 

Houston, TX 
 6,667 
 0.052 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group 
 574,365 
 4.438 

Total Shares Outstanding 
 12,942,592 

SECTION
16(A) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE 

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors, and any person or entity who owns more than ten percent of a
registered class of our common stock or other equity securities, to file with the SEC certain reports of ownership and changes in ownership
of our securities. Executive officers, directors and shareholders who hold more than ten percent of our outstanding common stock are
required by the SEC to furnish us with copies of all required forms filed under Section 16(a). We prepare Section 16(a) forms on behalf
of our executive officers and directors based on the information provided by them. 

Based
solely on review of this information and written representations by our executive officers and directors that no other reports were required,
we believe that, during fiscal year 2022 each director filed the forms required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act on a timely basis
with respect to the repricing of option and warrants. 

EQUITY
COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

The
following table shows information related to our common stock which may be issued under our compensation plans, as amended, as of December
31, 2022: 

Plan Category 
 Number
 of securities to
 be issued upon exercise
 of outstanding
 options 
 Weighted
 Average Exercise price of outstanding options 
 Number
 of s ecurities remaining available for
 future issuance under
 equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in
 first column) 
 
 2004 Long-Term Incentive Compensation
 Plan, as amended, approved by shareholders 
 77,483 
 580 
 22,517 
 
 2014 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan 
 0 
 0 
 50,000 
 
 2019 Equity Incentive
 Plan 
 0 
 0 
 500,000 
 
 Total 
 77,483 
 580 
 572,517 

27 

Our
2004 Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended, which we refer to as the 2004 Plan, was adopted by our Board in 2004, and amended
and approved by our shareholders in 2009. A maximum of 100,000 shares of common stock were authorized for issuance under the 2004 Plan. 

The
2004 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, restricted stock and other stock-based awards.
Our officers, employees, consultants and directors are eligible to receive awards under the 2004 Plan; however, incentive stock options
may only be granted to our employees. In accordance with the terms of the 2004 Plan, our Board administers the 2004 Plan and, subject
to any limitations in the 2004 Plan, selects the recipients of awards and determines: 

the
 number of shares of common stock covered by options and the dates upon which those options become exercisable; 

the
 exercise prices of options; 

the
 duration of options; 

the
 methods of payment of the exercise price; and 

the
 number of shares of common stock subject to any restricted stock or other stock-based awards and the terms and conditions of those
 awards, including the conditions for repurchase, issue price and repurchase price. 

Pursuant
to the terms of the 2004 Plan, in the event of a change in control of our company, each outstanding option under the 2004 Plan will vest,
but the holders shall have the right, assuming the holder still maintains a continuous service relationship with us, immediately prior
to such dissolution or liquidation, to exercise the option to the extent exercisable on the date of such dissolution or liquidation. 

In
the event of a merger or other reorganization event, our Board shall have the discretion to provide for any or all of the following:
(a) the acceleration of vesting or the termination of our repurchase rights of any or all of the outstanding awards, (b) the assumption
or substitution of all options by the acquitting or succeeding entity or (c) the termination of all options that remain outstanding at
the time of the merger or other reorganization event. 

ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Review,
Approval or Ratification of Transactions with Related Persons 

Vystar s
Code of Business Conduct requires that all employees and directors avoid conflicts of interests that interfere with the performance of
their duties or are not in the best interests of Vystar. 

In
addition, pursuant to its written charter, the Audit Committee considers and approves or disapproves any related person transaction as
defined under Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC, after examining each such transaction for potential conflicts of interest
and other improprieties. The Audit Committee has not adopted any specific written procedures for conducting such reviews and considers
each transaction in light of the specific facts and circumstances presented. 

28 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

Per
Steven Rotman s Employment agreement dated July 22, 2019, as amended, he is to be paid 125,000 per year in cash, 10,417 per month
in shares based on a 20-day average price at a 50 discount to market, 5,000 per month in cash for expenses, as well as access to a
Company provided vehicle and health and life insurance. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Vystar and Rotmans expensed approximately
 417,000 related to this employment agreement. In addition, Vystar issued 1,330,066 shares of Series C Preferred Stock for the settlement
of debt totaling 3,552,321. A loss of 1,900,950 was recognized on the issuance and is included in other expenses for 2022. As of December
31, 2022, Vystar had a stock subscription payable balance of 619,084, or approximately 920,000 shares to be issued in the future and
 183,155 of reimbursable expenses payable and 116,403 of unpaid salary. 

The
Board of Directors authorized their board fees for 2021 be paid in common stock of Vystar. Included in stock subscription payable at
December 31, 2022 and 2021 is 100,000 shares valued at 291,000, of which 20,000 shares valued at 58,200 is included in Steven Rotman s
balance above. 

Steven
Rotman advanced Vystar 24,087 in 2022 for working capital purposes. The advances are due on demand as repayment terms have not yet been
finalized. 

Blue
Oar Consulting, Inc. Blue Oar is owned by Gregory Rotman, who is the son of the Company s CEO, Steven Rotman. Blue
Oar provides business consulting services to Vystar. In exchange for such services, Vystar has entered into a consulting agreement with
the related party entity. Per the consulting agreement, Blue Oar is to be paid 15,000 per month in cash for expenses, and 12,500 per
month to be paid in shares based on a 20-day average at a 50 discount to market. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Vystar expensed
approximately 459,000 related to the consulting agreement. In addition, Vystar issued 221,385 shares of Series C Preferred Stock for
the settlement of debt and payables totaling 702,161. A loss of 313,340 was recognized on the issuance and is included in other expenses
for 2022. As of December 31, 2022, Vystar had a stock subscription payable balance of 629,903, or approximately 1,049,000 shares. 

Gregory
Rotman advanced Vystar 242,454 in 2022 for working capital purposes. The advances are due on demand as repayment terms have not yet
been finalized. 

Blue
Oar advanced Rotmans 500,000 and paid expenses totaling 100,000 on their behalf in 2022. Rotmans formalized the advances and issued
a promissory note to Blue Oar. The note bears interest at an annual rate of six percent (6 and requires weekly payments of 12,500
until the note and interest is paid in full in 2023. Rotmans also granted Blue Oar a security interest in its inventory. As of December
31, 2022, the balance of the note payable including accrued interest is approximately 407,000. 

Director
Independence 

Under
Rule 5605(b)(1) of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules, independent directors must comprise a majority of a listed company s board of
directors within one year of listing. In addition, Nasdaq Marketplace Rules require that, subject to specified exceptions, each member
of a listed company s audit, compensation and nominating and governance committees be independent. While Vystar does not currently
qualify for listing on Nasdaq and will likely not qualify for some time after the date of this proxy statement, it does intend to seek
such listing as soon as possible and complies with its Marketplace Rules. Audit committee members must also satisfy the independence
criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Under Nasdaq Marketplace Rule 5605(a)(2), a director
will only qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion of that company s board of directors, that person
does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a
director. In order to be considered to be independent for purposes of Rule 10A-3, a member of an audit committee of a public company
may not, other than in his or her capacity as a member of the audit committee, the board of directors, or any other board committee:
(1) accept, directly or indirectly, any consulting, advisory, or other compensatory fee from the public company or any of its subsidiaries;
or (2) be an affiliated person of the listed company or any of its subsidiaries. 

29 

ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

During
fiscal year 2022 and 2021, we retained the firm of Macias Gini O Connell MGO to provide audit services. Below
is a table of fees incurred in the following categories and amounts: 

Fee
 Category 
 2022( 
 2021( 
 
 Audit Fees 
 190,000 
 190,000 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 190,000 
 190,000 

Audit
fees include the audit of Vystar s annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in each of our Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q, and services that are normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for
those fiscal years. 

Audit-related
fees consist of fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our
financial statements. 

Tax
fees consist of fees for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. This category includes fees primarily
related to the preparation and review of federal, state and assistance with tax audits. No tax fees were incurred for the current or
previous period. 

All
other fees include assurance services not related to the audit or review of our financial statements. No other fees were incurred for
the current or previous period. 

There
were no non-audit services provided by MGO for the current or previous period. 

AUDIT
COMMITTEE PRE-APPROVAL OF SERVICES PERFORMED BY OUR 

 INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 

It
is the policy of our Audit Committee to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services to be performed by MGO. Our Audit Committee
pre-approves services by authorizing specific projects within the categories outlined above, subject to a budget for each category. Our
Audit Committee s charter delegates to one or more members of the Audit Committee the authority to address any requests for pre-approval
of services between Audit Committee meetings, and the subcommittee or such member or members must report any pre-approval decisions to
our Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. 

All
services related to audit fees provided by MGO during fiscal year 2022 and 2021 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee in accordance
with the pre-approval policy described above. 

REPORT
OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE 

The
Audit Committee s role includes the oversight of our financial, accounting and reporting processes; our system of internal accounting
and financial controls; our enterprise risk management program; and our compliance with related legal, regulatory and ethical requirements.
The Audit Committee oversees the appointment, compensation, engagement, retention, termination and services of our independent registered
public accounting firm, including conducting a review of its independence; reviewing and approving the planned scope of our annual audit;
overseeing our independent registered public accounting firm s audit work; reviewing and pre-approving any audit and non-audit
services that may be performed by it; reviewing with management and our independent registered public accounting firm the adequacy of
our internal financial and disclosure controls; reviewing our critical accounting policies and the application of accounting principles;
and monitoring the rotation of partners of our independent registered public accounting firm on our audit engagement team as required
by regulation. The Audit Committee establishes procedures, as required under applicable regulation, for the receipt, retention and treatment
of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters and the submission by employees of
concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters. The Audit Committee s role also includes meeting to review our
annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and our independent registered public accounting
firm. The Audit Committee held one meeting during fiscal year 2022. 

30 

The
member of the Audit Committee met the independence criteria prescribed by applicable regulation and the rules of the SEC for audit committee
membership and are independent director within the meaning of NASDAQ listing standards. The Audit Committee member meets
NASDAQ s financial literacy requirements, and the Board further determined that the member is an audit committee financial
expert as such term is defined in Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC also meets NASDAQ s financial
sophistication requirements. The Audit Committee acts pursuant to a written charter, which complies with the applicable provisions of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related rules of the SEC and NASDAQ, a copy of which can be found on our website at www.vystarcorp.com . 

I
have reviewed and discussed with management and MGO Vystar s audited financial statements. I discussed with MGO and Vystar s
Chief Financial Officer the overall scope and plans of MGO s audit. I met with MGO, with and without management present, to discuss
results of its examinations, its evaluation of Vystar s internal controls, and the overall quality of Vystar s financial
reporting. 

I
have reviewed and discussed with MGO matters required to be discussed pursuant to Statement on Auditing Standards No. 61, as amended
(AICPA, Professional Standards, Vol. 1. AU section 380), as adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board in Rule 3200T. I
have received from MGO the written disclosures and letter required by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board regarding MGO s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence. I have discussed with MGO matters relating
to its independence. 

Based
on the reviews and discussions referred to above and my review of Vystar s audited financial statements for fiscal year 2022, I
recommended to the Board that Vystar s audited financial statements be included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022, for filing with the SEC. 

Respectfully
submitted, 

AUDIT
COMMITTEE 

Bryan
Stone, M.D., Chair 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

1.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The
following financial statements and notes thereto of Vystar Corporation, and the related Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm are set forth in Item 8. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-5 

2.
FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

All
schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the SEC have been omitted because they are not applicable,
or the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

31 

3.
EXHIBITS 

Exhibit
Index 

Some Exhibits have certain confidential information redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment 

Number 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation of Vystar Acquisition Corporation (now named Vystar Corporation) dated December 17, 2003 (as amended) (incorporated
 by reference to Vystar s Registration Statement on Form S-1 originally filed on November 13, 2008, Registration Statement No.
 333-155344) 

3.2 
 
 Articles
 of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Vystar Corporation (incorporated by reference to Vystar Corporation s Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 filed on April 14, 2016.) 

3.3 
 
 Bylaws
 of Vystar Corporation (incorporated by reference to Vystar s Registration Statement on Form S-1 originally filed on November
 13, 2008, Registration Statement No. 333-155344) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Certificate evidencing shares of Vystar common stock (incorporated by reference to Vystar s Registration Statement on Form
 S-1 originally filed on November 13, 2008, Registration Statement No. 333-155344) 

4.2 
 
 Form
 of Share Subscription Agreements and Investment Letter (First Private Placement) (incorporated by reference to Vystar s Registration
 Statement on Form S-1 originally filed on November 13, 2008, Registration Statement No. 333-155344) 

4.3 
 
 Form
 of Share Subscription Agreement and Investment Letter (Second Private Placement) (incorporated by reference to Vystar s Registration
 Statement on Form S-1 originally filed on November 13, 2008, Registration Statement No. 333-155344) 

4.4 
 
 Form
 of Vystar Corporation Investor Questionnaire and Subscription Agreement (Third Private Placement) (incorporated by reference to Vystar s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 originally filed on November 13, 2008, Registration Statement No. 333-155344) 

4.5 
 
 Warrant
 to Purchase Shares of Common Stock of Vystar Corporation dated March 11, 2011 issued to Topping Lift Capital LLC (incorporated by
 reference to Vystar s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 11, 2011 and filed on March 15, 2011) 

4.6 
 
 Form
 of Warrant issued to Investor note holders (incorporated by reference to Vystar s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 11,
 2011 and filed on March 15, 2011) 

4.7 
 
 Form
 of Series A-1 Warrant (incorporated by reference to Vystar s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 11, 2012) 

10.1 
 
 Manufacturing
 Agreement between Vystar Corporation and Revertex (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. effective April 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Vystar s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 originally filed on November 13, 2008, Registration Statement No. 333-155344) 

10.2 
 
 Executive
 Employment Agreement between Vystar Corporation and William R. Doyle, dated November 11, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Vystar s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 originally filed on November 13, 2008, Registration Statement No. 333-155344) 

10.3 
 
 Management
 Agreement dated January 31, 2008 between Universal Capital Management, Inc. and Vystar Corporation (incorporated by reference to
 Vystar s Registration Statement on Form S-1 originally filed on November 13, 2008, Registration Statement No. 333-155344) 

32 

10.4 
 
 Letter
 Agreement dated August 15, 2008 between Universal Capital Management, Inc. and Vystar Corporation (incorporated by reference to Vystar s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 originally filed on November 13, 2008, Registration Statement No. 333-155344) 

10.5 
 
 Addendum
 to Management Agreement dated February 29, 2008 between Universal Capital Management, Inc. and Vystar Corporation (incorporated by
 reference to Vystar s Registration Statement on Form S-1 originally filed on November 13, 2008, Registration Statement No.
 333-155344) 

10.6 
 
 Warrant
 Purchase Agreement dated January 31, 2008 between Universal Capital Management, Inc. and Vystar Corporation (incorporated by reference
 to Vystar s Registration Statement on Form S-1 originally filed on November 13, 2008, Registration Statement No. 333-155344) 

10.7 
 
 Management
 Agreement dated April 30, 2008 between Universal Capital Management, Inc. and Vystar Corporation (incorporated by reference to Vystar s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 originally filed on November 13, 2008, Registration Statement No. 333-155344) 

10.8 
 
 Warrant
 Purchase Agreement dated April 30, 2008 between Universal Capital Management, Inc. and Vystar Corporation (incorporated by reference
 to Vystar s Registration Statement on Form S-1 originally filed on November 13, 2008, Registration Statement No. 333-155344) 

10.9 
 
 Vystar
 Corporation 2004 Long-Term Compensation Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Vystar s Registration Statement on Form
 S-1 originally filed on November 13, 2008, Registration Statement No. 333-155344) 

10.10 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between Vystar Corporation and Sandra Parker dated April 1, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Vystar s Registration
 Statement on Form S-1 originally filed on November 13, 2008, Registration Statement No. 333-155344) 

10.10 
 
 Distributor
 Agreement among Vystar Corporation, Centrotrade Minerals Metals, Inc. and Centrotrade Deutschland, GmbH dated January 6, 2009
 (incorporated by reference to Vystar s Registration Statement on Form S-1 originally filed on November 13, 2008, Registration
 Statement No. 333-155344) 

10.11 
 
 Note
 agreement between Vystar Corporation and Climax Global Energy, Inc. dated August 15, 2008 (incorporated by reference to Vystar s
 Registration Statement on Form S-1 originally filed on November 13, 2008, Registration Statement No. 333-155344) 

10.12 
 
 Form
 of Investor Note (incorporated by reference to Vystar s Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 11, 2011 and filed on March
 15, 2011) 

10.13 
 
 Promissory
 Grid Note dated April 29, 2011, in a principal amount of 800,000 from Vystar Corporation to CMA Investments, LLC (incorporated by
 reference to Vystar s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 29, 2011 and filed on May 2, 2011) 

10.14 
 
 First
 Amendment to Agreement dated September 9, 2011, between Vystar Corporation, CMA Investments, LLC and Italia-Eire, LP, a Georgia limited
 partnership (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.14 to Vystar Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
 December 31, 2011 filed on March 30, 2012) 

10.15 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement dated May 2012 between Vystar and investors (incorporated by reference to Vystar s Quarterly
 Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 10, 2012) 

10.16 
 
 LLC
 Ownership Interest Purchase Agreement dated September 13, 2012, between Vystar and Mary Ailene Miller (incorporated by reference
 to Vystar s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2012) 

33 

10.17 
 
 Second
 Amendment to Agreement dated November 2, 2012, among Vystar, CMA Investments, LLC and Italia Eire LP (incorporated by reference
 to Vystar s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 11, 2012) 

10.18 
 
 LLC
 Ownership Interest Purchase Agreement dated June 28, 2013, between the Company and Michal Soo, M.D. (incorporated by reference to
 the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2013) 

10.19 
 
 Note
 Subscription Agreement dated June 28, 2013 between the Company and the Investors (incorporated by reference to the Company s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2013) 

10.20 
 
 Form
 of Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Note dated June 30, 2013 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2013) 

10.21 
 
 Form
 of Security Agreement dated July 1, 2013 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July
 2, 2013) 

31 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Some
 Exhibits have certain confidential information redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 

Exhibits
 and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish copies of
 the omitted exhibits and schedules to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request. Confidential treatment has been requested
 as to a portion of this exhibit, which portion has been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Filed
 herewith. 

ITEM
 16. 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

34 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

VYSTAR
 CORPORATION 

Date:
 October 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Steven Rotman 

Steven
 Rotman 

Chairman,
 President, Chief Executive Officer (Principal 
 Executive
 Officer), Chief Financial Officer (Principal 
 Financial
 and Accounting Officer) and Director 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities indicated, on October 10, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/
 Steven Rotman 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Steven
 Rotman 

/s/
 Joseph Allegra 
 
 Chairman
 of the Board of Directors 
 
 Joseph
 Allegra, PhD 

/s/
 Bryan Stone 
 
 Director 
 
 Bryan
 Stone, MD 

/s/
 Byron Novosad 
 
 Director 
 
 Byron
 Novosad, DDS 

35 

<EX-31>
 2
 ex-31.htm

EXHIBIT 31 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Steven Rotman, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Vystar Corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this
 report; 

4. 
 I
 am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company
 and I have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision to
 ensure that material information relating to the Company is made known to me by others within the Company, particularly during the
 period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 I
 have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors
 and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal
 control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 October 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Steven Rotman 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer, and 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex-32.htm

EXHIBIT 32 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Vystar Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Steven Rotman, President,
Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge: 

(1) 
 The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

/s/
 Steven Rotman 

Steven
 Rotman 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer 

October 10, 2023 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Vystar Corporation and will be retained by Vystar
Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The
foregoing certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and is not being filed
for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing
of Vystar Corporation, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 vyst-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 vyst-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 vyst-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 vyst-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

