<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20231124_10-K_edgar_data_1014052_0001213900-23-089905.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10758671</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>335957</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2802464</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2294663</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2513302</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2568057</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-089905.hdr.sgml : 20231124
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20231124161542
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-089905
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230731
FILED AS OF DATE:		20231124
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20231124

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Digerati Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001014052
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				742849995
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0731

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15687
		FILM NUMBER:		231436871

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8023 VANTAGE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 660
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78230
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(210) 614-7240

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8023 VANTAGE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 660
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78230

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ATSI COMMUNICATIONS INC/DE
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010925

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN TELESOURCE INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960511

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-089905.txt : 20231124

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_digeratitech.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(mark one) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended
 , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from _______to _________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer 
Identification No.) , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s Telephone
Number, Including Area Code: 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Securities registered under
Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

(Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether
any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes
 No 

The aggregate market
value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the issuer was based
on the closing price of 0.0882 per share on January 31, 2023, as reported by the OTCQB. 

There were shares of issuer s Common Stock outstanding
as of November 20, 2023. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 8 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 8 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 8 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosure 
 8 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity; Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 9 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 10 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 10 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 19 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 20 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 20 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 21 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 22 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 23 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 25 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 31 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 33 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 33 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 34 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 37 

SIGNATURES 
 38 

i 

PART I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

Overview 

Digerati Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation
(including our subsidiaries, we, us, Company or Digerati ), through its operating
subsidiaries, (i) Verve Cloud, Inc. (formerly known as T3 communications, Inc.), a Nevada corporation Verve Cloud Nevada ),
(ii) Verve Cloud, Inc. (formerly known as Shift8 Networks, Inc.), a Texas corporation Verve Cloud Texas ), (iii) T3 Communications,
Inc., a Florida corporation T3 Communications ), (iv) Nexogy, Inc., a Florida corporation Nexogy and (v)
NextLevel Internet, Inc., a California corporation Next Level and, together with Verve Cloud Nevada, Verve Cloud Texas,
T3 Communications and Nexogy, the Operating Subsidiaries )., which, as of June 1, 2023, operate as a single business unit
under the Verve Cloud name and have locations in Texas, Florida and California, provides cloud services specializing in Unified Communications
as a Service UCaaS and broadband connectivity solutions for the business market. Our product line includes a portfolio
of Internet-based telephony products and services delivered through our cloud application platform and session-based communication network
and network services including Internet broadband, fiber, mobile broadband, and cloud Wide Area Network WAN or Software-defined
Wide Area Network SD WAN solutions. Digerati Technologies, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada in 1994. 

We provide enterprise-class, carrier-grade services
to the small-to-medium-sized business SMB at cost-effective monthly rates. Our UCaaS or cloud communication services include
fully hosted Internet Protocol IP )/private branch exchange PBX ), video conferencing, mobile applications,
Voice over Internet Protocol VoIP transport, Session Initiation Protocol SIP trunking, and customized
VoIP services all delivered Only in the Cloud . Our broadband connectivity solutions for the delivery of digital oxygen
are designed for reliability, business continuity and to optimize bandwidth for businesses using the Company s cloud communication
services and other cloud-based applications. 

As a provider of cloud communications solutions to
the SMB, we are seeking to capitalize on the migration by businesses from the legacy telephone network to the IP telecommunication network
and the migration from hardware-based on-premise telephone systems to software-based communication systems in the cloud. Most SMBs are
lagging in technical capabilities and advancement and seldom reach the economies of scale that their larger counterparts enjoy, due to
their achievement of a critical mass and ability to deploy a single solution to a large number of workers. SMBs are typically unable to
afford comprehensive enterprise solutions and, therefore, need to integrate a combination of business solutions to meet their needs. Cloud
computing has revolutionized the industry and opened the door for businesses of all sizes to gain access to enterprise applications with
affordable pricing. This especially holds true for cloud telephony applications, but SMBs are still a higher-touch sale that requires
customer support for system integration, network installation, cabling, and troubleshooting. We have placed a significant emphasis on
that local touch when selling, delivering, and supporting our services which we believe will differentiate us from the national
providers that are experiencing high attrition rates due to poor customer support. 

The adoption of cloud communication services is being
driven by the convergence of several market trends, including the increasing costs of maintaining installed legacy communications systems,
the fragmentation resulting from use of multiple on-premise systems, and the proliferation of personal smartphones used in the workplace.
Today, businesses are increasingly looking for an affordable path to modernizing their communications system to improve productivity,
business performance and customer experience. Modernization has also led to businesses adopting other cloud-based business applications,
including customer relationship management CRM ), payroll, and accounting software, placing an even more important emphasis
on reliable Internet connectivity. 

Our cloud solutions offer the SMB reliable, robust, and full-featured services
at affordable monthly rates that eliminates high-cost capital expenditures and provides for integration with other cloud-based systems.
By providing a variety of comprehensive and scalable solutions, we can cater to businesses of different sizes on a monthly subscription
basis, regardless of the stage of development for the business. 

1 

Recent Developments 

Acquisitions 

On February 4, 2022, the Company closed on the acquisition
of Next Level Internet, Inc. NextLevel ). NextLevel, based in San Diego, California, is engaged in the business of providing
cloud communications, UCaaS, collaboration, contact center, managed broadband connectivity and other voice and data services to the SMB
market. The acquisition of NextLevel expands the Company s growing nationwide footprint and adds a strong West Coast presence with
nearly 1,000 SMB clients in California. 

On December 31, 2021, the Company closed on the acquisition
of substantially all of the assets of Skynet Telecom LLC Skynet ), a Texas-based provider of VoIP communication services,
UCaaS, and broadband connectivity services to the SMB market. Pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired the customer
base, certain equipment, certain intellectual property, inventory, contract rights, software and other licenses, and miscellaneous assets
used in connection with the operation of Skynet s telecommunications business. 

Termination of Minority Equality Opportunities
Acquisition Inc., MEOA Business Combination 

On August 30, 2022, Digerati
entered into a Business Combination Agreement (as amended, supplemented and otherwise modified from time to time, the Business
Combination Agreement ), by and among Digerati, MEOA, a Delaware corporation, and Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a
wholly owned subsidiary of MEOA Merger Sub ). 

The Business Combination
Agreement provided, among other things, that Merger Sub was to merge with and into Digerati, with Digerati as the surviving company in
the merger and, after giving effect to such merger, Digerati being a wholly-owned subsidiary of MEOA (the Merger ). In addition,
MEOA was to be renamed Verve Technologies Corporation. In accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Business Combination
Agreement, at the closing, among other things, each share of Digerati common stock outstanding as of immediately prior to the closing
was to be exchanged for shares of MEOA common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, based upon the exchange ratio set forth in the Business
Combination Agreement. 

On June 15, 2023, Digerati
terminated the Business Combination Agreement pursuant to Section 7.1(d) of the Business Combination Agreement because the transaction
did not close on or prior to the June 15, 2023 termination date. On May 24, 2023, The Nasdaq Stock Market halted the trading MEOA securities.
Following this halt, the parties to the Business Combination Agreement did not obtain, prior to June 15, 2023, Nasdaq s approval
of the initial listing application for the combined company in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Business Combination
Agreement. 

As of July 31, 2023, neither
party has sought a termination fee pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement. 

Products and Services 

We provide a comprehensive suite of cloud services
specializing in UCaaS solutions for the business market. Our product line includes a portfolio of Internet-based telephony products and
services delivered through our cloud application platform and session-based communication network and network services including Internet
broadband, fiber, mobile broadband, and cloud WAN or SD-WAN solutions. We provide enterprise-class, carrier-grade services to the SMB
at cost-effective monthly rates. Our UCaaS or cloud communication services include fully hosted IP/PBX, video conferencing, mobile applications,
VoIP transport, SIP trunking, and customized VoIP services all delivered Only in the Cloud . Our broadband connectivity
solutions for the delivery of digital oxygen are designed for reliability, business continuity and to optimize bandwidth for businesses
using the Company s cloud communication services and other cloud-based applications. 

2 

Voice over Internet Protocol Networks 

The basic technology of traditional telecommunications
systems was designed for slow mechanical switches. Communications over the traditional telephone network are routed through circuits
that must dedicate all circuit resources to each call from its inception until the call ends, regardless of whether anyone is actually
talking on the circuit. This circuit-switching technology incurs a significant cost per call and does not efficiently support the integration
of voice with data services. Data networks, however, were designed for electronic switching. They break the data stream into small, individually
addressed packages of data packets that are routed independently of each other from the origin to the destination. Therefore,
data networks do not require a fixed amount of bandwidth to be reserved between the origin and destination of each call and they do not waste
bandwidth when it is not being used for actual transmission of information. This allows multiple voice or voice and data calls to be
pooled, resulting in these networks being able to carry more calls with an equal amount of bandwidth. Moreover, they do not require the
same complex switching methods required by traditional voice telephone networks, instead using a multiplicity of routers to direct each
packet to its destination and automatically routing packets around blockages, congestion, or outages. 

Packet switching can be used within a data network or across networks,
including the public Internet. The Internet itself is not a single data network owned by any single entity, but rather a loose interconnection
of networks belonging to many owners that communicate using the IP. By converting voice signals to digital data and handling the voice
signals as data, it can be transmitted through the more efficient switching networks designed for data transmissions and through the Internet
using the IP. The transmission of voice signals as digitalized data streams over the Internet is known as VoIP. A VoIP network has the
following advantages over traditional networks: 

Simplification: An integrated infrastructure that
supports all forms of communication allows more standardization, a smaller equipment complement, and less equipment management. 

Network Efficiency: The integration of voice and data
fills up the data communication channels efficiently, thus providing bandwidth consolidation and reduction of the costs associated with
idle bandwidth. This combined infrastructure can support dynamic bandwidth optimization and a fault tolerant design. The differences
between the traffic patterns of voice and data offer further opportunities for significant efficiency improvements. 

Co-existence with traditional communication mediums: IP telephony can be used in conjunction with existing public telephone system switches, leased and dial-up lines, PBXs and other customer premise equipment, enterprise local area networks LANs ), and Internet connections. IP telephony applications can be implemented through dedicated gateways, which in turn can be based on open standards platforms for reliability and scalability. 

Cost reduction: Under the VoIP network, the connection
is directly to the Internet backbone and as a result the telephony access charges, and settlement fees are avoided. 

The growth of voice over the Internet was limited
in the past due to poor sound quality caused by technical issues such as delays in packet transmission and by bandwidth limitations related
to Internet network capacity and local access constraints. However, the expansion of IP network infrastructure, improvements
in packet switching and compression technology, new software algorithms and improved hardware have substantially reduced delays in packet
transmissions and resulted in superior sound quality to that of the legacy telephone network. The continued improvement and expansion
of the Internet Protocol network has resulted in the use of this technology for other communication media, including video conferencing
and instant messaging. 

Cloud Communications 

Cloud communications are
Internet-based voice and data communications where telecommunications applications, switching and storage are hosted by a third-party
service provider outside of the organization using the services. Services are accessed by the user over the public Internet. Cloud
telephony refers specifically to voice services and more specifically the replacement of conventional business telephone equipment
(such as a PBX) with VoIP service hosted by a third-party service provider and delivered over the Internet. 

We operate a cloud communication
network that consists of a VoIP switching system and cloud telephony application platform. Our network allows us to provide end-to-end
cloud telephony solutions designed to provide significant benefits to businesses of all sizes, with single or multiple locations. The
integration of our cloud communication platform and global VoIP network allows us to provide our customers with virtually any type of
telephony solution, including video conferencing, on a global basis. 

3 

Our
cloud communication solutions, also known as UCaaS, are designed to minimize upfront capital costs, increase the scalability and flexibility
of the customer s communications network and service environment, provide robust features and functionality to increase productivity
and reduce the overall cost of communications. 

Broadband
Connectivity 

Broadband connectivity or Internet access is the ability of individuals
and organizations to connect to the Internet using computer terminals, computers, and other devices and to access services or applications
hosted on the Internet or in the cloud. Internet service providers ISPs deliver connectivity at a wide range of data transfer
rates using various networking technologies. 

We operate as an ISP in California and Florida through a broadband network
engineered and built to deliver broadband solutions to our customers in the regional markets served by the Company. The Company s
broadband network utilizes various network technologies, including fiber and wireless technology. Our IP layer of the ISP network incorporates
SD WAN technology for optimization of bandwidth and business continuity. The Company also deploys mobile broadband solutions to serve
as a diverse network back-up for Internet connectivity. 

Strategy 

Our strategy is to target the small to medium-sized
business market and capitalize on the wave of migration from the legacy telephone network to cloud telephony. We will continue to concentrate
our sales and marketing efforts on developing vertically oriented solutions for targeted markets primarily focusing on municipalities,
banking, healthcare, legal services, and real estate. In addition, we will continue to partner with our distributors and Value-Added
Resellers VARs to expand our customer base. Our typical VAR, also referred to as a Partner, is an information technology
services firm, traditional PBX vendor, managed service provider, or systems integrator that has established relationships with businesses
in its local market. These VARs are currently providing local customer support for other IT or PBX services but lack the technology infrastructure
to provide cloud communication and VoIP services to their customers. Our strategy allows these VARs to focus on their strength of providing
first tier support to their customers while we provide the second and third tier technical support required to operate a cloud communication
and VoIP network. In addition, we transform our VARs business model by introducing new cloud telephony services and adding a new
and lucrative recurring revenue stream that increases the VARs value proposition for its current and prospective customers. 

Our cloud-based technology platform enables us and our VARs to deliver
enhanced voice services to their business customers. The features supported on our cloud communication platform include all standard telephone
features and value-added applications such as voicemail to email, VoIP peering, teleconferencing, interactive voice response IVR auto attendant, and dial-by-name directory. Our system provides our customers and VARs with a migration path from a traditional PBX system
to a complete cloud-based PBX solution. 

Our strategic initiatives to successfully meet
our long-term business objectives include: 

A
 continued emphasis on our UCaaS/cloud communication business, which operates in a segment
 of the telecommunications industry that continues to experience solid growth as businesses
 migrate from legacy phone systems to cloud-based telephony systems and implement hybrid stay
 at home teleworking environments. 

Enhancements
 to our UCaaS solutions to include collaboration tools and integration with third-party systems
 that improves our business customers internal communication and engagement with underlying
 customers. 

Continued
 enhancements to our broadband product portfolio and the delivery of digital oxygen 
 to our business customers. 

A
 disciplined approach to evaluating additional accretive acquisitions as we continue to target
 local and/or regional UCaaS/cloud telephony providers, which have excelled in their market
 with that local touch when serving their business customers. The Company will
 assimilate best practices from its acquisitions to optimize productivity and performance
 throughout the organization. 

A
 continued focus on the U.S. market of SMBs, of which a significant portion has not yet migrated
 to a UCaaS or cloud communication solution. 

4 

A
 continued emphasis on the Company s channel strategy that enables its agents and Partners
 to offer cloud and session-based communication services to the business market, primarily
 the SMB. 

Continued
 enhancement of our infrastructure and back-office systems to streamline operations and automate
 processes for efficiency, all which support both its organic and acquisition growth model. 

Implementing
 a total support model (pre and post sales) for building a world-class service delivery and
 help desk organization. 

Competitive Conditions 

The cloud services industry, including the provisioning
of cloud communications services, cloud connectivity, cloud storage and cloud computing, as well as carrier voice and data services,
is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and subject to constant technological change and intense marketing by providers with similar
products and services. We expect that new, smaller, but very agile competitors, specializing in providing service to regional and emerging
markets at low margin and hence low cost, may have an impact on our market. Similarly, the business services market includes competitors
who may be significantly larger and have substantially greater market presence, financial, technical, operational and marketing resources
than we do, including Tier 1 carriers, cable companies and premise-based solutions providers that are implementing cloud communication
services. In the event that such a competitor expends significant sales and marketing resources in one or several markets where we compete
with them, we may not be able to compete successfully in those markets. Specialized cloud services providers, who focus on one or more
cloud service or application, could adopt aggressive pricing and promotion practices that could impact our ability to compete. We also
believe that competition will continue to increase, placing downward pressure on prices. Such pressure could adversely affect our gross
margins if we are not able to reduce our costs commensurate with the price reductions of our competitors. In addition, the pace of technological
change makes it impossible for us to predict whether we will face new competitors using different technologies to provide the same or
similar services offered or proposed to be offered by us. If our competitors were to provide better and more cost-effective services
than ours, we may not be able to increase our revenues or capture any significant market share. 

The VoIP and Internet telephony market are highly
competitive. Our competitors include major telecommunications carriers in the U.S., national UCaaS providers, and numerous small cloud
telephony operators. We expect to face continuing competition based on price and service offerings from existing competitors and new
market entrants in the future. The principal competitive factors in our market include price, coverage, customer service, technical response
times, reliability, and network size/capacity. The competitive landscape is rapidly altering the number, identity, and competitiveness
of the marketplace, and we are unable to determine with certainty the impact of potential consolidation in our industry. 

Many of our competitors have substantially greater
financial, technical, and marketing resources, larger customer bases, longer operating histories, greater name recognition and more established
relationships in the industry than we have. As a result, certain of these competitors may be able to adopt more aggressive pricing policies
that could hinder our ability to market our services. We believe that our key competitive advantages are our ability to deliver reliable,
high quality voice service over the Internet in a cost-effective manner, superior customers service and our VAR distribution model. We
cannot provide assurances, however, that these advantages will enable us to succeed against comparable service offerings from our competitors. 

Government Regulation 

As a provider of Internet voice communications services, we are subject
to regulation in the U.S. by the Federal Communications Commission FCC ). Some of these regulatory obligations include contributing
to the Federal Universal Service Fund, Telecommunications Relay Service Fund and federal programs related to number administration; providing
access to E-911 services; protecting customer information; and porting phone numbers upon a valid customer request, and complying with
rules to mitigate Robocalls under the Pallone-Thune Telephone Robocall Abuse Criminal Enforcement and Deterrence TRACED Act, FCC s Secure Telephone Identity Revisited (STIR )/Signature-based Handling of Asserted Information Using toKENs SHAKEN protocols, and any response to Traceback requests from the FCC s industry consortium- Industry Traceback Group. We are also required
to pay state and local 911 fees and contribute to state universal service funds in those states that assess Internet voice communications
services. We are a competitive local exchange carrier CLEC in Florida. We are subject to the same FCC regulations applicable
to telecommunications companies, as well as regulation by the public utility commission in these states. Specific regulations vary on
a state-by-state basis, but generally include the requirement to register or seek certification to provide telephone services, to file
and update tariffs setting forth the terms, conditions, and prices for our intrastate services and to comply with various reporting, record-keeping,
surcharge collection, and consumer protection requirements. 

5 

The effect of any future laws, regulations, and
orders on our operations, including, but not limited to, our cloud-based communications and collaboration services, cannot be determined.
But as a general matter, increased regulation and the imposition of additional funding obligations increases service costs that may or
may not be recoverable from our customers, which could result in making our services less competitive with traditional telecommunications
services if we increase our prices or decreasing our profit margins if we attempt to absorb such costs. 

Federal, state, local, and foreign governmental
organizations are considering other legislative and regulatory proposals that would regulate and/or tax applications running over the
Internet. We cannot predict whether new taxes will be imposed on our services, and depending on the type of taxes imposed, whether and
how our services would be affected thereafter. Increased regulation of the Internet may decrease its growth and hinder technological
development, which may negatively impact the cost of doing business via the Internet or otherwise materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

Regulation of Internet-based
Telecommunication Services in the United States 

We have the necessary authority under Section
214 of the Communications Act to operate as a domestic and international telecommunications carrier. We are considered a non-dominant
domestic interstate carrier subject to minimal regulation by the FCC. We are not required to obtain FCC authority to initiate or expand
our domestic interstate operations, but we are required to obtain FCC approval to transfer control or discontinue service and are required
to file various reports and pay various fees and assessments. In addition, we must offer service on a non-discriminatory basis at just
and reasonable rates and are subject to the FCC s complaint jurisdiction. Generally, our international voice traffic is subject
to minimal regulation by state and local jurisdictions. 

As a CLEC in Florida. We are subject to the same FCC regulations
applicable to telecommunications companies, as well as regulation by the public utility commission in Florida. As a CLEC, we are generally
required to register or seek certification to provide certain services, to file and update tariffs setting forth the terms, conditions
and prices for our intrastate services and to comply with various consumer protection, reporting, record-keeping, surcharge collection
requirements. 

The FCC requires Internet
voice communications service providers, such as our company, to provide E-911 service in all geographic areas covered by the traditional
wire-line E-911 network. Under the FCC s rules, Internet voice communications providers must transmit the caller s phone
number and registered location information to the appropriate public safety answering point, or PSAP, for the caller s registered
location. The FCC also requires interconnected VoIP service providers to make Universal Service Fund USF contributions.
We believe that our services are currently compliant with all applicable requirements of the FCC, and we have made and are making the
required contributions to the USF. However, should we at some time fail to meet certain requirements or fail to make required contributions,
we could be subject to revocation of our authority to operate or to fines or penalties. 

As a result of the FCC s
preemption of states ability to regulate certain aspects of VoIP service, and a trend in state legislatures to affirmatively deregulate
VoIP services for most purposes, our VoIP services are subject to relatively few state regulatory requirements, aside from collection
of state and local E911 fees and state Universal Service support obligations as well as some state communication service and sales taxes,
when applicable. We believe that our VoIP services are currently compliant with all applicable state requirements, and we have made and
are making the required contributions to E911, state USF, and other funds. The state regulatory framework for our VoIP services continues
to evolve, so we, in conjunction with our professional advisors, monitor the actions of the various state regulatory agencies and endeavor
to ensure that we are in compliance with applicable state law, including any new statutes or regulations that may be passed. However,
there can be no assurance that we will become aware of all applicable requirements on a timely basis, or that we will always be fully
compliant with applicable rules and regulations. Should we fail to be compliant with applicable state regulations, or to file required
reports with state regulatory agencies, we could be subject to fines and/or penalties. 

In addition to regulations
addressing Internet telephony and broadband services, other regulatory issues relating to the Internet generally could affect our ability
to provide our services. Congress has adopted legislation that regulates certain aspects of the Internet including online content, user
privacy, taxation, liability for third-party activities and jurisdiction. In addition, a number of initiatives pending in Congress and
state legislatures would prohibit or restrict advertising or sale of certain products and services on the Internet, which may have the
effect of raising the cost of doing business on the Internet generally. 

6 

International Regulation 

The regulatory treatment of Internet telephony
outside of the U.S. varies widely from country to country. A number of countries that currently prohibit competition in the provision
of voice telephony also prohibit Internet telephony. Other countries permit but regulate Internet telephony. Some countries will evaluate
proposed Internet telephony service on a case-by-case basis and determine whether it should be regulated as a voice service or as another
telecommunications service. In many countries, Internet telephony has not yet been addressed by legislation or regulation. Increased
regulation of the Internet and/or Internet telephony providers or the prohibition of Internet telephony in one or more countries could
adversely affect our business and future prospects if we decide to expand globally. 

Federal Robocall Mitigation Efforts and Regulations 

Beginning in March 2020, the FCC began to implement rules pursuant to the
TRACED Act to mitigate illegal and fraudulent robocalls to consumer subscribers. The rules apply to all IP Enabled Communication Services
operating in the U.S., including interconnected VoIP services like our services. The FCC also implemented a STIR/SHAKEN caller ID authentication
framework be integrated by all VoIP services which requires certain identification processes in their Internet Protocol networks no later
than June 30, 2022. We took action to implement STIR/SHAKEN in advance of the FCC s deadlines and are compliant with all applicable
STIR/SHAKEN requirements and TRACED Act requirements. We have also registered and coordinated with the FCC s delegated industry
consortium for tracking of robocalls through its Industry Traceback Group and stand ready should action be required. The FCC continues
to adopt rules related to illegal robocalls, and we continue to monitor the FCC efforts as they further develop in order to ensure continued
compliance with robocall mitigation rules. 

Customers and Suppliers 

We rely on various suppliers to provide services
in connection with our VoIP and UCaaS offerings. Our customers include businesses in various industries including Healthcare, Banking,
Financial Services, Legal, Real Estate, and Construction. We are not dependent upon any single supplier or customer. 

During the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022,
the Company did not derive revenues of 10 or more from any single customer. 

As of July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company did
not have outstanding accounts receivable of 10 or more from any single customer. 

Employees 

As of July 31, 2023, we had 78 full-time total employees. All of our employees
performed sales, operational, technical, and administrative functions. We believe our future success will depend to a large extent on
our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified employees. We consider our employee relations to be good. None
of these aforementioned employees belong to labor unions. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

7 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

As of August 1, 2022, we have relocated to a
new headquarter office in San Antonio, Texas and leased offices and facilities in a number of other locations. Below is a list of our
primary leased offices and other facilities as of July 31, 2023. 

Location 
 Annual Rent 
 Lease Expiration Date 
 Business Use 
 Approx. Sq. Ft. 

8023 Vantage Dr., Suite 660, San Antonio, Texas 78230 
 49,136 
 Sep-27 
 Executive offices 
 2,843 
 
 10967 Via Frontera, San Diego, CA 92127 
 369,229 
 Mar-26 
 Office space 
 18,541 
 
 1610 Royal Palm Avenue, Suite 300, Fort Myers, FL 33901 
 83,260 
 Dec-25 
 Office space and network facilities 
 6,800 
 
 2121 Ponce de Leon Blvd., Suite 200, Coral Gables FL 33134 
 106,553 
 Dec-27 
 Office space wireless internet network 
 4,623 
 
 7218 McNeil Dr., FL-1, Austin, TX 78729 
 21,000 
 Mar-24 
 Network facilities 
 25 
 
 9701 S. John Young Parkway, Orlando, FL 32819 
 25,440 
 May-26 
 Network facilities 
 540 
 
 8333 NW 53rd St, Doral, FL 33166 
 14,021 
 Jul-25 
 Wireless internet network 
 100 
 
 100 SE 2nd Street, Miami, FL 33131 
 36,466 
 Jan-24 
 Wireless internet network 
 100 
 
 9055 SW 73rd Ct, Miami, FL 33156 
 8,787 
 Dec-23 
 Wireless internet network 
 100 
 
 9517 Fontainebleau Blvd., Miami, FL 33172 
 11,907 
 Aug-24 
 Wireless internet network 
 100 

We believe that our leased facilities are suitable
and adequate for their intended use. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From time to time, the Company may become a defendant in litigation arising
out of the ordinary course of business. As of July 31, 2023, the Company is not party to any material pending legal proceedings. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

8 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market
for Common Equity 

Our
common stock is quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol DTGI . Price quotations on the OTCQB reflect inter-dealer prices, without
retail mark-up, markdown, or commission, and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Holders 

As
of October 10, 2023, there were approximately 357 record holders of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying a dividend in the foreseeable future. 

Sales
of Unregistered Securities 

During
the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company issued 6,014,407 shares of common stock in connection with new convertible promissory notes
sold to various Noteholders with conversion prices of 0.0956, 0.10, and 0.15 per share. At the time of issuances, the Company recognized
the relative fair market value of the shares of common stock of approximately 463,000 as debt discount, received net proceeds
of approximately 4,495,000 and it will be amortized to interest
expense during the term of the promissory notes. 

During
the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company issued 6,170,000 shares of common stock as consideration for the extension of maturity dates
for the convertible promissory notes with various Noteholders. The Company recognized the fair market value of the shares of common stock
of approximately 693,000 which was recognized as interest at the time of each extension. 

On
 April 30, 2023, the Company issued 1,370,551 shares of common stock in conjunction with incentive
 plan accomplishments to Mr. Art Smith, Mr. Antonio Estrada, and Mr. Craig Clement. 

On May 10 2023, the Company issued 1,180,000 shares
of common stock to one option holder for the exercise of 1,180,000 stock options, with an exercise price of 0.042 per share and secured
 49,560 in proceeds. 

On
September 28, 2022, December 1, 2022, January 30, 2023, and May 19, 2023, the Company issued 105,726, 320,192, 429,132, and 83,333 shares
of common stock, respectively, to four Series A Preferred Shareholders who converted 225,000 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shares
and 56,516 of accrued dividends. 

On
October 12, 2022, October 19, 2022 and November 17, 2022, the Company issued 96,774, 63,854, and 9,677 shares of common stock, respectively,
to nine warrant holders for the exercise of 170,305 warrants, with an exercise price of 0.13 per warrant and secured 22,139 in proceeds. 

On
November 7, 2022 and April 18, 2023, the Company issued 1,500,000
and 1,500,000 shares of common stock, respectively, in connection with the conversion of 150,000 of convertible promissory notes with
a conversion price of 0.05 per share to one Noteholder. 

The
sales and issuances of the securities described above were made pursuant to the exemptions from registration contained into Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Regulation D under the Securities Act. Each purchaser
represented that such purchaser s intention to acquire the shares for investment only and not with a view toward distribution.
We requested our stock transfer agent to affix appropriate legends to the stock certificate issued to each purchaser and the transfer
agent affixed the appropriate legends. Each purchaser was given adequate access to sufficient information about us to make an informed
investment decision. None of the securities were sold through an underwriter and accordingly, there were no underwriting discounts or
commissions involved. 

9 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking
statements describe management s beliefs and expectations about the future. We have identified forward-looking statements by using
words such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, may, expect, 
and intend, or words of similar import. Although we believe these expectations are reasonable, our operations involve a
number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may be materially different than our expectations. Factors that would cause or contribute
to such differences include, actions by significant customers or competitors, reliance on key customers and lack of new customer business,
continued acceptance of the Company s products in the marketplace, lack of new products, innovation, and technological changes,
competitive developments, general domestic and International economic conditions such as inflation and rising interest rates, the Company s
past due promissory notes (including receipt of default notices, lack of liquidity, our current going concern, the medical leave of absence
of Mr. Art Smith (our CEO), and the decreased availability of capital. The factors listed above are not exhaustive. Other sections of
this Form 10-K include additional factors that could materially and adversely impact the Company s business, financial condition
and results of operations. Moreover, the Company operates in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New factors
emerge from time to time and it is not possible for management to predict the impact of all these factors on the Company s business,
financial condition or results of operations or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to
differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should
not rely on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. Any or all of the forward-looking statements contained
in this Form 10-K and any other public statement made by the Company or its management may turn out to be incorrect. The Company
expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

The
following is a discussion of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023,
and 2022, and should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements, the Notes thereto, and the other financial information
included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For purposes of the following discussion, FY 2023 or 2023 refers to the year ended
July 31, 2023, and FY 2022 or 2022 refers to the year ended July 31, 2022. 

Recent
Activity 

Termination
of MEOA Business Combination 

On
August 30, 2022, Digerati entered into a Business Combination Agreement, by and among Digerati, MEOA, and Merger Sub. 

The
 Business Combination Agreement provided, among other things, that Merger Sub was to merge
 with and into Digerati, with Digerati as the surviving company in the merger and, after giving
 effect to such merger, Digerati being a wholly-owned subsidiary of MEOA. In addition, MEOA
 was to be renamed Verve Technologies Corporation. In accordance with the terms and subject
 to the conditions of the Business Combination Agreement, at the closing, among other things,
 each share of Digerati common stock outstanding as of immediately prior to the closing was
 to be exchanged for shares of MEOA common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, based upon
 the exchange ratio set forth in the Business Combination Agreement. 

 On
 June 15, 2023, Digerati terminated the Business Combination Agreement pursuant to Section
 7.1(d) of the Business Combination Agreement because the transaction did not close on or
 prior to the June 15, 2023 termination date. On May 24, 2023, The Nasdaq Stock Market halted
 the trading of MEOA securities. Following this halt, the parties to the Business Combination
 Agreement did not obtain, prior to June 15, 2023, Nasdaq s approval of the initial
 listing application for the combined company in connection with the transactions contemplated
 by the Business Combination Agreement. 

As
of July 31, 2023, neither party has sought a termination fee pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement. 

10 

Results
of Operations 

Cloud
Software and Service Revenue . Cloud software and service revenue increased by 7,469,000, or 31 , from the year ended July 31, 2022
as compared to the year ended July 31, 2023. The increase in revenue is primarily attributed to the increase in total customers between
periods due to the acquisitions of Skynet in December 2021 and of Next Level Internet in February 2022. Our total number of customers
increased from 4,023 for the year ended July 31, 2022 to 4,671 customers for the year ended July 31, 2023. As part of the acquisitions,
our primary emphasis is on integrating the secured customers base, consolidating products and services, retaining the monthly recuring
revenue, and providing exceptional customer support. 

C ost
of Services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization). The cost of services increased by 1,940,000, or 21 , from the year ended
July 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended July 31, 2023. Our total number of customers increased from 4,023 for the year ended July
31, 2022 to 4,671 customers for the year ended July 31, 2023. Our consolidated gross margin improved by 5,529,000, or 37 , from the
year ended July 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended July 31, 2023. We are not aware of any events that are reasonably likely to cause
a material change in the relationship between our costs and our revenues. 

Selling, General and Administrative (SG A)
Expenses (exclusive of legal and professional fees and stock compensation expense) . SG A expenses increased by 4,744,000, or
39 , from the year ended July 31, 2022 as compared to year ended July 31, 2023. The increase in SG A is attributed to the acquisition
of Skynet in December 2021 and the acquisition of Next Level Internet in February 2022; the Company absorbed all of the employees responsible
for service delivery for the customer base, technical support, sales, customer service, and administration. 

Stock Compensation expense. Stock compensation
expenses increased by 657,000, or 293 , from the year ended July 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended July 31, 2023. The increase to
stock-based compensation expense was primarily due to stock modifications (the exchange and extension of the expiration date) on 3,460,000
previously issued stock options to various employees until December 1, 2027. In addition, the Company issued 5,895,000 new stock options
to company executives and to the Chairman of the Board of the Directors which vested immediately and have an expiration date of December
1, 2027. 

Legal and professional fees . Legal and
professional fees increased by 497,000, or 16 , from the year ended July 31, 2022 to the year ended July 31, 2023, which include legal
and professional fees that relate to due diligence, audits for the acquisitions, purchase price allocation, legal fees paid in accordance
with the Credit Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2020 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit
Agreement ), among the Operating Subsidiaries, Post Road Special Opportunity Fund II LLP PRSOF ), as a lender, the
other lenders party thereto and Post Road Administrative LLC PR Administrative and, together with its affiliate PRSOF,
 Post Road ), as administrative agent for the lenders, to counsel for Post Road, and investor relations. 

Bad
debt. Bad debt increased by 17,000, or 17 , from the year ended July 31, 2022 to the year ended July 31, 2023. The increase is attributed
to the recognition of 115,000 in bad debt for accounts deemed uncollectible during the year ended July 31, 2023. During the year ended
July 31, 2022, the Company recognized 98,000 in bad debt. 

Depreciation
and amortization . Depreciation and amortization increased by 993,000, or 34 , from the year ended July 31, 2022 to the year ended
July 31, 2023. The increase is primarily attributed to the acquisitions and related amortization for intangible assets and the additional
depreciation related to the assets acquired from Skynet and NextLevel. In addition, the Company experienced an increase in amortization
for Right-of-Use assets. 

Operating loss. The Company reported an
operating loss of 5,055,000 for the year ended July 31, 2023 as compared to an operating loss of 3,676,000 for the year ended July 31,
2022. The increase in operating loss of 1,379,000, or 38 , between periods is primarily due to net increases in SG A (including
stock-based compensation) of 5,401,000, an increase in legal and professional fees of 497,000, increases in cost of services (exclusive
of depreciation and amortization) of 1,940,000, 17,000 for bad debt, and 993,000 for depreciation and amortization expense, partially
offset by the improvement in gross margin of 5,529,000. 

Gain
on derivative instruments. The gain on derivative instruments increased by 340,000, or 5 , from the year ended July 31, 2022 to
the year ended July 31, 2023. We are required to re-measure all derivative instruments at the end of each reporting period and adjust
those instruments to market. As a result of the re-measurement of all derivative instruments we recognized a gain or loss between periods. 

Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt . For the year ended July
31, 2023, the gain on extinguishment of debt was 55,000. For the year ended July 31, 2022, the loss on extinguishment of debt was 5,481,000.
On December 20, 2021, the Operating Subsidiaries and Post Road entered into an amendment to the Credit Agreement (the Amendment in connection with which Verve Cloud Nevada incurred additional indebtedness under the Credit Agreement in a principal amount of 3,500,000,
accrued interest of 187,442, and an amendment fee of 1,418,744 which were recapitalized under the revised A R Term Loan A. Pursuant
to the Amendment, 6,000,000 was applied to fund the acquisition of Skynet Telecom LLC s assets, professional fees and other fees
and expenses with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Amendment and for general corporate and working capital purposes of
the Operating Subsidiaries. The Company determined that the recapitalization of the debt under the Credit Agreement under the Amendment
constituted an extinguishment of debt and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of 5,480,000, which is comprises the
full amortization debt discount of 4,061,000 and amendment fees of 1,419,000. 

11 

Other
income (expense) . Other income (expense) increased by 439,000, or 1,688 , from the year ended July 31, 2022 to the year ended July
31, 2023. The increase in other income is mostly due to the recognition of a gain on a settlement of conversion premium of 466,000 from
a convertible note. 

Interest
expense . Interest expense increased by 5,338,000, or 89 , from the year ended July 31, 2022 to the year ended July 31, 2023.
During the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company recognized amortization of debt discount of 2,930,000 related to the adjustment to
the present value of various convertible notes, debt, and warrants. Additionally, the Company recognized 2,289,000 in interest cash
payments to Post Road and other lenders, accrual of approximately 2,465,000 for interest expense for various promissory notes
and 589,000 fair value of shares issued, as well 2,886,361 consisting of 2,108,724 interest to Post Road, and 777,637 added to
various other promissory notes, all charged to interest expense as consideration for extension of the maturity dates. 

Income
tax expense. During the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company recognized an income tax expense of 192,000. During the year ended
July 31, 2022 the Company recognized an income tax expense of 419,000. 

Net loss including noncontrolling interest.
 Net loss including noncontrolling interest for the year ended July 31, 2022 was 9,354,000 as compared to the net loss of 9,529,000
for the year ended July 31, 2023. The decrease in net loss including noncontrolling interest between periods is primarily due to a decrease
in total other expense of 1,204,000 partially offset by an increase in the operating loss of 1,379,000. 

Net loss attributable to Digerati s shareholders.
 Net loss for the year ended July 31, 2023 was 8,291,000 as compared to a net loss for the year ended July 31, 2022 of 8,013,000. 

Deemed
dividend on Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. Dividend accrued on convertible preferred stock for the year ended July 31, 2023
and 2022 was 8,000 and 19,000, respectively. 

Net loss attributable to Digerati s
common shareholders. Net loss for the year ended July 31, 2023 was 8,299,000 compared to a net loss for the year ended July 31,
2022 of 8,032,000. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures - Reconciliation
of Net Income (Loss) to Adjusted EBITDA OPCO and Adjusted EBITDA Income 

EBITDA from operations and income, as adjusted, are non-GAAP measures
and should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, net income (loss), cash flow and other measures of financial performance
reported in accordance with GAAP. In addition, this measure does not reflect cash available to fund requirements and excludes items, such
as corporate expenses, transactional legal expenses, stock option expense, and depreciation and amortization, which are significant components
in assessing the Company s financial performance. The Company believes that the presentation of EBITDA from operations and income,
as adjusted, provides useful information regarding the Company s operations and other factors that affect the Company s reported
results. Specifically, the Company believes that by excluding certain one-time or non-cash items such as transactional legal fees and
depreciation and amortization, as well as potential distortions between periods caused by factors such as financing and capital structures,
the Company provides users of its consolidated financial statements with insight into both its operations as well as the factors that
affect reported results between periods but which the Company believes are not representative of its operations. As a result, users of
the Company s consolidated financial statements are better able to evaluate changes in the financial consolidated results of the
Company across different periods. 

12 

The
following tables provide information regarding certain non-GAAP financial measures for Digerati for the years ended July 31, 2023 and
2022. Management utilizes these metrics to track and forecast revenue trends and expected results from operations: 

Consolidated Statement of Operations 

(In thousands) 

Year ended July 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 Variances 

OPERATING REVENUES: 

Cloud-based hosted services 
 31,623 
 24,154 
 7,469 
 31 

Total operating revenues 
 31,623 
 24,154 
 7,469 
 31 

Cost of services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 
 11,286 
 9,346 
 1,940 
 21 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expense 
 16,954 
 12,210 
 4,744 
 39 
 
 Stock compensation expense 
 881 
 224 
 657 
 293 
 
 Legal and professional fees 
 3,533 
 3,036 
 497 
 16 
 
 Bad debt 
 115 
 98 
 17 
 17 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 3,909 
 2,916 
 993 
 34 

Total operating expenses 
 36,678 
 27,830 
 8,848 
 32 

OPERATING LOSS 
 (5,055 
 (3,676 
 (1,379 
 38 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): 

Gain (loss) on derivative instruments 
 6,526 
 6,186 
 340 
 5 
 
 Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt 
 55 
 (5,481 
 5,536 
 -101 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 465 
 26 
 439 
 1688 
 
 Interest expense 
 (11,328 
 (5,990 
 (5,338 
 89 
 
 Income tax expense 
 (192 
 (419 
 227 
 -54 
 
 Total other income (expense) 
 (4,474 
 (5,678 
 1,204 
 -21 
 
 NET INCOME (LOSS) INCLUDING NONCONTROLLING INTEREST 
 (9,529 
 (9,354 
 (175 
 2 

Less: Net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interests 
 1,238 
 1,341 
 (103 
 -8 

NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO DIGERATI S SHAREHOLDERS 
 (8,291 
 (8,013 
 (278 
 3 

Deemed dividend on Series A Convertible preferred stock 
 (8 
 (19 
 11 
 -58 

NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO DIGERATI S COMMON SHAREHOLDERS 
 (8,299 
 (8,032 
 (267 
 3 

13 

Reconciliation
of Net Income (Loss) to Adjusted EBITDA - OPCO, Net of Non-Cash Expenses Transactional 

(In
thousands) 

Year ended July 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 Variances 

NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO DIGERATI S SHAREHOLDERS, as reported 
 (8,291 
 (8,013 
 (278 
 3 

EXCLUDING NON-CASH ITEMS TRANSACTIONAL COSTS CORP EXP 

ADJUSTMENTS: 

Stock compensation warrant expense 
 881 
 224 
 657 
 293 
 
 Corp Expenses (Net of stock compensation, Legal fees Transactional cost) 
 1,529 
 1,385 
 144 
 10 
 
 Legal, professional fees transactional costs 
 3,510 
 2,703 
 807 
 30 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 3,909 
 2,916 
 993 
 34 
 
 OTHER ADJUSTMENTS 

Gain (loss) on derivative instruments 
 (6,526 
 (6,186 
 (340 
 5 
 
 Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt 
 (55 
 5,481 
 (5,536 
 -101 
 
 Other income (expense) 
 (465 
 (26 
 (439 
 1688 
 
 Interest expense 
 11,328 
 5,990 
 5,338 
 89 
 
 Income tax expense 
 192 
 419 
 (227 
 -54 
 
 Less: Net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interests 
 (1,238 
 (1,341 
 103 
 -8 
 
 ADJUSTED EBITDA OPCO 
 4,774 
 3,552 
 1,222 
 34 
 
 ADD-BACKS Expenses 

Corp Expenses (Net of stock compensation, Legal fees Transactional cost) 
 1,529 
 1,385 
 144 
 10 
 
 ADJUSTED EBITDA INCOME 
 3,245 
 2,167 
 1,078 
 50 

Year
 ended July 31, 

Other
 Key Metrics 
 
 2023 

2022 

Variances 

Total Customers 

4,671 

4,023 

648 

16 

14 

Cloud
software and service revenue increased by 7,469,000, or 31 , from the year ended July 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended July 31,
2023. In addition, our gross margin increased by 5,529,000, or 37 , during Fiscal Year 2023. The increase in revenue and gross margin
for the entirety of fiscal year 2023 versus only part of fiscal year 2022 is primarily attributed to the increase in total customers
between years due to the acquisitions of Skynet in December 2021 and NextLevel in February 2022. 

EBITDA from operations, as adjusted, increased
by 1,222,000, or 34 , from the year ended July 31, 2022 to the year ended July 31, 2023. The primary reason for the improvement in EBITDA
from operations is due to the increase in gross margin of 5,529,000 during Fiscal Year 2023. The improvement in gross margin was offset
by the increase in total operational expenses between the years ended July 31, 2022 and 2023. (See table above for the adjustments to
Net Income (Loss) attributable to Digerati shareholders.) EBITDA from operations, as adjusted, is not intended to represent
cash flows for the periods presented, nor have they been presented as an alternative to operating income or as an indicator of operating
performance and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). 

EBITDA from income, as adjusted, increased by
 1,078,000, or 50 , from the year ended July 31, 2022 to the year ended July 31, 2023. The primary reason for the improvement in EBITDA
from operations is due to the increase in gross margin of 5,529,000 during Fiscal Year 2023. EBITDA from income, as adjusted, is not
intended to represent cash flows for the periods presented, nor have they been presented as an alternative to operating income or as an
indicator of operating performance and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). 

Our
total customers increased from 4,023 during the year ended July 31, 2022 to 4,671 for the year ended July 31, 2023. Going forward, absent
future acquisitions, we expect a net increase in our number of customers of 1 to 5 each fiscal year. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Cash Position: We had a consolidated cash
balance of approximately 924,000 as of July 31, 2023. Net cash used in operating activities during the year ended July 31, 2023 was approximately
 3,222,000. The increase in net cash used in operating activities resulted primarily from the net loss incurred during the year ended
July 31, 2023 as a result of operating expenses, that included 881,000 in stock compensation and warrant expense, bad debt expense of
 115,000, amortization of right-of-use assets of 696,000, amortization of debt discount of 2,930,000, depreciation and amortization
expense of 3,909,000, debt extension fee charged to interest expense of 864,000, warrants issued for debt extension for 170,000, and
common stock issued for debt extension charged to interest expense of 589,000, partially offset by gain on settlement of conversion premium
of 466,000, gain on derivative liability of 6,526,000, gain on extinguishment of debt of 55,000, and change in operating assets and
liabilities resulted in a net increase of 3,200,000. 

Cash used in investing activities during the year
ended July 31, 2023 was 436,000, which was used for the acquisition of equipment. 

Cash
provided by financing activities during the year ended July 31, 2023 was 3,073,000. The net increase in cash provided by financing was
primarily due to the Company securing 4,541,000 from convertible notes, net of issuance costs and discounts and securing 250,000 from
debt financing from a related party, net of issuance costs and discounts, proceeds from the exercise of warrants of 22,000, proceeds
from the exercise of stock options of 50,000, partially offset by principal payments of 785,000 on various convertible notes, principal
payments of 298,000 on debt, principal payments of 568,000 on related party notes, and principal payments of 139,000 on equipment
financing. 

Overall, our net operating, investing, and financing
activities during the year ended July 31, 2023 resulted in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents for 585,000. 

 Digerati s consolidated financial statements
for the year ended July 31, 2023 have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement
of liabilities in the normal course of business. Since the Company s inception in 1993, Digerati has incurred net losses and accumulated
a deficit of approximately 121,684,000 and a working capital deficit of approximately 65,279,000 which raises substantial doubt about
Digerati s ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
are currently taking initiatives to reduce our overall cash deficiencies on a monthly basis. During Fiscal Year 2023, certain members
of our management team continued to receive a portion of their compensation in common stock to reduce the depletion of our available
cash. To strengthen our business, we intend to adopt best practices from our recent acquisitions and invest in a marketing and sales
strategy to grow our monthly recurring revenue; we anticipate utilizing our value-added resellers and channel partners to tap into new
sources of revenue streams; and we have also secured numerous agent agreements through our recent acquisitions that we anticipate will
accelerate revenue growth. In addition, we will continue to focus on selling a greater number of comprehensive services to our existing
customer base. Further, in an effort to increase our revenues, we will continue to evaluate the acquisition of various assets with emphasis
in VoIP Services and Cloud Communication Services. As a result, during the process of evaluating such acquisitions we anticipate incurring
significant legal and professional fees. 

15 

The
Company anticipates issuing additional equity, entering into additional convertible notes and/or obtaining other indebtedness to secure
the funding required to meet these cash needs. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to raise additional funds or raise
them on acceptable terms. If the Company is unable to obtain financing on acceptable terms, the Company may not be able to meet its interest
payments, capital expenditures and operational needs. As a result, the Company will be required to negotiate with its lender the terms
of the current financing agreements, in addition to postponing the timing of deployment of its capital expenditures and extending the
timing of the operational cash needs. 

The Credit Agreement contains customary representations,
warranties, and indemnification provisions. The Credit Agreement also contains affirmative and negative covenants with respect to the
operation of the business and properties of the loan parties as well as financial performance. 

Below are key financial covenant requirements,
(measured quarterly) for the fiscal quarter ended July 31, 2023: 

Maximum Allowed - Senior Leverage Ratio of 3.55 to 1.00 

Minimum Allowed EBITDA (on an annualized basis) of 4,394,867 

Minimum Allowed - Liquidity of 2,000,000 

Maximum Allowed - Capital Expenditures of 94,798 (Quarterly) 

Minimum Allowed Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of 1.50 to
1.00 

Maximum Allowed - Churn of 3.00 at any time 

As of July 31, 2023, the Company was not in compliance
with the financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. This noncompliance, together with certain other events of default that have occurred
and are continuing under the Credit Agreement, resulted in our classifying the indebtedness under the Credit Agreement as a current liability. 

The
Operating Subsidiaries obligations under the Credit Agreement are secured by first priority security interests in (a) the equity
interests of the Operating Subsidiaries (other than Verve Cloud Nevada), pursuant to the Pledge Agreement, dated November 17, 2020 (the
 Pledge Agreement ), made by Verve Cloud Nevada in favor of Post Road Administrative and (b) substantially all of the other
assets of the Operating Subsidiaries, pursuant to the Guaranty and Collateral Agreement, dated November 17, 2020, subsequently amended
on December 31, 2021, February 4, 2022, December 15, 2022, and February 3, 2023 (the Guaranty and Collateral Agreement ),
among the Operating Subsidiaries and Post Road Administrative. 

During
the period beginning on August 1, 2021, and ending on July 31, 2023, the Company and Post Road entered into several amendments and other
modifications to the Credit Agreement. Specifically: 

On
 December 15, 2022, Post Road agreed to forbear from exercising its remedies in connection
 with the Company s failure to comply with the financial covenants in the Credit Agreement
 as of the last day of the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2022, as well as certain other
 specified defaults, until December 23, 2022. 

On
 February 3, 2023, with an effective date of December 23, 2022, Digerati, the Operating Subsidiaries
 and Post Road entered into a Consent, Limited Waiver and Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement
 and Amendment to Notes (the Fourth Amendment ). Among other things, the Fourth
 Amendment (a) conditionally revised each of the six financial covenants set forth in the
 Credit Agreement (related to maximum leverage, minimum liquidity, minimum EBITDA, maximum
 capital expenditures, minimum interest coverage (a provision that replaced the minimum fixed
 charge coverage ratio provision), and maximum churn), (b) conditionally waived all then-existing
 events of default under the Credit Agreement and (c) modified the interest rates payable
 under the Credit Agreement. In addition, the Fourth Amendment provided that none of the revised
 financial covenants (other than minimum liquidity of 1,000,000, which was tested and met
 as of January 21, 2023) would be tested as of the last day of the fiscal quarter ended January
 31, 2023 so long as no additional events of default occurred prior to such date. The conditional
 revisions to the financial covenants and the conditional waivers of existing events of default
 in the Fourth Amendment were contingent on the consummation of the Merger with MEOA by February
 28, 2023 (the Merger Outside Closing Date ). If the Merger was not consummated
 by the Merger Outside Closing Date, the terms of the financial covenants would revert to
 the terms in effect immediately prior to the Fourth Amendment and the existing events of
 default would continue unwaived. The Merger Outside Closing Date was, as described below,
 extended several times, but the termination of the Business Combination Agreement with MEOA
 has effectively nullified the revisions to the financial covenants and conditional waivers
 set forth in the Fourth Amendment. 

16 

On
 March 13, 2023, Digerati, the Operating Subsidiaries, and Post Road entered into the Fifth
 Amendment to Credit Agreement, with an effective date of February 28, 2023, which specifically
 extended the Merger Outside Closing Date from February 28, 2023, to April 28, 2023. 

On
 April 3, 2023, Digerati, the Operating Subsidiaries, and Post Road entered into a Sixth Amendment
 to its Credit Agreement (the Sixth Amendment ), which (a) deferred the cash
 interest otherwise due and payable on April 1, 2023, to May 1, 2023, and (b) increased the
 net principal amount of additional convertible notes the Company was permitted by the Credit
 Agreement to have outstanding from 3,000,000 to 3,500,000. 

On
 May 1, 2023, with an effective date of April 28, 2023, Digerati, the Operating Subsidiaries,
 and Post Road entered into a Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Seventh Amendment ),
 pursuant to which the Merger Outside Closing Date was extended from April 28, 2023, to May
 31, 2023, or such later date as agreed to in writing by Post Road in its sole discretion. 

On
 August 16, 2023, Digerati, the Operating Subsidiaries and Post Road entered into a letter
 agreement, pursuant to which Post Road agreed that all accrued interest that was originally
 due and payable in cash by the Operating Subsidiaries on April 3, 2023, May 1, 2023, June
 1, 2023, July 3, 2023 and August 1, 2023 would, instead, be added to the outstanding principal
 balances of Term Loan A and Term Loan C, as applicable, under the Credit Agreement on the
 effective date of the letter agreement, and due on the maturity dates of such loans, along
 with all other principal and interest amounts thereunder. 

Additionally, on November 22, 2023 (with effect
from November 2, 2023), Verve Cloud, Inc. Verve Cloud and Verve Cloud s subsidiaries (Verve Cloud and its subsidiaries,
collectively, the Verve Cloud Nevada Parties ), Digerati and Post Road entered into a Second Forbearance Agreement, Amendment
to Loan Documents and Limited Consent, which (a) extends the maturity date of our Term Loan C Note with Post Road from November 2, 2023,
to December 31, 2023, (b) provides that Post Road and the other lenders under the Credit Agreement shall forbear through December 31,
2023 from exercising their rights and remedies under the loan documents and applicable law with respect to (i) certain existing events
of default under the loan documents and (ii) certain events of default that are expected to arise before December 31, 2023, and (c) amends
certain provisions of the Credit Agreement and the other loan documents to allow the company to incur up to an additional 2,000,000 of
working capital financing. For additional information regarding the Second Forbearance Agreement, Amendment to Loan Documents and Limited
Consent, see Note 18 - Subsequent Events to the Consolidated Financial Statements; see also Part II, Item 9B, Other Information to this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

We have been successful in raising debt and equity
capital in the past and as described in Notes 10, 11, and 12 to the financial statements. We have financing efforts in place to continue
to raise cash through debt and equity offerings. Although we have successfully completed financings and reduced expenses in the past,
we cannot assure you that our plans to address these matters in the future will be successful. The Company will continue to work with
various funding sources to secure additional debt and equity financings. However, Digerati cannot offer any assurance that it will be
successful in executing the aforementioned plans to continue as a going concern. 

Management believes that available resources as
of July 31, 2023, will not be sufficient to fund the Company s operations, debt service and corporate expenses over the next 12
months. The Company s ability to continue to meet its obligations and to achieve its business objectives is dependent upon, among
other things, raising additional capital, issuing stock-based compensation to certain members of the executive management team in lieu
of cash, and/or generating sufficient revenue in excess of costs. At such time as the Company requires additional funding, the Company
will seek to secure such best-efforts funding from various possible sources, including equity or debt financing, sales of assets, or collaborative
arrangements. If the Company raises additional capital through the issuance of equity securities or securities convertible into equity,
stockholders will experience dilution, and such securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to those of the holders
of common stock or convertible senior notes. If the Company raises additional funds by issuing debt, the Company may be subject to limitations
on its operations, through debt covenants or other restrictions. If the Company obtains additional funds through arrangements with collaborators
or strategic partners, the Company may be required to relinquish its rights to certain technologies. There can be no assurance that the
Company will be able to raise additional funds or raise them on acceptable terms. If the Company is unable to obtain financing on acceptable
terms, it may be unable to execute its business plan, the Company could be required to curtail its operations, and the Company may not
be able to pay off its obligations, if and when they come due. 

17 

Our current cash expenses are expected to be approximately
 1,300,000 per month, including wages, rent, utilities, corporate expenses, and legal professional fees associated with potential acquisitions.
As described elsewhere herein, we are not generating sufficient cash from operations to pay for our corporate and ongoing operating expenses,
or to pay our current liabilities. As of July 31, 2023, our total liabilities were approximately 69,276,000, which included 4,125,000
in derivative liabilities. We will continue to use our available cash on hand to cover our deficiencies in operating expenses. Our cash
requirements to meet our interest payments to Post Road, capital expenditure needs, and operational cash flow needs over the next 18 months
are estimated to be approximately 3,500,000. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The consolidated financial statements are prepared
in accordance with GAAP. In connection with the preparation of our financial statements, we are required to make assumptions and estimates
about future events and apply judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and the related disclosures.
We base our assumptions, estimates, and judgments on historical experience, current trends, and other factors believed to be relevant
at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared. Because future events and their effects cannot be determined with certainty,
actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and such differences could be material. 

We believe that our accounting policies and estimates
are critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. 

Valuation
of Goodwill and Intangible Assets. Goodwill and other intangible assets include the cost of the acquired business in excess
of the fair value of the tangible net assets recorded in connection with an acquisition. Other intangible assets include customer relationships,
non-compete agreements, and trademarks. The Company uses a third-party specialty valuation
firm to value its intangible assets acquired in its business combination and asset acquisitions. 

In
accordance with FASB ASC 350-20-35, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other, a third-party specialty valuation firm tested our
goodwill for impairment. Based upon their impairment analysis performed during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, management of
the Company has agreed with our third-party valuation firm
in their conclusion that there was no impairment of goodwill at July 31, 2023. 

In
accordance with FASB ASC 360-10-35, Property, Plant, and Equipment, a third-party specialty valuation firm reviewed our
long-lived asset groups, including property and equipment and other intangible assets, for impairment whenever events indicate that their
carrying amounts may not be recoverable. When it is determined that one or more impairment indicators are present for an asset group,
it is necessary to compare the carrying amount of the asset group to net future undiscounted cash flows that the asset group is expected
to generate. If the carrying amount of the asset group is greater than the net future undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss is recognized
for the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. The management of the Company has agreed with the third-party
specialty valuation firm in their conclusion that there were no impairment indicators relating to our long-lived assets 
 as July 31, 2023. 

Revenue
Recognition. The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenues from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ). 

The Company recognizes cloud-based hosted services revenue, mainly
from subscription services for its cloud telephony applications that includes hosted IP/PBX services, SIP trunking, call center applications,
auto attendant, voice and web conferencing, call recording, messaging, voicemail to email conversion, integrated mobility applications
that are device and location agnostic, and other customized applications. Other services include enterprise-class data and connectivity
solutions through multiple broadband technologies including cloud WAN or SD-WAN, fiber, and Ethernet over copper. We also offer remote
network monitoring, data backup and disaster recovery services. The Company applies a five-step approach in determining the amount and
timing of revenue to be recognized: (1) identifying the contract with a customer, (2) identifying the performance obligations in the contract,
(3) determining the transaction price, (4) allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract and (5) recognizing
revenue when the performance obligation is satisfied. Substantially all of the Company s revenue is recognized over time, on a monthly
basis, as services are rendered or at a point in time when control of the products transfers to the customer. 

18 

Derivative
financial instruments . Digerati does not use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency
risks. However, Digerati analyzes its convertible instruments and free-standing instruments such as warrants for derivative liability
accounting. 

For
derivative financial instruments that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value
and is then re-valued at each reporting date. Any changes in fair value is recorded as non-operating, non-cash income or expense for
each reporting period. For derivative notes payable conversion options Digerati uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to value
the derivative instruments. 

The
classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is re-assessed
at the end of each reporting period. Derivative instrument liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current
based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the derivative instrument is probable within the next 12 months from the balance sheet
date. 

OFF
BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

As
of July 31, 2023, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of SEC Regulation S-K. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

Not
Applicable to smaller reporting companies. 

19 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Consolidated Financial Statements of Digerati Technologies, Inc., and Subsidiaries Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of July 31, 2023 and 2022 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

Digerati Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Digerati Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of July 31, 2023 and 2022,
and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of July 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of their operations and their
cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Matter 

The accompanying financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the
Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters are matters
arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

www.malonebailey.com 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2018. 

November 22, 2023 

F- 2 

PART 1. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DIGERATI TECHNOLOGIES,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS 

(In thousands) 

July 31, 
 July 31, 

2023 
 2022 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Prepaid
 and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

LONG-TERM ASSETS: 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Property and equipment, net 

Other assets 

Investment in Itellum 

Right-of-Use assets - financing 

Right-of-Use
 assets - operating 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Equipment financing 

Convertible note payable, current, net of discount of and , respectively 

Note payable, current, related party, net of discount of and , respectively 

Note payable, current, net of discount of and , respectively 

Acquisition payable 

Deferred income 

Derivative liability 

Operating
 lease liability, current 

Total
 current liabilities 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES: 

Note payable, net of discount and , respectively 
 - 

Convertible note payable 
 - 

Equipment financing 

Operating
 lease liability, net of current portion 

Total
 long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT: 

Preferred stock, , shares authorized 

Convertible Series A Preferred stock, , shares designated, and issued and outstanding, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Convertible Series B Preferred stock, , shares designated, and issued and outstanding, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Convertible Series C Preferred stock, , shares designated, and issued and outstanding, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Series F Super Voting Preferred stock, , shares designated, and issued and outstanding, respectively 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, , shares authorized, and issued and outstanding and , respectively, reserved in Treasury) 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Other comprehensive
 income 

Total
 Digerati s stockholders deficit 

Noncontrolling
 interest 

Total
 stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities
 and stockholders deficit 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 3 

DIGERATI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

(In thousands, except per share amounts) 

For the Years Ended July 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 OPERATING REVENUES: 

Cloud software and service revenue 

Total operating revenues 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Cost of services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) 

Selling, general and administrative expense 

Legal and professional fees 

Bad debt expense 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Total operating expenses 

OPERATING LOSS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): 

Gain (loss) on derivative instruments 

Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense 

Income tax expense 

Total other income (expense) 

NET LOSS INCLUDING NONCONTROLLING INTEREST 

Less: Net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interests 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO DIGERATI S SHAREHOLDERS 

Deemed dividend on Series A Convertible preferred stock 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO DIGERATI S COMMON SHAREHOLDERS 

LOSS PER COMMON SHARE - BASIC 

LOSS PER COMMON SHARE - DILUTED 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING - BASIC 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING - DILUTED 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 4 

DIGERATI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED JULY 31, 2023 AND 2022 

(In thousands, except for share amounts) 

Equity Digerati s Shareholders 

Preferred 

Convertible 

Additional 
 Other 

Series A 
 
 Series B 
 
 Series C 
 
 Series F 
 
 Common 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Stockholders 
 Noncontrolling 

Shares 
 Par 
 Shares 
 Par 
 Shares 
 Par 
 Shares 
 Par 
 Shares 
 Par 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Income 
 Equity 
 Interest 
 Totals 
 
 BALANCE, July 31, 2021 
 
 -

-

-

-

Amortization of employee stock options 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Common stock issued for services 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Common stock issued for debt extension 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Common stock issued concurrent with convertible debt 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Dividends accrued 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Net Ioss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

BALANCE, July 31, 2022 
 
 -

-

-

-

Amortization of employee stock options 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Common stock issued to employees 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Common stock issued for exercise of employee stock options 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Common stock issued for conversion of Convertible Series A Preferred stock 
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Common stock issued for exercise of warrants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

-
 
 -

-

Common stock issued for debt extension 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Common stock issued for debt conversion and settlement 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Common stock issued concurrent with convertible debt 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Warrant issued with debt - debt discount 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Warrant issued with debt extension 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Beneficial conversion feature on convertible debt - debt discount 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Dividends accrued 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

BALANCE, July 31, 2023 
 -
 
 -

-

-

-

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 5 

DIGERATI TECHNOLOGIES,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

(In thousands) 

For the Years Ended 
July 31, 

2023 

2022 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization expense 

Stock compensation and warrant expense 

Stock issued for services 

- 

Bad debt expense 

Non-cash
lease expense 

Amortization of debt discount 

(Gain) loss on derivative liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 (Gain) loss on extinguishment of debt 

() 

(Gain) on settlement of conversion premium on Notes 

() 

- 

Gain on contingent earnout 

- 

() 
 
 Debt extension fee charged to interest expense 

Common stock issued for debt extension charged to interest expense 

Warrants issued for debt extension 

- 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

() 
 
 Inventory 

() 
 
 Other assets 

() 

() 
 
 Right of use operating lease liability 

() 

() 
 
 Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred income 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Cash paid in acquisition of equipment 

() 

() 
 
 Proceeds from the acquisition of Nexogy 

- 

Acquisition of VoIP assets, net of cash received 

- 

() 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Borrowings from convertible debt, net of original issuance cost and discounts 

Borrowings from debt, net of original issuance cost and discounts 

- 

Proceeds from the exercise of warrants 

- 

Proceeds from the exercise of stock options 

- 

Borrowings from related party notes, net of original issuance cost and discounts 

- 

Principal payments on debt, net 

() 

() 
 
 Principal payments on convertible debt, net 

() 

() 
 
 Principal payments on related party notes, net 

() 

() 
 
 Principal payment on equipment financing 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

() 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES: 

Cash paid for interest 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Accrued interest rolled into principal 

Incentive earnout adjustment on Active PBX acquisition 

- 

Debt discount from common stock issued with debt 

Debt discount from derivative liabilities 

- 

Debt discount from warrants issued with debt 

- 

Beneficial conversion feature on convertible note 

- 

Common stock issued for debt conversion and settlement 

- 

Common Stock issued for the conversion of Preferred Stock Series A 

- 

Dividends accrued 

Right-of-use
 Assets recognized from operating and finance leases 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

DIGERATI
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

AND
SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

minority interest in
Itellum Comunicacions Costa Rica, S.R.L. The Company paid in cash, issued shares of common stock with a market value
of . As result, the Company holds a minority interest in Itellum for an investment of . The Company has no influence over
the operating and financial policies of Itellum. The Company has no controlling interest, is not the primary beneficiary and does not
have the ability to exert significant influence. As a result, we accounted for this investment using the measurement alternative, defined
as cost, less impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes for identical or similar investments of the same
issuer. 

F- 7 

F- 8 

Product revenue 

Total operating revenues 

and , respectively. 

and , respectively.
All of the deferred revenue as of July 31, 2022 were recognized as revenues during the year ended July 31, 2023. 

and , respectively. The customer deposit balance
is included as part of deferred income on the consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 9 

in deferred commissions/contract costs,
of which the current portion of is included in prepaid and other current assets and the long-term portion of in other
assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Sales commissions expensed for the year ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, were and ,
respectively. 

and , respectively. 

to seven ) years. 

F- 10 

F- 11 

treasury shares for consideration for future conversions and exercise of warrants. The Company will evaluate the reserved treasury shares
on a quarterly basis, and if necessary, reserve additional treasury shares. As of July 31, 2023, we believe that the treasury share reserved
are sufficient for any future conversions of these instruments. As a result, these debt instruments and warrants are excluded from derivative
consideration. 

and , respectively. 

F- 12 

- 
 - 

Convertible
 promissory notes derivative liability at July 31, 2023 
 
 - 
 - 

Expected
 stock price volatility 
 - 
 
 Risk-free
 interest rate 
 
- 
 
 Expected
 term 
 - years 

Expected
 stock price volatility 
 - 
 
 Risk-free
 interest rate 
 - 
 
 Expected
 term 
 - years 

Derivative gain 

Balance at July 31, 2022 

Derivative from new convertible promissory notes recorded
as debt discount 

Derivative gain 

Balance at July 31, 2023 

likely of being realized upon settlement. As of July 31, 2023 and
2022, we have no liability for unrecognized tax benefits. 

F- 13 

common shares and common
shares, respectively, to professionals for exchange of services and to various employees as stock in lieu of cash compensation. During
FY 2023 and 2022, we recognized stock-based compensation expense of (the stock-based compensation expense for the 
common shares were expensed in a prior fiscal year) and ,
respectively, equivalent to the market value of the shares issued calculated based on the share s closing price at the grant dates.
During Fiscal Year 2023, we recognized stock-based compensation expense of approximately related
to stock options previously issued to various employees. 

Warrants to purchase common stock 

Convertible debt 

Convertible Series A Preferred stock 
 - 

Convertible Series B Preferred stock 

Convertible Series C Preferred stock 

Total 

F- 14 

and a working capital deficit of approximately which raises substantial doubt about Digerati s ability
to continue as a going concern. The Company s consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Management Plans to Continue as a Going
Concern 

Management believes that available resources
as of July 31, 2023, will not be sufficient to fund the Company s operations and corporate expenses over the next 12 months. The
Company s ability to continue to meet its obligations and to achieve its business objectives is dependent upon, and other things,
raising additional capital, issuing stock-based compensation to certain members of the executive management team in lieu of cash, or
generating sufficient revenue in excess of costs. At such time as the Company requires additional funding, the Company will seek to secure
such best-efforts funding from various possible sources, including equity or debt financing, sales of assets, or collaborative arrangements.
If the Company raises additional capital through the issuance of equity securities or securities convertible into equity, stockholders
will experience dilution, and such securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to those of the holders of common stock
or convertible senior notes. If the Company raises additional funds by issuing debt, the Company may be subject to limitations on its
operations, through debt covenants or other restrictions. If the Company obtains additional funds through arrangements with collaborators
or strategic partners, the Company may be required to relinquish its rights to certain technologies. There can be no assurance that the
Company will be able to raise additional funds or raise them on acceptable terms. If the Company is unable to obtain financing on acceptable
terms, it may be unable to execute its business plan, the Company could be required to curtail its operations, and the Company may not
be able to pay off its obligations, if and when they come due. 

We are currently taking initiatives to reduce
our overall cash deficiencies on a monthly basis. During Fiscal Year 2023, certain members of our executive management team have taken
a significant portion of their compensation in common stock to reduce the depletion of our available cash. To strengthen our business,
we intend to adopt best practices from our recent acquisitions and invest in a marketing and sales strategy to grow our monthly recurring
revenue; we anticipate utilizing our value-added resellers and channel partners to tap into new sources of revenue streams; and we have
also secured numerous agent agreements through our recent acquisitions that we anticipate will accelerate revenue growth. In addition,
we will continue to focus on selling a greater number of comprehensive services to our existing customer base. Further, in an effort
to increase our revenues, we will continue to evaluate the acquisition of various assets with emphasis in VoIP Services and Cloud Communication
Services. As a result, during the due diligence process we anticipate incurring significant legal and professional fees. 

We have been successful in raising debt and equity
capital in the past and as described in Notes 10, 11, and 12. We have financing efforts in place to continue to raise cash through debt
and equity offerings. Although we have successfully completed financings and reduced expenses in the past, we cannot assure you that our
plans to address these matters in the future will be successful. 

F- 15 

As of July 31, 2023, the Company was not in compliance
with the financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. This noncompliance, together with certain other events of default that have occurred
and are continuing under the Credit Agreement, resulted in our classifying the indebtedness under the Credit Agreement as a current liability. 

On December 15, 2022, the lender agreed to forbear
from exercising its remedies in connection with the financial covenants that were not complied with during the quarter ended October
31, 2022, as well as certain other specified defaults, until December 23, 2022. 

On February 3, 2023, the Company, the Verve Cloud
Nevada Parties (as defined in Note 2 to the financial statements), and Post Road entered into a Consent, Limited Waiver and Fourth Amendment
to Credit Agreement and Amendment to the Notes (the Fourth Amendment ). The Fourth Amendment is effective as of December
23, 2022. Among other things, the Fourth Amendment conditionally revises each of the six financial covenants set forth in Section 11.12
of the Credit Agreement (related to maximum leverage, minimum liquidity, minimum EBITDA, maximum capital expenditures, minimum interest
coverage (a provision that replaces the minimum fixed charge coverage ratio provision), and maximum churn). In addition, pursuant to the
Fourth Amendment, none of the financial covenants contained in Section 11.12 of the Credit Agreement, as amended by the Fourth Amendment,
were to be tested as of the January 31, 2023 fiscal quarter end date so long as no events of default had occurred, other than minimum
liquidity of , which was tested and met as of January 31, 2023. The Fourth Amendment provides that these revised financial covenants
will be null and void if the Company s planned merger with MEOA does not close by February 28, 2023. On March 13, 2023, the Company,
the Verve Cloud Nevada Parties, and Post Road entered into a Fifth Amendment of the Credit Agreement which extended the closing date of
the planned merger to April 28, 2023. 

F- 16 

. This amount was increased from the agreed to by Post Road pursuant
to the Fourth Amendment. 

Pursuant to the Sixth
Amendment, Post Road agreed to defer the cash interest otherwise due and payable on April 1, 2023 to the May 1, 2023 payment date. 

On
May 1, 2023, the Company, the Verve Cloud Nevada Parties, and Post Road entered into a Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Seventh
Amendment ). The Seventh Amendment is dated as of May 1, 2023, with an effective date of April 28, 2023. Pursuant to the Seventh
Amendment, the planned merger closing date was amended to
May 31, 2023, or such later date as agreed to in writing by Post Road in its sole discretion. On June 15, 2023, the planned merger
with MEOA was terminated. 

The Seventh Amendment
also modified the negative covenants set forth in the Credit Agreement to add a new section on material nonpublic information MNPI ).
The Seventh Amendment s modifications to the Credit Agreement provide that if Post Road elects not to receive MNPI from the Company
during any period during which the Company is obligated to deliver a notice to Post Road which notice would include MNPI, the Company
will inform Post Road of its obligation to deliver the notice, and Post Road will inform the Company whether it elects to receive such
notice. If Post Road elects to receive the notice of MNPI, the Company shall deliver such notice in accordance with the Credit Agreement,
and if Post Road elects not to receive such notice, the Company shall not deliver the notice and Post Road shall have waived its rights
to receive delivery of the notice. Any election by Post Road to waive their right to receive delivery of any notice of MNPI applies only
with respect to the specific notice and not to any subsequent notice. 

On August 16, 2023, the Company,
the Verve Cloud Nevada Parties, and Post Road entered into the Letter Agreement to the Credit Agreement (the Letter Agreement ),
with an effective date of August 4, 2023 (the Effective Date ). Pursuant to the Letter Agreement, Post Road has agreed that
all accrued and unpaid cash interest that was originally due and payable by the Company on the April 3, 2023, May 1, 2023, June 1, 2023,
July 3, 2023 and August 1, 2023 would be capitalized and added to the outstanding principal balances of Term Loan A and Term Loan C on
the effective date, and shall be due and payable by the Company in cash on the maturity dates, November 17, 2024 and November 2, 2023,
respectively, in accordance with the credit agreement and the other loan documents. 

On November 22, 2023 (with effect from November
2, 2023), the Verve Cloud Nevada Parties, Digerati and Post Road entered into a Second Forbearance Agreement, Amendment to Loan Documents
and Limited Consent, which (a) extends the maturity date of our Term Loan C Note with Post Road from November 2, 2023, to December 31,
2023, (b) provides that Post Road and the other lenders under the Credit Agreement shall forbear through December 31, 2023 from exercising
their rights and remedies under the loan documents and applicable law with respect to (i) certain existing events of default under the
loan documents and (ii) certain events of default that are expected to arise before December 31, 2023, and (c) amends certain provisions
of the Credit Agreement and the other loan documents to allow the company to incur up to an additional of working capital
financing. For additional information regarding the Second Forbearance Agreement, Amendment to Loan Documents and Limited Consent, see
Note 18 - Subsequent Events to the Consolidated Financial Statements; see also Part II, Item 9B, Other Information to this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

While Digerati, the parent company of Verve Cloud, is not subject to
these financial covenants, they have had and will continue to have a material impact on Verve Cloud s expenditures and ability to
raise funds. 

F- 17 

equity ownership of each of Verve Cloud s operating companies. 

The Company will continue to work with various
funding sources to secure additional debt and equity financings. However, Digerati cannot offer any assurance that it will be successful
in executing the aforementioned plans to continue as a going concern. 

-

Customer relationships, 5 years 

-

Customer relationships, 7 10 years 

Trademarks, 7 10 years 

Non-compete, 2 3 years 

Marketing Non-compete, 5 years 

- 
 
 Total Definite-lived Intangible Assets 

Goodwill 
 
 -

Balance, July 31, 2023 

-

Customer relationships, 5 years 

Customer relationships, 7 years 

Trademarks, 7 10 years 

Non-compete, 2 3 years 

Marketing Non-compete, 5 years 

Total Definite-lived Intangible Assets 

Goodwill 
 
 -

Balance, July 31, 2022 

Total amortization expense for the year ended
July 31, 2023, and 2022 was and , respectively. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 and thereafter 

Total: 

F- 18 

- years 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Net property and equipment 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 

to reduce future federal income tax liabilities; net loss from
2018 and on will be carryforward indefinitely, the net loss carryforwards prior to 2018 started expiring in 2021. Under the enacted Tax
Cuts and Jobs Act TCJA ), the new effective Corporate flat tax rate is (effective for tax years beginning after December
31, 2017). Income tax benefit (provision) for the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022 are as follows: 

Change in valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax asset, net 
 -
 
 -

The change in the valuation allowance for 2023
resulted in an increase of approximately . Management has evaluated and concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax
positions requiring recognition in Digerati s consolidated financial statements. The current year remains open to examination by
the major taxing jurisdictions in which Digerati is subject to tax. The Company files a calendar year return, and the net operating loss
was adjusted for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2023. 

The federal and state net operating losses NOLs may be subject to certain limitations under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, which could significantly restrict the Company s
ability to use the NOLs to offset taxable income in subsequent years. 

We record unrecognized tax benefits as liabilities
in accordance with ASC 740 and adjust these liabilities when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluate on new information not
previously available. Because of the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that
is materially different from our current estimate of the unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. These differences will be reflected as
increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which new information is available. 

F- 19 

million (previously million) stock options, restricted
common shares, non-restricted common shares and other awards to employees, directors, and certain other persons. The Plan is intended
to permit the Company to retain and attract qualified individuals who will contribute to the overall success of the Company. The Company s
Board of Directors determines the terms of any grants under the Plan. Exercise prices of all stock options and other awards vary based
on the market price of the shares of common stock as of the date of grant. The stock options, restricted common stock, non-restricted
common stock, and other awards vest based on the terms of the individual grant . 

During
the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company extended the expiration date on previously issued stock options to various employees
until ; the exercise price of these options was amended to per share; and these
options also vested immediately on June 1, 2023. The modification of these stock options created a stock-based compensation expense of
 to the Company. On July 24, 2023, the exercise price on these options was amended to per share. The modification to the
exercise price resulted in an additional stock-based compensation expense to the Company for the modified options. Additionally,
the Company issued new stock options to certain Company Executives and Board Members, which had an immediate vesting date of
June 1, 2023; an expiration date of December 1, 2027; and an exercise price of per share. These newly issued options generated
a stock-based compensation expense of to the Company. On July 24, 2023, the exercise price of these options was amended
to per share. The modification to the exercise price resulted in an additional stock-based compensation expense to the
Company for the newly issued options. 

During the year ended July 31, 2022, the Company
extended the expiration date on previously issued stock options to various employees until July 31, 2025, and the exercise
price of these options was set at per share. The modification of these stock options created a nominal expense to the Company. 

Expected stock price volatility 
 - 
 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 
 Expected term 
 years 

Digerati recognized approximately and
 in stock-based compensation expense to employees during the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Unamortized compensation
cost totaled and at July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022, respectively. 

Granted 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited and cancelled 

-

Outstanding at July 31, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

-

Forfeited and cancelled 

-

Outstanding at July 31, 2023 

Exercisable at July 31, 2023 

The aggregate intrinsic value (the difference between
the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of the period and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of in-the-money
options) of the and stock options outstanding at July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022 was and , respectively. 

F- 20 

and
 stock options exercisable at July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022 was and , respectively. 

warrants under promissory notes and warrants for extension of promissory
note in which the warrants vested at the time of issuance. The warrants have an expiration term of five ) years with an exercise price
of . Under the Black-Scholes valuation method, the relative fair market value of the warrants at time of issuance was approximately and was recognized as a discount on the promissory notes. The Company will amortize the debt discount as interest expense over
12 months. 

During the year ended July 31, 2022, the Company
did not issue any warrants. 

On November 17, 2020, the Company issued 
Warrants to Post Road Special Opportunity Fund II LP (the Warrant to purchase, initially, twenty-five percent of
the Company s total shares, calculated on a fully-diluted basis as of the date of issuance (the Warrant Shares and
subject to a reduction to fifteen percent as described below. 

per share and the Warrant
expires on November 17, 2030. Seventy-five percent (75 of the Warrant Shares are immediately fully vested and not subject to forfeiture
at any time for any reason. The remaining twenty-five percent (25 of the Warrant Shares are subject to forfeiture based on the Company
achieving certain performance targets which, if achieved, would result in twenty percent (20 warrant coverage. If the minority shareholders
of T3 Nevada convert their T3 Nevada shares into shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the common
stock ), the Warrant Shares percentage shall also be lowered such that when combined with the achievement of the performance targets,
the warrant coverage could be reduced to fifteen percent (15 ). 

In connection with the issuance of the Warrant, the
three executives of the Company, Art Smith, Antonio Estrada, and Craig Clement entered into a Tag-Along Agreement (the Tag-Along
Agreement whereby they agreed that the holder of the Warrant or Warrant Share will have the right to participate or tag-along 
in any agreements to sell any shares of their common stock that such executives enter into. The Company also agreed, in connection with
the issuance of the Warrant and pursuant to a Board Observer Agreement (the Board Observer Agreement ), to grant Post Road
the right to appoint a representative to each of the boards of directors of the Company and each of its subsidiaries, to attend all board
meeting in a non-voting observer capacity. In addition, at issuance the Company recognized in derivative liability associated
with these warrants. 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited and cancelled 

-

Outstanding at July 31, 2022 

Issuances 

Exercised 

-

Forfeited and cancelled 

-

Outstanding at July 31, 2023 

Exercisable at July 31, 2023 

The aggregate intrinsic value (the difference
between the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of the period and the exercise price, multiplied by the number
of in-the-money warrants) of the and warrants outstanding at July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022 was and
 , respectively. 

The aggregate intrinsic value of the and
 warrants exercisable at July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022 was and , respectively. 

F- 21 

of the annual base salary of each eligible employee up to per year. Contributions under the plan
are fully vested upon funding. 

During the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, the
Company did not issue any common shares to employees as part of the Company s profit-sharing plan contribution. 

or more from any single customer. 

As of the year ended July 31, 2023 and 2022,
the Company did not have outstanding accounts receivable of or more from any single customer. 

, bearing interest at a rate of per annum, with maturity date of December 31, 2018. The maturity date was
extended multiple times and subsequently on August 4, 2023, the lender agreed to extend the maturity until January 31, 2024. The promissory
note is secured by a Pledge and Escrow Agreement, whereby the Company agreed to pledge rights to collateral due under a certain agreement.
The principal outstanding balance as of July 31, 2023 and 2022, was . 

Credit Agreement and Notes 

Pursuant to the Credit Agreement (as defined
in Note 2), Post Road provided Verve Cloud with a secured loan of up to (the Loan ), with initial loans of 
pursuant to the issuance of a Term Loan A Note and pursuant to the issuance of a Term Loan B Note, each funded on November
17, 2020, and an additional in loans, in increments of , as requested by Verve Cloud before the 18 month anniversary
of the initial funding date to be lent pursuant to the issuance of a Delayed Draw Term Note. After payment of transaction-related expenses
and closing fees of , net proceeds to the Company from Term Loan A Note and Term Loan B Note totaled . The Company
recorded these discounts and cost of as a discount to the Notes and will be amortized as interest expense over the term of the
notes. 

During the year ended July 31, 2023, the total
debt discount for the Term Loan A Note and the Term Loan B Note was fully amortized. The total debt discount outstanding on the notes
as of July 31, 2023 and 2022 was . 

Term Loan A Note has a maturity date of , and an interest rate of LIBOR (with a minimum rate of plus twelve percent ). Term Loan A is non-amortized (interest only
payments) through the maturity date and contains an option for the Company to pay interest in kind PIK for up to five
percent of the interest rate in year one, four percent in year two and three percent in year three. 

Term Loan B had a maturity date of ,
and an interest rate of LIBOR (with a minimum rate of plus twelve percent ). Term Loan B was non-amortized (interest only payments)
through the maturity date and contained an option for the Company to PIK for up to five percent of the interest rate in year one,
four percent in year two and three percent in year three. Term Loan B was recapitalized under the revised A R Term Loan
A Note as indicated below. 

F- 22 

outstanding principal balance of the Term Loan B Note accrued interest of , and amendment fee
of were recapitalized under the revised A R Term Loan A Note. 

Pursuant to the First Amendment, the additional
proceeds of were used to fund the acquisition of the assets of Skynet Telecom LLC Skynet and for general corporate
and working capital purposes as well as professional fees and other fees and expenses with respect to the transactions contemplated by
the First Amendment. The Company evaluated the amendment and the recapitalization of the notes and accounted for these changes as an
extinguishment of debt and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of , the loss is composed of the full amortization debt
discount of , and the amendment fees of . 

The A R Term Loan A Note has a maturity date of
 , and an interest rate of Term SOFR (with a minimum rate of plus twelve percent ). The principal balance and
accrued PIK interest outstanding on the A R Term Loan was and as of July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively,
and had accrued PIK interest outstanding of and , respectively. 

On February 4, 2022, Verve Cloud and Post Road
entered into a Joinder and Second Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Joinder and Second Amendment in connection with which
Verve Cloud issued a Term Loan C Note. Pursuant to the Joinder and Second Amendment, Post Road provided Verve Cloud with a secured loan
of . The proceeds of were used to fund the acquisition of Next Level Internet, Inc. Next Level or
 NLI and for general corporate and working capital purposes as well as professional fees and other fees and expenses with
respect to the transactions contemplated by the Joinder and Second Amendment. At issuance the Company recognized in OID and 
in debt issuance. The total unamortized debt discount was and , respectively, as of July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022. The principal
balance on the Term Loan C Note was and , respectively, as of July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022 and had accrued
PIK interest outstanding of and , respectively. Term Loan C Note had a maturity date of , which was subsequently
amended to mature on November 2, 2023 and again amended to mature on December 31, 2023, and an interest rate of Term SOFR (with a minimum
rate of plus twelve percent ). 

 For further details regarding the Credit Agreement,
as amended through December 31, 2023 please see Note 2, Management Plans to Continue as a Going Concern to the consolidated
financial statements. 

Promissory Notes Next Level Internet
Acquisition 

On February 4, 2022, as per the acquisition of Next
Level, the Company entered into two unsecured promissory notes (the Unsecured Adjustable Promissory Notes for 
and , respectively. The notes are payable in eight equal quarterly installments in the aggregate amount of each commencing
on June 4, 2022, through and including March 7, 2024, with a base annual interest rate of and a default annual interest rate of .
The amount owed is subject to change based on certain revenue milestones required to be achieved by Next Level. At issuance, the Company
fair valued the notes and recognized a debt discount of which is amortized over the term of the notes. The Company amortized
 to interest expense during the year July 31, 2023. Total unamortized debt discount on the notes as of July 31, 2023 and July
31, 2022 was and , respectively. The total principal balance outstanding as of July 31, 2023 and July 31, 2022 on the
Unsecured Adjustable Promissory Notes was and , respectively. 

On January 3, 2023, the Company amended its forbearance
agreement with the Noteholders and agreed to pay the deferred payment, together with interest at the rate of per annum (based upon
the number of days elapsed between the date the deferred payment is scheduled for payment under the Notes and the date the deferred payment
is actually paid and a year of 360 days) and extension fees of on or before February 28, 2023 (the period from the effective date
through February 28, 2023). This deferral of payment resulted in an additional principal added to the balance of , which consisted
of the extension fee of and interest expense of . 

F- 23 

amendment fee to be added to the outstanding
principal balance. This deferral of payment resulted in an additional principal added to the balance of , which consisted of the
extension fee of and interest expense of . The balance was paid on March 15, 2023. 

On March 7, 2023, the Company extended the payment
date for the March 7, 2023 installment to be due by April 30, 2023 in exchange for a amendment fee to be added to the outstanding
principal balance. This deferral of payment resulted in an additional principal added to the balance of , which consisted of the
extension fee of and interest expense of . The balance was paid on March 15, 2023. 

On May 1, 2023, the Company extended the payment date
for the September 4, 2022 installment to be due by May 31, 2023 in exchange for payment of accrued interest between March 15, 2023 and
April 30, 2023 of which was paid on May 10, 2023. 

On May 1, 2023, the Company extended the payment date
for the March 7, 2023 installment to be due by May 31, 2023 in exchange for payment of accrued interest between March 15, 2023 and April
30, 2023 of which was paid on May 10, 2023. 

On June 1, 2023, the
Company and the Noteholders agreed to extend the due date for the principal payment along with accrued interest due on May 31, 2023 to
June 30, 2023. Subsequent to July 31, 2023, the maturity date and principal payments on the Note were extended to December 31, 2023. 

promissory note, with the Company s president, Derek Gietzen, with a maturity date of , and annual interest
rate of . On January 17, 2023, the Company paid the total principal outstanding of , plus accrued interest. 

On October 4, 2022, the Company entered into
a promissory note, with the Company s president, Derek Gietzen, with a maturity date of , and annual interest
rate of . On October 17, 2022, the Company paid the total principal outstanding of , plus accrued interest. 

On
November 17, 2020, as a result of the of the acquisition of the assets of ActiveServe, Inc. ActiveServe ), the two
sellers became related parties as they continued to be involved as consultants to manage the customer relationship, the Company paid
on an annual basis to each of the consultants. These agreements expired, and the parties agreed not to extend. As of July
31, 2023, there are no balances outstanding under the consulting
agreements. In addition, part of the Purchase Price is payable in 8 equal quarterly payments to the sellers. During the year ended
July 31, 2023, the Company paid of the principal balance outstanding. It was determined during the year ended July 31,
2023, that the required revenue targets were not met. As a result, the Company recognized a gain on settlement of debt of 
which was the remaining accrued amount outstanding. The total principal outstanding on the notes as of July 31, 2023 and 2022 was 
and , respectively. 

On
December 31, 2021, as a result of the of the acquisition of Skynet s assets, the two sellers became related parties as they continued
to be involved as consultants for 12 months to manage the customer relationship. The Company will pay to each of the consultants
on an annual basis. As of July 31, 2023, there were no outstanding
balances owed to the consultants. Part of the Purchase Price of (the Earn-out Amount was retained by the Company
and will be paid to sellers in six equal quarterly payments. An additional (the Holdback Amount was retained by
the Company and will be paid to sellers in accordance with the Skynet asset purchase agreement. During the years
ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company paid of the principal balance outstanding during each of the fiscal years. The Company
amortized and of debt discount as interest expense during the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The total
debt discount outstanding as of July 31, 2023 and 2022, was and , respectively. The total balance outstanding on the Earn-out
Amounts as of July 31, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. Subsequent to July 31, 2023, the maturity date on the Note
was extended to December 31, 2023. 

F- 24 

(the Share Payment by issuance of restricted shares of the Company s
common stock to the owners. On September 1, 2022, the Company and the sellers amended the Asset Purchase Agreement. In accordance with
the amended agreement, the Share Payment will be made via the issuance of shares on the earlier of (i) the effective date of that certain
Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 11, 2021 (in which case
the stock will be valued at the price set forth in the prospectus that is a part of such Registration Statement, without underwriter discounts)
and (ii) April 30, 2023 (in which case the stock will be valued at the average of the last transaction price on the OTCQB for each of
the 10 trading days immediately preceding such issuance date). On December 5, 2022 and March 9, 2023, the Asset Purchase Agreement was
amended. The payments due were originally extended until the closing of the merger with Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition MEOA which was expected to close during the second quarter of calendar year 2023. On June 15, 2023, Digerati terminated the Business Combination
Agreement with MEOA. Subsequent to July 31, 2023, the maturity date on the Note was extended to December 31, 2023. The total principal
balance outstanding on the acquisitions payable as of July 31, 2023 and 2022 was . 

On January 27, 2021, the Company entered into a variable convertible
promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of 250,000, an annual interest rate of 8 , and a maturity date of January 27, 2022.
In connection with the execution of the Note, the Company issued 500,000 shares of our common stock to the Noteholder, and at the time
of issuance, the Company recognized the relative fair market value of the shares of 24,368 as debt discount and 44,368 as debt discount
for the intrinsic value of the conversion feature, which both were amortized to interest expense during the term of the Note. The Noteholder
may elect to convert up to 100 of the principal amount outstanding and any accrued interest on the Note into common stock at any time
after 180 days of funding the Note. The conversion price shall be the greater of 0.05 or 75 of the lowest daily volume weighted average
price VWAP for the ten (10) trading day period immediately preceding the conversion date. The Noteholder shall, in its
sole discretion, be able to convert any amounts due hereunder at a twenty-five percent (25 discount to the per share price of the Qualified
Uplisting Financing. The maturity date was extended multiple times. Most recently, on February 1, 2023, the lender agreed to extend the
maturity until July 30, 2023. As consideration for the extension on the Note, the Company agreed to add 50,000 to the principal amount
outstanding and issued 300,000 shares of common stock with a market value of 26,460, both of which, were charged to interest expense.
The Company analyzed the Note and determined that it does not require to be accounted as a derivative instrument. Subsequent to July 31, 2023, the maturity date on the Note was extended
to December 31, 2023. (1) (2) (3) 

F- 25 

On August 31, 2021, the Company entered into a variable convertible
promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of 75,000, an annual interest rate of 8 (and a default interest rate of 20 ), and
a maturity date of August 31, 2022. In connection with the execution of the Note, the Company issued 150,000 shares of our common stock
to the Noteholder, and at the time of issuance, the Company recognized the relative fair market value of the shares of 13,635 as debt
discount, which will be amortized to interest expense during the term of the promissory note. The Noteholder may elect to convert up to
100 of the principal amount outstanding and any accrued interest on the Note into common stock at any time after 180 days of funding
the Note. The Conversion Price shall be the greater of 0.15 or 75 of the lowest daily volume weighted average price VWAP for the ten (10) trading day period immediately preceding the conversion date. The Noteholder may elect to convert up to 100 of the principal
plus accrued interest into the common stock into a qualified uplist financing at a 25 discount. The maturity date has been extended multiple
times. Most recently, on February 28, 2023, the lender agreed to extend the maturity until August 31, 2023. As consideration for the extension
on the Note, the Company agreed to add 18,000 to the principal amount outstanding and issued 100,000 shares of common stock with a market
value of 8,200, both of which, were charged to interest expense. Subsequent to July 31, 2023, the maturity date on the Note was extended
to December 31, 2023. (1) (2) (3) 

F- 26 

On February 4, 2022, as part the acquisition of NLI, the Company entered
into two unsecured convertible promissory notes (the Unsecured Convertible Promissory Notes for 1,800,000 and 200,000,
respectively. The Notes are payable in eight equal quarterly installments in the aggregate amount of 250,000 with the first payment commencing
on April 30, 2022, through and including January 31, 2024. The Notes have a base annual interest rate of 10 and a default annual interest
rate of 18 . The Sellers have a one-time right to convert all or a portion of the Convertible Notes commencing on the six-month anniversary
of the notes being issued and ending 30 days after such six-month anniversary. The conversion price means an amount equal to the volume
weighted average price per share of Stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market for the ten (10) consecutive trading days on which the conversion
notice is received by the Company. However, if the stock is not then listed for trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, the Conversion Price
shall be the volume weighted average transaction price per share reported by the OTC Reporting Facility for the ten (10) consecutive trading
days immediately preceding the date on which such Conversion Notice is received by the Company. At inception of the Notes, the Company
recognized the fair market value of the conversion on the notes of 2,382,736, and recognized 117,264 in debt discount, which was amortized
over the conversion period. During the year ended July 31, 2023, the conversion option on the Notes ended, and the Company recognized
 466,086 as other income for the settlement of the conversion option. During the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company made principal
payments totaling 791,375. Most recently, on May 1, 2023, lenders agreed to forbear the principal payment of 250,000 originally due
on April 30, 2023 to May 31, 2023. On June 1, 2023, the Company and the Noteholders agreed to extend the due date for the principal payment
along with accrued interest due on May 31, 2023 to June 30, 2023. Subsequent to July 31, 2023, the maturity date on the Note was extended
to December 31, 2023. (3) 

F- 27 

On January 21, 2022, the Company entered into a variable convertible
promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of 230,000, an annual interest rate of 8 , and a maturity date of October 21, 2022.
After payment of transaction-related expenses and closing fees of 26,300, net proceeds to the Company from the Note totaled 203,700.
Additionally, the Company recorded 26,300 as a discount to the Note and amortized over the term of the Note. In connection with the execution
of the Note, the Company issued 300,000 shares of our common stock to the Not holder and recorded 30,446 as debt discount and amortized
over the term of the Note. Until the earlier of 6 months or the Company listing on Nasdaq or NYSE American, the Noteholder shall be entitled
to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount into fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock. The Note
Conversion Price shall equal the greater of 0.15 or 25 discount to up-listing price or offering/underwriting price concurrent with the
Company listing on Nasdaq or NYSE American, subject to adjustment as provided in the Note. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default,
the outstanding balance shall immediately increase to 125 of the Outstanding Balance immediately prior to the occurrence of the Event
of Default and a daily penalty of 500 will accrue until the default is remedied. The maturity date has been extended multiple times.
On January 30, 2023, the lender agreed to extend the maturity until May 30, 2023. In connection with the extension of the maturity
date on the Note, the Company agreed to increase the principal balance by 30,000 and issued 300,000 shares of common stock with a fair
market value of 26,910, both of which, were charged to interest expense. On May 30, 2023, the Company and the Noteholders
agreed to extend the due date for the principal payment due on May 30, 2023 to September 30, 2023. In exchange for the extension of the
due date, 30,000 was added to the principal and the Company issued 300,000 shares of common stock with a fair market value of 26,700. Subsequent to July 31, 2023, the maturity date of the Note was extended
to December 31, 2023. (1) (2) (3) 

F- 28 

-

On October 3, 2022, the Company entered into a variable convertible
promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of 165,000, an annual interest rate of 8 , and a maturity date of July 3, 2023. After
payment of transaction-related expenses and closing fees of 19,500, net proceeds to the Company from the Note totaled 145,500. Additionally,
the Company issued 300,000 shares of our common stock to the note holder. The Company recorded the 19,500 and the relative fair market
value of the shares of 32,143 as debt discount and amortized to interest expense over the term of the Note. The Company recognized 117,857
debt discount related to beneficial conversion feature and will be amortized to interest expense over the term of Note. Until the
earlier of 6 months or the Company listing on Nasdaq or NYSE American, the Noteholder shall be entitled to convert any portion of the
outstanding and unpaid conversion amount into fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock. The Note conversion price shall equal
the greater of 0.10 or 25 discount to up-listing price or offering/underwriting price concurrent with the Company listing on Nasdaq
or NYSE American, subject to adjustment as provided in the Note. Subsequent to July 31, 2023, the maturity date of the Note was extended
to December 31, 2023. (1) (3) 

-

-

On October 27, 2022, the Company entered into a variable convertible
promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of 71,500, an annual interest rate of 8 , and a maturity date of July 26, 2023. After
payment of transaction-related expenses and closing fees of 6,500, net proceeds to the Company from the Note totaled 65,000. Additionally,
the Company issued 200,000 shares of our common stock to the Noteholder. The Company recorded the 6,500 and the relative fair market
value of the shares of 38,768 as debt discount and amortized to interest expense over the term of the Note. The Company recognized
 40,888 debt discount related to beneficial conversion feature and will be amortized to interest expense over the term of Note. Until
the earlier of 6 months or the Company listing on Nasdaq or NYSE American, the Noteholder shall be entitled to convert any portion of
the outstanding and unpaid conversion amount into fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock. The Note conversion price shall
equal the greater of 0.10 or 25 discount to up-listing price or offering/underwriting price concurrent with the Company listing on Nasdaq
or NYSE American, subject to adjustment as provided in the Note. Subsequent to July 31, 2023, the maturity date of the Note was extended to December 31, 2023. (1) (3) 

-

F- 29 

-

-

On December 12, 2022, the Company entered into a convertible promissory
note with an aggregate principal amount of 117,647, annual interest rate of 10 and a maturity date of December 12, 2023. The Company
recorded 17,647 as original issue discount to the Note, which resulted in net proceeds of 100,000. In connection with the execution
of the note, the Company issued 148,295 shares of our common stock and 741,475 warrant shares to the Noteholder at the time of issuance.
The Company recognized the relative fair market value of the common stock and warrant shares of 41,685 as debt discount. Additionally,
the Company recognized 58,315 as debt discount for the intrinsic value of the conversion feature. All debt discount will be amortized
to interest expense during the term of the Note. The Noteholder shall have the right, on any calendar day, at any time on or following
the earlier of (i) April 12, 2023 or (ii) sixty (60) calendar days after the Closing Date (as defined in that certain business combination
agreement between the Company, Minority Equality Opportunities Acquisition Inc., and MEOA Merger Sub, Inc. dated on or around August 30,
2022 (the SPAC Agreement , and the transaction contemplated under the SPAC Agreement, the SPAC Transaction ),
to convert all or any portion of the Principal Amount and interest (including any Default Interest) into fully paid and non-assessable
shares of common stock. The Note conversion price shall equal 0.0956, subject to adjustment as provided in the note. Subsequent to July 31, 2023, the maturity date and principal payments
on the Note were extended to December 31, 2023. (1) (3) 

-

F- 30 

-

-

On January 13, 2023, the Company entered into a convertible promissory
note with an aggregate principal amount of 110,000, an annual interest rate of 10 , and a maturity date of October 13, 2023. The Company
recorded 10,000 in original issue discount to the Note. After payment of the original issue discount, net proceeds to the Company from
the Note totaled 100,000. In connection with the execution of the Note, the Company issued 138,000 shares of our common stock shares
to the Noteholder at the time of issuance. The Company recognized the relative fair market value of the shares of common stock of 11,177
as debt discount. Additionally, the Company recognized 21,507 as debt discount for the intrinsic value of the conversion feature.
All debt discount will be amortized to interest expense during the term of the Note. The Noteholder shall have the right, on any calendar
day, at any time on or following the earlier of (i) May 12, 2023 or (ii) sixty (60) calendar days after listing on Nasdaq or the New York
Stock Exchange to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion into fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock,
at the Conversion Price. The Note conversion price shall equal 0.10, subject to adjustment as provided in the Note. Subsequent to July 31, 2023, the maturity date of the Note was extended
to December 31, 2023. (1) (3) 

-

F- 31 

-

-

On March 7, 2023, the Company entered into a convertible promissory
note with an aggregate principal amount of 110,000, annual interest rate of 10 and a maturity date of December 7, 2023. The Company
recorded 10,000 of original issue discount to the Note. After payment of original issue discount, net proceeds to the Company from the
Note totaled 100.000. In connection with the execution of the Note, the Company issued 300,000 shares of our common stock at the
time of issuance. The Company recognized the relative fair market value 38,850 for shares of common stock to debt discount, which will
be amortized to interest expense during the term of the Note. The Noteholder shall have the right, on any calendar day, at any time on
or following the earlier of (i) July 7, 2023 or (ii) sixty (60) calendar days after listing on Nasdaq or the New York Stock Exchange to
convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid Conversion Amount into fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock at the Conversion
Price of 0.10, subject to adjustment as provided in the Note. (1) (3) 

-

F- 32 

-

On April 14, 2023, the Company entered into a convertible promissory
note with an aggregate principal amount of 275,000, an annual interest rate of 10 , and a maturity date of October 11, 2023. The Company
recorded 25,000 in original issue discount to the Note. After payment of the original issue discount, net proceeds to the Company from
the Note totaled 250,000. In connection with the execution of the Note, the Company issued 358,000 shares of our common stock shares
to the note holder at the time of issuance. The Company recognized the relative fair market value of the common shares of 28,354 as debt
discount. All debt discount will be amortized to interest expense during the term of the promissory note. The note holder may elect to
convert up to 50 of the principal amount outstanding and any accrued interest on the Note into common stock at any time, on the date
of the debtor s up-list transaction on the NASDAQ. The Note conversion price shall equal 0.10 subject to adjustment as provided
in the Note. Subsequent to July 31, 2023, the maturity date on the Note was extended to December 31, 2023. (1) (3) 

-

On May 9, 2023, the Company entered into a convertible promissory note
with an aggregate principal amount of 55,000, an annual interest rate of 8 , and a maturity date of February 9, 2024. The Company recorded
 5,000 in original issue discount to the Note. After payment of the original issue discount, net proceeds to the Company from the Note
totaled 50,000. In connection with the execution of the Note, the Company issued 300,000 shares of our common stock shares to the note
holder at the time of issuance. The Company recognized the relative fair market value of the common shares of 16,390 as debt discount.
The Company recognized 15,560 debt discount related to beneficial conversion feature. All debt discount will be amortized to interest
expense during the term of the promissory note. The Noteholder shall be entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding and unpaid
conversion amount into fully paid and nonassessable shares of our common stock at the conversion price below. The Note conversion price
shall equal the greater of 0.10 (ten) cents or 25 discount to up-listing price or offering/underwriting price concurrent with the Company
listing on Nasdaq or NYSE American subject to adjustment as provided in the Note. (1) (3) 

-

Total convertible notes payables non-derivative: 

F- 33 

F- 34 

-

Total convertible notes payable - derivative: 

Total convertible notes payable derivative and non-derivative 

Less: debt discount 

Total convertible notes payable, net of discount 

Less: current portion of convertible notes payable 

Long-term portion of convertible notes payable 
 - 

The total unamortized discount on the convertible
notes as of July 31, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. The total principal balance outstanding as of July 31, 2023
and 2022 was and respectively. During the years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company amortized and
 respectively, of debt discount as interest expense. 

Future Principal Payments 

2025 
 -

Total future payments: 

F- 35 

10967 Via Frontera, San Diego, CA 92127 

1610 Royal Palm Avenue, Suite 300, Fort Myers, FL 33901 

2121 Ponce de Leon Blvd., Suite 200, Coral Gables FL 33134 

7218 McNeil Dr., FL-1, Austin, TX 78729 

9701 S. John Young Parkway, Orlando, FL 32819 

8333 NW 53rd St, Doral, FL 33166 

100 SE 2nd Street, Miami, FL 33131 

9055 SW 73rd Ct, Miami, FL 33156 

9517 Fontainebleau Blvd., Miami, FL 33172 

The Company has not entered into any sale and
leaseback transactions during the year ended July 31, 2023. 

On
May 17, 2022, the Company extended the office and wireless internet network leases in Coral Gables, Florida. The Company accounted for
the extension as a lease modification. The Company used the discount rate of and
recognized as a day one Right-of-Use asset and liability. These leases are identified in the table above. The leases expire in
 , and at the option of the Company, the leases can be extended for various periods ranging from to years, with a
base rent at the prevailing market rate at the time of the renewal. 

In February 2022, as part of the acquisition
of NLI, the Company secured an office lease, with a monthly base lease payment of . The lease expires in . At the option
of the Company, the lease can be extended for additional five-year terms, with a base rent at the prevailing market rate at the time
of the renewal. The Company is not reasonably certain that it will exercise the renewal option. 

In December 2021, as part of the acquisition of Skynet s
assets, the Company assumed an office lease in San Antonio, Texas. In May 2022, the lease was extended until , and at the
option of the Company, the lease can be extended for a period of years, with a base rent at the prevailing market rate at the time
of the renewal. The Company accounted for the extension as a lease modification. 

Amortization 

Addition - Asset 

ROU Asset 
 July 31, 2023 

Lease Liability 
 July 31, 2022 

Amortization 

Addition - Liability 

Lease Liability 
 July 31, 2023 

Lease Liability 
 Short term 

Lease Liability 
 Long term 

Lease Liability 
 Total: 

Operating lease cost: 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease labilities: 

Operating cashflow from operating leases: 

Weighted-average remain lease term-operating lease: 
 
 years 

Weighted-average discount rate 

F- 36 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total: 

Less: amounts representing interest 

Present value of net minimum operating lease payments 

, were financed under various
financing agreements during the twelve months ended July 31, 2023. The equipment financing is net of costs associated with the assets
such as maintenance, insurance and property taxes are for the account of the Company. The equipment financing agreements are between
twelve (12) months and sixty (60) months, with the first payments starting July 1, 2022, and monthly principal and interest payments
of up to . The interest rate under the financing agreement is per annum. 

Amortization 

Addition - Asset 

ROU Asset 
 July 31, 2023 

Equipment Financing 
 July 31, 2022 

Amortization 

Addition - Equipment Financing 

Equipment Financing 
 July 31, 2023 

Equipment Financing 
 Short term 

Equipment Financing 
 Long term 

Equipment Financing 
 Total: 

F- 37 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total future
 payments: 

Less: amounts representing interest 

Present value of net minimum equipment
 financing payments 

Lease cost: 

Amortization of ROU assets 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease
 liabilities: 

Operating cashflow from equipment financing: 

Financing cashflow from equipment financing: 

Weighted-average remaining lease term - equipment financing: 
 years 

Weighted-average discount rate 

, subject to adjustment as provided in the Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Price ), after all adjustments,
the net Purchase Price was . An amount of in cash, subject to a Net Working Capital Adjustment as defined in the
Purchase Agreement, was paid by Shift8 on the Closing Date. Included within the million cash payment were amounts paid by Shift8
directly to creditors of the Seller as set forth in payoff letters. An additional (the Earn-out Amount was retained
by Shift8 at the Closing and will be paid to Seller in accordance with the Purchase Agreement. An additional (the Holdback
Amount was retained by Shift8 at the Closing and will be paid to Seller in accordance with the Purchase Agreement. Finally, 
(the Share Payment will be paid by Shift8 to Seller by issuance of restricted shares of the Company s common stock
to the Owners. On September 1, 2022, the Company and Sellers amended the Asset Purchase Agreement. In accordance with the amended agreement,
the Share Payment will be made via the issuance of shares on the earlier of (i) the effective date of that certain Registration Statement
on Form S-1 filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 11, 2021 (in which case the stock will be valued
at the price set forth in the prospectus that is a part of such Registration Statement, without underwriter discounts) and (ii) April
30, 2023 (in which case the stock will be valued at the average of the last transaction price on the OTCQB for each of the 10 trading
days immediately preceding such issuance date). At closing, the Company recorded as an acquisition payable. 

In addition, the Company incurred approximately 
in costs associated with the Skynet Asset acquisition. These costs, which included legal, regulatory and accounting costs were expensed
in the selling, general, and administrative and legal and professional fees line items of the statement of operations during the year
ended July 31, 2022, and is included as part of the operating expenses section of the statement of operations. 

As part of the acquisitions of Skynet s
assets, the Company secured an office lease, with monthly base lease payment of from July 1, 2021, through June 30, 2022, and a
monthly base lease payment of from July 1, 2022, through September 30, 2022. The lease expires in September 2022, and at the option
of the Company, the lease can be extended for a period of five years, with a base rent at the prevailing market rate at the time of the
renewal. In May 2022, the lease was modified; refer to Note 13 of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 38 

million
consisting of: (i) million in cash which includes payoff of certain indebtedness held at closing by Next Level and certain transaction
expenses; (ii) unsecured promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of million issued by T3 to the Sellers (the Unsecured
Notes with such notes payable in eight equal quarterly installments in the aggregate amount of each starting on June
15, 2022 through and including March 16, 2024. With a base annual interest rate of and a default annual interest rate of . The amount
owed is subject to change based on certain revenue milestones needing to be met by NLI; and (iii) unsecured convertible promissory notes
(the Convertible Notes in the aggregate principal amount of million issued by T3 to the Sellers with such notes payable
in eight equal quarterly installments in the aggregate amount of each starting on July 31, 2022 through and including January
31, 2024 with a base annual interest rate of and a default annual interest rate of . The Sellers have a one-time right to convert
all or a portion of the Convertible Notes commencing on the six-month anniversary of the notes being issued and ending 30 days after such
six-month anniversary. If the Sellers elect to convert the notes, T3 is required to make an additional payment of . The Sellers 
right to convert the notes has expired as of the date of this report. The conversion price is the volume weighted average price per share
for the ten (10) consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date on which a conversion notice is received by T3. 

T3 paid million in cash to the Sellers on
the closing date of February 4, 2022. 

In addition, 120 days after the closing of the
transaction, T3 will pay the Sellers the amount by which net working capital deficit is better than million or the Sellers will
pay T3 the amount by which net working capital deficit is worse than million. As of July 31, 2022, the Company and the sellers agreed
that there is no purchase price adjustment required. 

In addition, the Company incurred approximately 
in costs associated with the Next Level Internet Acquisition. These costs, which included legal, regulatory, and accounting costs, were
expensed in the selling, general, and administrative and legal and professional fees line items of the statement of operations as operating
expenses during the year ended July 31, 2022, and is included as part of the operating expenses section of the statement of operations. 

As part of the acquisition of NLI, the Company
secured an office lease, with a monthly base lease payment of . The lease expires on March 11, 2026. At the option of the Company,
the lease can be extended for two additional five-year terms, with a base rent at the prevailing market rate at the time of the renewal. 

The total purchase price for Skynet and Next Level
Internet were and , respectively. The acquisitions were accounted for under the purchase method of accounting, with
Digerati identified as the acquirer. Under the purchase method of accounting, the aggregate amount of consideration assumed by Digerati
was allocated to customer contracts acquired and other intangible assets based on their estimated fair values as of acquisition dates.
Allocation of the purchase price is based on the final assessment by management. 

Accounts receivable, net 

Current Assets 

Intangible assets and Goodwill 

Property and Equipment, net 

Total other current assets 

Total identifiable assets 

Less: Liabilities assumed 

Total Purchase price, net 

F- 39 

- 
 
 Customer Relationships 

- 
 
 Non-Compete Agreement 

Goodwill 

-

Total intangible assets 

Proforma 

The
following is the unaudited proforma consolidated results of operations for both acquisitions for the year ended July 31, 2022 as if the
acquisitions occurred on August 1, 2021. The proforma results of operations are presented for informational purposes only and are not
indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisitions had taken place on August 1, 2021, or of results
that may occur in the future. Skynet and Next Level Internet contributed revenues of and earnings of to the Company
from their acquisition dates through July 31, 2022. 

Income (loss) from operations 

Net income (loss) 

Earnings (loss) per common share-Basic and Diluted

shares of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. Each share
of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock has a par value of per share and a stated value equal to one dollar (the Stated
Value and are entitled to a dividend at an annual rate of eight percent per share. The Company had shares of the Convertible
Series A Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of July 31, 2023. 

The Conversion Price 
at which shares of common stock were issuable upon conversion of any shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall be per
share. 

On May 24, 2022, the Company filed a Certificate
of Correction with the Nevada Secretary of State with regard to the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate
of Designation originally filed in August 2020. 

The Certificate of Correction was filed to correct,
among other provisions, certain dates, to correct the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock s initial conversion price (it is ,
and the conversion price is not related to any offering), the date that dividends commenced being paid, to correct the mandatory conversion
provisions (with such provision not related to a listing of the common stock on a national securities exchange). 

During the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company
issued shares of common stock to various Series A Preferred Shareholders who converted Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock shares and of accrued dividends. 

F- 40 

shares of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. The Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock is only issuable to the Company s debt holders as of March 25, 2020 Existing Debt Holders who may purchase shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock at the Stated Value by converting all or part of the debt owed to them
by the Corporation as of March 25, 2020. Each share of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock has a par value of per share and a
stated value equal to one dollar (the Stated Value ). 

The Company had 
shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of July 31, 2023 and 2022. No dividends are payable on the Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock. 

The terms of our Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock allow for: 

Mandatory Conversion . Upon 

F- 41 

shares of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. Each share
of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock has a par value of per share and a stated value equal to ten dollars (the Stated
Value ). 

The Company had 
shares of Convertible Series C Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of July 31, 2023 and 2022. No dividends are payable on the
Convertible Series C Convertible Preferred Stock. 

The terms of our Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock allow for: 

Automatic Conversion. Upon 

F- 42 

shares of the Series F Super Voting Preferred Stock. Each share
of Series F Super Voting Preferred Stock has a par value of per share and a stated value equal to one cent (the Stated
Value ). 

The Company had 
and shares of the Series F Super Voting Preferred Stock outstanding as of July 31, 2023 and 2022. No dividends are payable on the
Series F Super Voting Preferred Stock. 

The terms of our Series F Super Voting Preferred
Stock allow for: 

Voting Rights. As long as any shares
of Series F Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote of the Holders of a majority of
the then outstanding shares of the Series F Preferred Stock, (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to
the Series F Preferred Stock or alter or amend this Certificate of Designation, (b) amend its certificate of incorporation or other charter
documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the Holders, (c) increase the number of authorized shares of Series F Preferred
Stock, (d) sell or otherwise dispose of any assets of the Corporation not in the ordinary course of business, (e) sell or otherwise effect
or undergo any change of control of the corporation, (f) effect a reverse split of its common stock, or (g) enter into any agreement
with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Holder of the Series F Preferred Stock shall be entitled
to vote on all matters subject to a vote or written consent of the holders of the Corporation s common stock, and on all such matters,
the shares of Series F Preferred Stock shall be entitled to that number of votes equal to the number of votes that all issued and outstanding
shares of common stock and all other securities of the Corporation are entitled to, as of any such date of determination, on a fully
diluted basis, plus one million ) votes, it being the intention that the Holders of the Series F Preferred Stock shall
have effective voting control of the Corporation. The Holders of the Series F Preferred Stock shall vote together with the holders of
common stock as a single class on all matters requiring approval of the holders of the Corporation s common stock and separately
on matters not requiring the approval of holders of the Corporation s common stock. 

Conversion. No conversion rights apply to the Series
F Preferred Stock. 

shares of common stock in connection with new convertible promissory notes. At the time of issuance, the Company recognized
the relative fair market value of the common shares of approximately as debt discount, and it will be amortized to interest
expense during the term of the promissory notes. 

During the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company
issued shares of common stock as consideration for the extension of maturity dates for the convertible promissory notes. The
Company recognized the fair market value of the common shares of approximately which was recognized as interest at the time
of each extension. 

During the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company
issued shares of common stock to various individuals for the exercise of warrants, with an exercise price of per
warrant and secured in proceeds. 

F- 43 

shares of common stock to one individual for the exercise of stock options, with an exercise price of 
per share and secured in proceeds. 

During the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company
issued shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of of convertible promissory notes. 

During the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company
issued shares of common stock to various Series A Preferred Shareholders who converted Series A Convertible Preferred
Stock shares and of accrued dividends. 

During the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company
issued shares of common stock in conjunction with incentive plan accomplishments. 

Issuance of common stock during the year ended
July 31, 2022: 

During the year ended July 31, 2022, the Company
issued shares of common stock in connection with new convertible promissory notes. At the time of issuance, the Company recognized
the relative fair market value of the common shares of approximately as debt discount, and it will be amortized to interest
expense during the term of the promissory notes. 

During the year ended July 31, 2022, the Company
issued shares of common stock as consideration for the extension of maturity dates for the convertible promissory notes. The
Company recognized the fair market value of the common shares of approximately which was recognized as interest at the time of
each extension. 

During the year ended July 31, 2022, the Company
issued a total of shares of common stock for the professional services provided by a consultant. At the time of issuance, the
fair market value of the common stock issued was . 

and the amendment fee for Term Loan C is . The amendment fee shall be additional interest
that shall be capitalized and added to the outstanding principal amounts of Term Loan A and Term Loan C, as of the effective date. 

On November 22, 2023 (with effect from November
2, 2023), the Verve Cloud Nevada Parties, Digerati and Post Road entered into a Second Forbearance Agreement, Amendment to Loan Documents
and Limited Consent, which (a) extends the maturity date of our Term Loan C Note with Post Road from November 2, 2023, to December 31,
2023, (b) provides that Post Road and the other lenders under the Credit Agreement shall forbear through December 31, 2023 from exercising
their rights and remedies under the loan documents and applicable law with respect to (i) certain existing events of default under the
loan documents and (ii) certain events of default that are expected to arise before December 31, 2023, and (c) amends certain provisions
of the Credit Agreement and the other loan documents to allow the company to incur up to an additional of working capital
financing. 

Promissory Note Extensions 

On August 4, 2023, the Company amended its Promissory
Note (amendment #9) with TV Fund VII, LP in which the maturity date was extended to January 31, 2024. 

On September 6, 2023, Noteholders of promissory notes for 
each (Blue Ocean Investments, LLC and Graham A. Gardner), originally dated January 24, 2023, agreed to extend the maturity date until
 in exchange for the issuance of shares of common stock for each Noteholder, all other terms remained the same.
The maturity date for these notes was extended to December 31, 2023. See paragraph below. 

Subsequent
to July 31, 2023, the Company amended its past due promissory notes with 3BRT Investments, LP, Skynet Telecom, LLC, Tysadco Partners,
LLC, Clearthink Capital Partners, LLC, Jerry and Lisa Morris Revocable Trust Dated November 18, 2002, Jeffrey Posner, Jefferson Street
Capital, LLC, MGR Limited Partnership, LGH Investments, LLC, Lucas Ventures, LLC, Blue Ocean Investments, LLC, Graham A. Gardner, FirstFire
Global Opportunities Fund, LLC, Platinum Point Capital, LLC, Mast Hill Fund, LP, and Post Road Group (collectively,
the Lenders) to extend the maturity dates to December 31, 2023 (the forbearance termination date ). The Lenders agreed to
forbear from exercising any rights and remedies they may have under the conditions of their respective notes until the forbearance termination
date. 

F- 44 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

In accordance with Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e), we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered
by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective as of July 31, 2023. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined
in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as a process designed by, or under
the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company s Board,
management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately
 and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary
 to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
 America and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
 directors of the company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
 of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
 statements. 

Because of its inherent
limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent
limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial
statement preparation and presentation. Because of the inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material misstatements
may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations
are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though
not eliminate, this risk. 

As of July 31, 2023, management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established
in Internal Control--Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on that evaluation, management concluded that, as of the end of the fiscal year
covered by this report; such internal controls and procedures were not effective based on the COSO criteria. This was due to deficiencies
that existed in the design or operation of our internal controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls
and that may be considered to be material weaknesses. 

20 

The matters involving
internal controls and procedures that our management considered to be material weaknesses were: 

1. We do not have sufficient
 segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. We
 lack multiple levels of review over financial reporting. Due to our size and nature, segregation
 of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible.
 However, to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and
 the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals. Management evaluated
 the impact of our failure to have segregation of duties on our assessment of our disclosure
 controls and procedures and concluded that the controls deficiency and lack of multiple levels
 of review over financial reporting represented a material weakness. 

The aforementioned material
weaknesses were identified by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer in connection with the review of our internal statements
as of July 31, 2023. 

Management s
Remediation Initiatives 

In an effort to remediate
the identified material weaknesses and other deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated the following: 

(1) 
 We
 have created specific titles and established specific roles for each of our accounting and finance team members which will allow
 for a segregation of duties consistent with controls objectives and to increase our personnel resources and technical accounting
 expertise within the accounting function. In addition, we intend to improve the supervision and training of our accounting personnel. 

(2) 
 We
 intend to enact a dual level of review of our financial reporting to ensure the accuracy of our financial statements within a fair
 level of materiality. 

We are continuing our efforts to improve and strengthen
our control processes and procedures to fully remedy these deficiencies. Our management and directors will continue to work with our
auditors and other outside advisors to ensure that our controls and procedures are adequate and effective. 

The Company is not required
by current SEC rules to include and does not include an auditor s attestation report. The Company s registered public accounting
firm has not attested to management s reports on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

Except as described above,
there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended July 31, 2023, that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

Second Forbearance Agreement, Amendment to Loan Documents and Limited
Consent 

On November 22, 2023 (with effect from November
2, 2023), the Verve Cloud Nevada Parties, Digerati and Post Road entered into a Second Forbearance Agreement, Amendment to Loan Documents
and Limited Consent (the Second Forbearance Agreement ), which (a) extends the maturity date of our Term Loan C Note with
Post Road from November 2, 2023, to December 31, 2023, (b) provides that Post Road and the other lenders under the Credit Agreement shall
forbear through December 31, 2023 from exercising their rights and remedies under the loan documents and applicable law with respect to
(i) certain existing events of default under the loan documents and (ii) certain events of default that are expected to arise before December
31, 2023 (collectively, the Specified Defaults ), and (c) amends certain provisions of the Credit Agreement and the other
loan documents to allow the Company to incur up to an additional 2,000,000 of working capital financing. 

The Specified Defaults under the Second Forbearance
Agreement include (a) existing events of default arising as a result of the Verve Cloud Nevada Parties failing to comply with the financial
covenants under the Credit Agreement and certain operating and reporting covenants under the Credit Agreement and other loan documents
(including as a result of incurring certain indebtedness that the loan documents did not permit and failure to provide notice to Post
Road of certain entity name changes), (b) the previously disclosed existing events of default (all of which remain outstanding and unwaived)
that were the subject of the Forbearance Agreement and Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 13, 2022, among the Verve
Cloud Nevada Parties, the lenders party thereto and Post Road, and the Consent, Limited Waiver and Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement
and Amendment to Notes, dated as of February 9, 2023, among the Verve Cloud Nevada Parties, the lenders party thereto and Post Road and
(c) events of default that are expected to arise between the date of the Second Forbearance Agreement and December 31, 2023 (including
noncompliance with financial covenants and certain reporting requirements). 

21 

The forbearance provided under the Second Forbearance
Agreement will expire on the earliest to occur of (a) December 31, 2023, (b) any other event of default not constituting a Specified Default
enumerated in the Forbearance Agreement or (c) any failure of any Verve Cloud Nevada Party or Digerati to comply with any aspect of the
Second Forbearance Agreement. The Second Forbearance Agreement does not waive the Specified Defaults nor does it impair the ability of
Post Road to exercise its rights and remedies after the expiration of the forbearance. After the expiration of the forbearance provided
under the Second Forbearance Agreement, Post Road will be immediately entitled to exercise any and all rights and remedies it has under
the loan documents and applicable law, including the right to foreclose on some or all of our assets. 

As a condition to entering into the Second Forbearance
Agreement, Digerati entered into extension and forbearance agreements with the holders of our convertible notes providing that the maturity
date of all outstanding amounts thereunder are extended through December 31, 2023, and that such holders agree to forbear from exercising
their rights and remedies under the convertible notes and applicable law through December 31, 2023. These agreements are described below
under Extension and Forbearance Agreements with Holders of Convertible Notes . 

With the extension of the maturity date of our
Term Loan C Note payable to Post Road from November 2, 2023, to December 31, 2023, the Term Loan C Note will require a full principal
payment and accrued interest by the maturity date. We intend to work with our equity partners to secure additional financings to meet
this obligation by the maturity date. In addition, we intend to work with our lender on the current terms to the Term Loan C Note, to
further extend the maturity date or restructure the terms of the note. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to raise
additional funds or raise them on acceptable terms to meet the cash payment requirements of the Term Loan C Note. In addition, there can
be no assurance that we will be able to restructure the terms or further extend the maturity date of the Term Loan C Note with Post Road.
If the Company is not able to restructure the financing or repay the Term Loan C Note by the December 31, 2023 maturity date and Post
Road chooses to exercise its rights and remedies under the loan documents, it would have a material adverse effect on our business and
financial condition, including the possibility of Post Road foreclosing on some or all of our assets. 

The foregoing summary of the Second Forbearance
Agreement contains only a brief description of the material terms of the Second Forbearance Agreement and such description is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Second Forbearance Agreement, filed herewith as Exhibit 10.44 and incorporated by
reference herein. 

Extension and Forbearance Agreements with Holders of Convertible
Notes 

As a condition to entering into the Second Forbearance
Agreement, Digerati entered into an Extension and Forbearance Agreement, each dated as of November 22, 2023, with each holder of its convertible
notes. Each holder s Extension and Forbearance Agreement is identical in all material respects to the Extension and Forbearance
Agreements of each other holder. Under the Extension and Forbearance Agreements, each holder of a convertible note agreed that (a) all
payments otherwise due and payable under such convertible note prior to December 31, 2023 would, instead, be due and payable on December
31, 2023, and (b) such holder will forbear from exercising its rights and remedies under its convertible notes and applicable law with
respect to all existing defaults as of November 22, 2023, and certain future defaults expected to arise prior to December 31, 2023, through
December 31, 2023. 

The Extension and Forbearance Agreements do not
waive any existing defaults nor do they impair the ability of any holder of a convertible note to exercise its rights and remedies after
the expiration of the forbearance. After the expiration of the forbearance provided under each Extension and Forbearance Agreement, the
holder of the applicable convertible note will be immediately entitled to exercise any and all rights and remedies it has under its note
and applicable law. 

The foregoing summary of each Extension and Forbearance
Agreement contains only a brief description of the material terms of each Extension and Forbearance Agreement and such description is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Form of Extension and Forbearance Agreement, filed herewith as Exhibit
10.45 and incorporated by reference herein. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

22 

PART III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The following table contains the name, age of
our Directors and executive officers as of July 31, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position
 Held 
 
 Held
 Office Since 
 
 Arthur L. Smith 
 
 58 
 
 Chief Executive Officer
 Director 
 (currently on temporary medical leave) 
 
 2003 
 
 Craig K. Clement 
 
 65 
 
 Executive Chairman of the
 Board of Directors 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2014 
 
 Maxwell A. Polinsky 
 
 65 
 
 Director 
 
 2014 
 
 Antonio Estrada Jr. 
 
 48 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2007 

Arthur L. Smith (58) is our Chief Executive
Officer and a Director. Currently, Mr. Smith is out on temporary medical leave. The timing of Mr. Smith s return and recovery
remains uncertain. Mr. Clement has taken the role of Interim CEO while Mr. Smith is out on temporary medical leave (effective October
6, 2023). Mr. Smith resigned as the Company s President on October 3, 2022. Mr. Smith has over 25 years of specialized experience
in the telecommunications, technology, and oil and gas industries. As the founder of Digerati, formerly known as ATSI Communications,
Inc. ATSI ), he led the Company s start-up operation focused on the USA Mexico telecommunications corridor
to over US 65 million in annual revenue and a listing on the American Stock Exchange that resulted in a market value of over US 450
million. Between 1999 and 2009, ATSI was a three-time recipient of Deloitte and Touche s Fast 500 Award for recognition as
one of the 500 fastest growing technology companies in North America. As CEO of ATSI, Mr. Smith also co-founded the Company s
highly successful Internet software subsidiary, GlobalSCAPE, Inc., in 1996. As Chairman of the Board of GlobalSCAPE, he led the Company s
strategic and business development efforts from inception through its growth strategy that resulted in a listing on a public stock exchange and
the subsequent sale of ATSI s ownership to private investors in June 2002. Mr. Smith is currently CEO of the Company s
cloud communications subsidiary, Verve Cloud, Inc. (a Nevada corporation). 

Craig K. Clement (65)
is the Executive Chairman of Digerati Technologies Interim CEO. Mr. Clement is currently the Company s Interim CEO while
Mr. Smith is out on temporary medical leave (effective October 6, 2023). Craig has over thirty-five years of executive and director experience
with technology (telecom, Internet software) and il exploration and production (E P) entities where he has been responsible for asset
management, acquisitions and divestitures, strategic and tactical planning, financial operations, corporate finance, legal, transaction
structuring, business development, and investor relations. He assisted in the growth of a San Antonio-based telecom provider from 10
employees to 500, achieving a public market valuation of US 500 million. Craig was the founding CEO of GlobalSCAPE, Inc., and was
the former COO of XPEL, Inc. Craig was also the former Chairman of the South Texas Regional Center for Innovation and Commercialization,
which screened and supported entrepreneurs through the Texas Emerging Technology Fund managed by the Texas Governor s office, which
invested more than 350 million in Texas-based technology start-ups. 

Maxwell A. Polinsky (65) is a Director. Mr.
Polinsky is currently the President, Chief Financial Officer and a Director of Winston Gold Corp, a Canadian-based mineral exploration
company that is traded on the CSE Exchange, and a principal in Venbanc Investment and Management Group Inc., an investment and merchant
bank he co-founded in 1994. From 2009 to 2011, Mr. Polinsky was the Chief Financial Officer and a director of RX Exploration Inc., a
company that successfully re-opened the previous old historic Drumlummon gold mine in Montana. Mr. Polinsky also served as a director
of Nerium Biotechnology from 2006 to 2010, XPEL, Inc. from 2003 to 2009, Nighthawk Systems from 2001 to 2007 and Cougar Minerals from
2012 to 2014. Mr. Polinsky holds a Bachelor of Commerce degree from the University of Manitoba. 

Antonio Estrada Jr. (48) is our Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer. Mr. Estrada is a seasoned financial executive with over 25 years of experience in the telecommunications
and oil and gas industries. Mr. Estrada s vast experience includes financial reporting and modeling, strategic planning, grant
writing, and cash management. Mr. Estrada served as the Sr. VP of Finance and Corporate Controller of Digerati, formerly known as ATSI
Communications, Inc., from 2008 to 2013. From 1999 to 2008, Mr. Estrada served in various roles within ATSI, including International
Accounting Manager, Treasurer, Internal Auditor, and Controller. Mr. Estrada graduated from the University of Texas at San Antonio, with
a Bachelor of Business Administration, with a concentration in Accounting. 

23 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among any of
our officers or directors. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended, requires our Directors and executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity
securities to file various reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission concerning their holdings of, and transactions in, securities
we issued. Each such person is required to provide us with copies of the reports filed. Based on a review of the copies of such forms
furnished to us and other information we believe that none of our officers, Directors, or owners of 10 of any class of our securities
failed to report transactions in our securities or reported transactions in our securities late, with the following exceptions. 

Mr.
 Smith was not timely in the filing of (i the Statement of Changes in Beneficial Ownership on Form 4
 Form 4 to report his option awards that were granted during the year ended
 July 31, 2019; (ii) Form 4 to report his option awards that were granted during the year
 ended July 31, 2020; (iii) Form 4 to report his option awards that were granted during the
 year ended July 31, 2023; and (iv) Form 4 to report his stock awards that were granted during
 the year ended July 31, 2023. 

Mr.
 Estrada was not timely in the filing of (i Form 4 to report his option awards that were granted during
 the year ended July 31, 2019; (ii) Form 4 to report his option awards that were granted during
 the year ended July 31, 2020; (iii) Form 4 to report his option awards that were granted
 during the year ended July 31, 2023; and (iv) Form 4 to report his stock awards that were
 granted during the year ended July 31, 2023. 

Mr.
 Clement was not timely in the filing of (i Form 4 to report his option awards that were granted during
 the year ended July 31, 2019; (ii) Form 4 to report his option awards that were granted during
 the year ended July 31, 2020; (iii) Form 4 to report his option awards that were granted
 during the year ended July 31, 2023; and (iv) Form 4 to report his stock awards that were
 granted during the year ended July 31, 2023. 

Code of Ethics 

We adopted an Executive Code of Ethics that applies
to the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Controller, and other members of our management team. The Executive
Code of Ethics may be viewed on our Website, www.digerati-inc.com. A copy of the Executive Code of Ethics will be provided without charge
upon written request to Digerati Technologies, Inc., 8023 Vantage Dr, Suite 660, San Antonio, Texas 78230. 

Any waiver granted by the Company to its Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Controller, or other members of our management team under the Executive Code of
Ethics and certain amendments to the Executive Code of Ethics, will be disclosed on our Website, www.digerati-inc.com, within the period
required by applicable rules. 

Nominating Committee and Nomination of
Directors 

We do not have a nominating committee because
the size of our Board of Directors is too small to establish separate standing committees. Our Board of Directors performs all function
of a nominating committee. 

The Directors consider candidates recommended
by other members of the Board of Directors, by executive officers and by one or more substantial, long-term stockholders. In addition,
the Board of Directors may seek candidates through a third-party recruiter. Generally, stockholders who individually or as a group have
held 5 of our shares for over one year will be considered substantial, long-term stockholders. In considering candidates, the Directors
take into consideration the needs of the Board of Directors and the qualifications of the candidate. The Board of Directors has not established
a set of criteria or minimum qualifications for candidacy and each candidate is considered based on the demonstrated competence and knowledge
of the individual. To have a candidate considered by the Directors, a stockholder must submit the recommendation in writing and must
include the following information: 

The
 name of the stockholder and evidence of ownership of our shares, including the number of
 shares owned and the length of time of ownership; and 

The
 name of the candidate, the candidate s resume or a listing of her or his qualifications
 to be one of our Directors and the person s consent to be named as a Director if nominated
 by the Directors. 

The stockholder s recommendation and information
described above must be sent to us at 8023 Vantage Dr, Suite 660, San Antonio, Texas 78230. 

Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial
Expert 

We do not have an audit or other committee of
our Board of Directors that performs equivalent functions. Our Board of Directors performs all functions of the audit committee. Mr.
Maxwell A. Polinsky served as the Audit Committee Financial Expert during the year ended July 31, 2023. 

24 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The compensation programs presently in effect
with respect to the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board were established by the Board of Directors. 

Arthur L. Smith serves as our President and Chief
Executive Officer. Currently, Mr. Smith is on temporary medical leave and Mr. Clement is the Company s interim CEO while Mr. Smith
is out (effective October 6, 2023). On February 14, 2019, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Smith, which set
his annual salary at 200,000. Mr. Smith s salary was increased to 235,000 per year effective on August 1, 2023. In addition,
the Board of Directors during fiscal year 2015 approved the reimbursement of monthly expenses up to 1,667. Below are other compensation
and benefits for Mr. Smith in accordance with the employment agreement: 

(1) Stock Grant. In fiscal
year 2019, Mr. Smith received at the execution of the employment agreement 450,000 shares of common stock. The stock grant vested during
fiscal year 2022 upon the Company achieving 15 million in annualized revenue. 

(2) Acquisitions Stipend .
 Mr. Smith shall receive a 2 stipend on revenue from acquisition transactions approved by the Board of Directors and closed by the
Company. Acquisition revenue will be calculated based on the trailing twelve months (TIM) revenue of the company or assets (stock or
asset purchase) acquired by the Company. The stipend for acquisitions will be capped at 200 of Mr. Smith s annual base salary.
Mr. Smith may elect to receive common stock in the Company in lieu of a cash payment for the acquisition stipend or apply the stipend
towards the exercise of vested stock options in a cashless transaction. The stipend shall be considered fully earned at the closing of
each acquisition and paid within 10 business days from such event. For acquisition transactions closed prior to the signing of the employment
agreement, the stipend shall be paid within 6 months of the signing of the employment agreement or under terms mutually agreed upon between
Mr. Smith and the Company. The stipend for acquisitions is subject to review and approval by the Board of Directors of the Company on
an annual basis commencing August 1, 2019. 

(3) Up-Listing Stipend. 
Mr. Smith shall receive a one-time payment of 75,000 upon the Company listing on a primary stock exchange (e.g., NASDAQ or NYSE American).
Mr. Smith may elect to receive common stock in the Company in lieu of a cash payment for this up-listing stipend or apply the stipend
towards the exercise of vested stock options in a cash-less transaction. The stipend shall be considered fully earned upon initial listing
in a primary stock exchange and paid within 10 business days from such event. 

(4) Signing Bonus Stock Options .
 In fiscal year 2019, Mr. Smith received 585,000 stock options as of the effective date of the employment agreement. The stock options
have already vested. 

(5) Additional Compensation .
 In the event of a Spin-Off (as defined below), Mr. Smith shall be entitled to receive 3 of the consideration payable to, and/or
received by, the Company or its shareholders in a Spin-Off (calculated and paid from the total shares or cash to be distributed), which
payment shall be made to Mr. Smith on the closing of the Spin-Off date. A Spin-Off means the sale of a subsidiary or distribution
of shares of capital stock to the shareholders of the Company that the Company owns in a subsidiary, whether it is 100 of the ownership
or a lesser amount. 

(6) Severance Benefits . In
the event that Mr. Smith s employment is terminated by for Good Reason, the Company shall (A) pay Mr. Smith a cash amount equal
to his base salary for a period of twelve (12) months plus one (1) month for each year of employment with the Company; (B) continue coverage
under Company s group health, life and disability plan and contribute the Company s cost of such coverage for a period of
twelve (12) months plus one (1) month for each year of employment by the Company (or pay such amount to Mr. Smith as reimbursement for
the costs of continuing coverage under COBRA or obtaining comparable independent coverage); and (C) all options, grants, or other rights
issued to Mr. Smith under the Company s Stock Compensation Plan, incentive compensation plan, or other benefit plans shall immediately
vest and be exercisable for the lesser of twelve (12) months plus one (1) month for each year of employment or the remaining term of
such rights, whichever is less. 

25 

Antonio Estrada Jr. serves as our Chief Financial
Officer. On February 14, 2019, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Estrada, which set his annual salary at 185,000.
Mr. Estrada s salary was increased to 215,000 per year effective on August 1, 2023. In addition, the Board of Directors during
fiscal year 2015 approved the reimbursement of monthly expenses up to 1,667. Below are other compensation and benefits for Mr. Estrada
in accordance with the employment agreement: 

(1) Stock Grant. In fiscal
year 2019, Mr. Estrada received at the execution of the employment agreement 350,000 shares of common stock. The stock grant vested during
fiscal year 2022 upon the Company achieving 15 million in annualized revenue. 

(2) Acquisition Stipend .
 Employee shall receive a 1 stipend on revenue from acquisition transactions approved by the Board of Directors and closed by the
Company. Acquisition revenue will be calculated based on the trailing twelve months (TTM) revenue of the company or assets (stock or
asset purchase) acquired by the Company. The stipend for acquisitions will be capped at 200 of Mr. Estrada s annual base salary.
Mr. Estrada may elect to receive common stock in the Company in lieu of a cash payment for the acquisition stipend or apply the stipend
towards the exercise of vested stock options in a cashless transaction. The stipend shall be considered fully earned at the closing of
each acquisition and paid within 10 business days from such event. For acquisition transactions closed prior to the signing of the employment
agreement, the stipend shall be paid within 6 months of the signing of the employment agreement or under terms mutually agreed upon between
Mr. Estrada and the Company. The stipend for acquisitions is subject to review and approval by the Board of Directors of the Company
on an annual basis commencing August 1, 2019. 

(3) Up-Listing Stipend. 
Mr. Estrada shall receive a one-time payment of 60,000 upon the Company listing on a primary stock exchange (e.g., NASDAQ or NYSE American).
Mr. Estrada may elect to receive common stock in the Company in lieu of a cash payment for this up-listing stipend or apply the stipend
towards the exercise of vested stock options in a cash-less transaction. The stipend shall be considered fully earned upon initial listing
in a primary stock exchange and paid within 10 business days from such event. 

(4) Signing Bonus Stock Options.
 In fiscal year 2019, Mr. Estrada received 520,000 stock options as of the effective date of the employment agreement. The stock
options have already vested. 

(5) Additional Compensation .
 In the event of a Spin-Off, Mr. Estrada shall be entitled to receive 1.25 of the consideration payable to, and/or received by, the
Company or its shareholders in a Spin-Off (calculated and paid from the total shares or cash to be distributed), which payment shall
be made to Mr. Estrada on the closing of the Spin-Off date. 

(6) Severance Benefits . In
the event that Mr. Estrada s employment is terminated by for Good Reason, the Company shall (A) pay Mr. Estrada a cash amount equal
to his base salary for a period of twelve (12) months plus one (1) month for each year of employment with the Company; (B) continue coverage
under Company s group health, life and disability plan and contribute the Company s cost of such coverage for a period of
twelve (12) months plus one (1) month for each year of employment by the Company (or pay such amount to Mr. Estrada as reimbursement
for the costs of continuing coverage under COBRA or obtaining comparable independent coverage); and (C) all options, grants, or other
rights issued to Mr. Estrada under the Company s Stock Compensation Plan, incentive compensation plan, or other benefit plans shall
immediately vest and be exercisable for the lesser of twelve (12) months plus one (1) month for each year of employment or the remaining
term of such rights, whichever is less. 

Craig K. Clement serves as our Executive Chairman
of the Board of Directors and is currently the interim CEO while Mr. Smith is out on temporary medical leave (effective October 6, 2023).
On February 14, 2019, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Clement, which set his annual salary at 210,000. Mr.
Clement s salary was increased by 2,500 a month effective October 2023 during the period Mr. Clement serves as interim CEO as
a result of Mr. Smith s temporary medical leave of absence. During fiscal year 2020 the Board of Directors approved the issuance
of common stock in lieu of cash compensation equivalents up to 50 of Mr. Clement s annual salary. No other cash compensation is
presently being paid to Mr. Clement. 

26 

Below are other compensation and benefits for
Mr. Clement in accordance with his employment agreement: 

(1) Stock Grant . In fiscal
year 2019, Mr. Clement received at the execution of the employment agreement 550,000 shares of common stock. The Stock Grant vested during
fiscal year 2022 upon the Company achieving 15 million in annualized revenue. 

(2) Mr. Clement will receive a one-time
cash bonus of 100,000 upon the Company s common shares reaching a 4.00 trading price per share for l0 consecutive trading days.
The 4.00 trading price per share will be adjusted for any forward or reverse split of the Company s stock. Mr. Clement may elect
to receive common stock in the Company in lieu of a cash payment for the share price bonus or apply the bonus towards the exercise of
vested stock options in a cash-less transaction. 

(3) Up-Listing Stipend . Mr.
Clement shall receive a one-time payment of 35,000 upon the Company listing on a primary stock exchange (e.g., NASDAQ or NYSE American).
Mr. Clement may elect to receive common stock in the Company in lieu of a cash payment for this up-listing stipend or apply the stipend
towards the exercise of vested stock options in a cash-less transaction. The stipend shall be considered fully earned upon initial listing
in a primary stock exchange and paid within 10 business days from such event. 

(4) Signing Bonus Stock Options .
 In fiscal year 2019, Mr. Clement received 620,000 stock options as of the effective date of the employment agreement. The stock options
have already vested. 

(5) Additional Compensation .
 In the event of a Spin-Off, Mr. Clement shall be entitled to receive 0.75 of the consideration payable to, and/or received by, the
Company or its shareholders in a Spin-Off (calculated and paid from the total shares or cash to be distributed), which payment shall
be made to Mr. Clement on the closing of the Spin-Off date. 

(6) Severance Benefits . In
the event that Mr. Clement s employment is terminated by for Good Reason, the Company shall (A) pay Mr. Clement a cash amount equal
to his base salary for a period of twelve (12) months plus one (1) month for each year of employment with the Company; (B) continue coverage
under Company s group health, life and disability plan and contribute the Company s cost of such coverage for a period of
twelve (12) months plus one (1) month for each year of employment by the Company (or pay such amount to Mr. Clement as reimbursement
for the costs of continuing coverage under COBRA or obtaining comparable independent coverage); and (C) all options, grants, or other
rights issued to Mr. Clement under the Company s Stock Compensation Plan, incentive compensation plan, or other benefit plans shall
immediately vest and be exercisable for the lesser of twelve (12) months plus one (1) month for each year of employment or the remaining
term of such rights, whichever is less. 

Compensation Discussion and Analysis 

Our compensation programs are designed to meet
the following objectives: 

Offer
 compensation opportunities that attract highly qualified executives, reward outstanding initiative
 and achievement, and retain the leadership and skills necessary to build long-term stockholder
 value; 

Emphasize
 pay-for-performance by maintaining a portion of executives total compensation at risk,
 tied to both our annual and long-term financial performance and the creation of stockholder
 value; and 

Further
 our short and long-term strategic goals and values by aligning executive officer compensation
 with business objectives and individual performance. 

Our Board of Directors believes that an executive s
compensation should be tied to the performance of the individual and the performance of the complete executive team against both financial
and non-financial goals, some of which are subjective and within the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

27 

Our executive compensation program is intended
to be simple and clear, and consists of the following elements (depending on individual performance): 

Base
 salary; 

Annual
 performance-based cash bonus; 

Long-term incentives in the form of stock options; 

Non-standardized Profit-Sharing Plan; and 

Benefits
 that are offered to executives on the same basis as our non-executive employees. 

Role of Management in Determining Compensation
Decisions 

At the request of our Board of Directors, our
management makes recommendations to our Board of Directors relating to executive compensation program design, specific compensation amounts,
bonus targets, incentive plan structure and other executive compensation related matters for each of our executive officers, including
our Chief Executive Officer. Our Board of Directors maintains decision-making authority with respect to these executive compensation
matters. 

Our Board of Directors reviews the recommendations
of our management with respect to total executive compensation and each element of compensation when making pay decisions. In allocating
compensation among compensation elements, we emphasize incentive, not fixed compensation to ensure that executives only receive superior
pay for superior results. We equally value short- and long-term compensation because both short- and long-term results are critical to
our success. In addition, our compensation program includes various benefits provided to all employees, including life insurance, health
insurance and other customary benefits. The objectives and details of why each element of compensation is paid are described below. 

Base Salary. Our objective for paying
base salaries to executives is to reward them for performing the core responsibilities of their positions and to provide a level of security
with respect to a portion of their compensation. We consider a number of factors when setting base salaries for executives, including: 

Existing
 salary levels; 

Competitive
 pay practices; 

Individual
 and corporate performance; and 

Internal
 equity among our executives, taking into consideration their relative contributions to our
 success. 

Annual Performance-Based Cash Bonus. Executives
are eligible to receive annual performance-based cash bonuses such as incentive bonuses that are based on achieving specific metrics such
as reaching certain revenue levels, increased EBITDA by the Company, and Management Bonus Objectives MBO goals. These
bonuses are approved by the Board of Directors of the Company. 

Long-term Incentive Awards. We award long-term
incentive compensation to focus our executives on our long-term growth and stockholder return, as well as to encourage our executives
to remain with us for the long-term. Long-term incentive awards are primarily in the form of grants of stock options and/or stock award
pursuant to our 2015 Equity Compensation Plan (the Plan ). We selected this form because of the favorable accounting and
tax treatment and the expectation of key employees in our industry that they would receive stock options and/or stock grants. We do not
have pre-established target award amounts for long-term incentive grants. In determining long-term incentive awards for the Named Executive
Officers, our Board of Directors relies on recommendations from our Chief Executive Officer, who considers the individual performance
of the executives, the relation of the award to base salary and annual incentive compensation and associated accounting expense. The terms
of and amount of awards are made by our Board of Directors in accordance with the 2015 Stock Option Plan. 

Non-Standardized Profit-Sharing Plan. We
currently provide a Non-Standardized Profit-Sharing Plan, adopted September 15, 2006. Under the plan our employees qualify to participate
in the plan after one year of employment. Contributions under the plan are based on 25 of the annual base salary of each eligible employee
up to 54,000 per year. Contributions under the plan are fully vested upon funding. 

28 

Executive Compensation 

The following table sets forth the compensation
paid to each of our principal executive officer and our other two most highly compensated executive officers (the Named Executive
Officers during the last two completed fiscal years: 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) (1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) (2) 
 Total ) 
 
 Arthur L. Smith 
 2023 
 196,944 
 - 
 - 
 72,078 
 96,350 
 365,372 
 
 Chief Executive Officer Director 
 2022 
 221,641 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 352,154 
 573,795 

Antonio Estrada Jr. 
 2023 
 181,944 
 - 
 - 
 72,078 
 88,150 
 342,172 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 
 206,641 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 176,077 
 382,718 

Craig K. Clement 
 2023 
 190,000 
 - 
 - 
 12,902 
 - 
 202,902 
 
 Chairman of the Board of the Board of Directors 
 2022 
 193,238 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 193,238 

(1) 
 
 During the year ended July 31, 2023, Digerati
issued 5,447,500 options to its Named Executive Officers to acquire common shares at an exercise price of 0.032. The grant date fair
value of the options issued to Mr. Smith, Mr. Estrada, and Mr. Clement, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, were 72,078 and
 72,078, and 12,902, respectively. The options vested immediately on June 1, 2023, and expire on December 1, 2027. 

(2) 
 
 During the year ended July 31, 2023, the Company accrued bonuses to
Mr. Smith and Mr. Estrada with a value of 96,350 and 88,150, respectively, which was calculated by using half of their annualized salary
compensation implemented as of August 1, 2023. The bonuses were the result of achieving certain revenue and EBITDA targets during fiscal
year 2023. During the year ended July 31, 2022, the Company accrued compensation to Mr. Smith and Mr. Estrada with a value of 352,154
and 176,077, respectively, as a stipend for completing the acquisitions in December 2021 and February 2022. The Company anticipates paying
this incentive compensation during fiscal year 2024. 

Our Board of Directors adopted the Plan. Under
the Plan, the Board of Directors may grant up to 15.0 million shares of our common stock to our officers, Directors, employees, and consultants.
Grants may be in the form of incentive stock options, non-statutory stock options, restricted stock awards, and/or unrestricted stock
awards. The number and terms of each award is determined by the Board of Directors, subject to the limitation that the exercise price
of any option may not be less than the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant. 

We currently provide a Non-Standardized Profit-Sharing
Plan (the Profit-Sharing Plan ). The Board of Directors approved the Profit-Sharing Plan on September 15, 2006. Under the
Profit-Sharing Plan our employees qualified to participate in the Profit-Sharing Plan after one year of employment. Contribution under
the Profit-Sharing Plan by us is based on 25 of the annual base salary of each eligible employee up to 54,000 per year. Contributions
under the Profit-Sharing Plan are fully vested upon funding. 

29 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AS OF JULY 31, 2023

The following table includes certain information with respect to the
value of all unexercised options previously awarded to our Named Executive Officers outstanding at the end of the fiscal year, July 31,
2023. There were no stock awards outstanding at the end of the fiscal year, July 31, 2023. 

Option Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable (1) 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable (2) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 
 Arthur L. Smith 
 300,000 
 - 
 0.110 
 07/31/2025 

300,000 
 - 
 0.032 
 12/01/2027 

585,000 
 - 
 0.032 
 12/01/2027 

795,161 
 104,839 
 0.042 
 11/17/2025 

2,500,000 
 - 
 0.032 
 12/01/2027 
 
 Antonio Estrada Jr. 
 300,000 
 - 
 0.110 
 07/31/2025 

300,000 
 - 
 0.032 
 12/01/2027 

520,000 
 - 
 0.032 
 12/01/2027 

706,810 
 93,190 
 0.042 
 11/17/2025 

2,500,00 
 - 
 0.032 
 12/01/2027 
 
 Craig K. Clement 
 300,000 
 - 
 0.110 
 07/31/2025 

300,000 
 - 
 0.032 
 12/01/2027 

620,000 
 - 
 0.032 
 12/01/2027 

447,500 
 - 
 0.032 
 12/01/2027 

(1) During the year ended July 31, 2023, Digerati issued 5,447,500 options to its Named Executive
 Officers to acquire common shares at an exercise price of 0.032. The grant date fair value of the options issued to Mr. Smith, Mr. Estrada, and Mr. Clement were 242,500, 242,500, and 43,408,
 respectively. The options vested immediately on June 1, 2023, and expire on December 1, 2027. 

(2) 
 
 At July 31, 2023, Mr. Smith and Mr. Estrada
had 104,839 and 93,190 options, respectively, which will fully vest and become exercisable on November 17, 2023, and expire on November
17, 2025. 

Compensation of Directors 

Name 
 Fees 
Earned or 
Paid in Cash ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Maxwell A. Polinsky 
 12,000 
 12,000 

Each Director that is not an officer is reimbursed
the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in connection with their travel to attend meetings of the Board of Directors. Each Director that
is not an officer was paid 1,000 per month. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of the Company s executive officers currently serve, or
has served during the last completed fiscal year, on the compensation committee or board of directors of any other entity that has one
or more executive officers serving as a member of the Company s Board of Directors or Compensation Committee. 

30 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table provides information regarding
securities that have been or are authorized to be issued under our equity compensation plans as of July 31, 2023. 

Number of 
 Securities to 
 be Issued 
 Upon 
 Exercise of 
 Outstanding 
 Options, 
 Warrants 
 and Rights 
 Weighted- 
Average 
 Exercise 
 Price of Outstanding 
 Options, 
 Warrants 
 and Rights 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Remaining 
 Available for 
 Future 
 Issuance 
 Under Equity 
 Compensation 
 Plans 

Equity Compensation plans approved by security holders 
 -0- 
 -- 
 -0- 

Equity Compensation Plans not approved by security holders 
 13,805,000 
 0.05 
 -0- 

Total 
 13,805,000 
 0.05 
 -0- 

31 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management 

The following sets forth information as of October
10, 2023, regarding the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person that we know beneficially owns more
than 5 of our outstanding common stock, (ii) each of our directors and Executive Officers and (iii) all of our directors and named executive
officers as a group. 

The number of shares of our common stock and our
Series F Super Voting Preferred Stock beneficially owned by each person and entity identified below is determined under the rules
of the SEC and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial
ownership includes any shares as to which such person or entity has sole or shared voting power or dispositive power and also any shares
over which the individual or entity has the right to acquire sole or shared voting or dispositive power within 60 days, including
through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right. Unless otherwise indicated, each person and entity identified below
has sole voting and dispositive power (or, in the case of individuals, shares such power with his or her spouse) with respect to the shares
set forth in the following table. The inclusion herein of any shares deemed beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial
ownership of those shares. 

Name
 of Beneficial Owner 
 Common 
 Shares Owned Votes 
 Vested 
 Warrants and Options (1) 
 Total 
 Beneficial Ownership 
 Of Class (2) 
 Held 
via 
Warrant 
 Shares
of Series F Super Voting Preferred Stock (3) Votes
 from Series F Super Voting Preferred Stock (3) Total 
 Votes (4) 
 Of Total Votes 5 HOLDERS 

Post Road Special Opportunity Fund II LP - 34,778,273 
 34,778,273 17.68 - - - - 0.00 Post
 Road Special Opportunity Fund II Offshore LP - 11,174,485 11,174,485 6.46 - - - - 0.00 
 INDIVIDUAL OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS Arthur L. Smith 11,474,355 4,480,161 15,954,516 9.59 - 34 55,393,373 66,867,728 20.58 Chief Executive Officer
 Director Antonio Estrada
 Jr. 10,087,936 4,326,810 14,414,746 8.67 - 33 53,764,156 63,852,092 19.66 Chief Financial
 Officer Craig
 K. Clement 
 9,826,444 1,667,500 11,493,944 7.03 
 - 33 53,764,156 63,590,600 19.58 Chairman of the
 Board of Directors Maxwell
 A. Polinsky 81,594 1,272,500 1,354,094 - - - 81,594 Director 
 ALL
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS AS A GROUP 31,470,329 11,746,971 43,217,300 25.29 - 100 162,921,685 194,392,014 59.82 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 
 Vested options are based on 11,746,971 vested
stock options as of October 10, 2023 for all officers, directors, and beneficial owners. 

Vested warrants represent twenty-five percent
 (25 of the Company s shares that are currently outstanding including the shares issuable to Post Road Special Opportunity Fund II
 LP (the PRG Fund and Post Road Special Opportunity Fund II Offshore LP (the PRF Offshore Fund pursuant
 to the exercise of the warrant first issued to the PRG Fund on November 17, 2020. The 107,701,179 warrant shares that PRG Fund reported
 it owned in the Schedule 13D it filed on November 27, 2020 (as amended on March 17, 2021 to reflect a transfer of 24.32 
 of the warrant to the PRF Offshore Fund as a result of which a new warrant was issued (the New Warrant for the other 75.68 
 of the original warrant and as amended on July 13, 2021 to reflect a transfer of 13.19 of the New Warrant to the PRF Offshore Fund; the
 PRG Fund owns a warrant for 65.7 of the original amount and the PRF Offshore Fund owns a warrant for 34.3 of the original amount) represents
 twenty-five percent (25 of the total shares of common stock, calculated on a fully diluted basis, which assumes future share issuances
 that are not certain or not yet contractually obligated to be issued. In addition, twenty-five percent (25 of the 107,701,179 warrant
 shares are not yet vested and subject to forfeiture if the Company achieves certain performance targets which, if achieved, would result
 in the warrant being exercisable into twenty percent (20 of the common stock, calculated on a fully-diluted basis as described
 above. If the minority stockholders of T3 Nevada convert their T3 Nevada shares into shares of the common stock, the number of shares
 into which the warrant may be exercised would also be decreased such that, if the Company also achieves certain performance targets, the
 warrant would be exercisable into fifteen percent (15 of the common stock, calculated on a fully-diluted basis as described above. T3
 Nevada s minority stockholders have an obligation to (and may not otherwise) convert their T3 Nevada shares into shares of the common
 stock upon being asked to do so by the Company at any time after our common stock has a current market price of 1.50 or more per share
 for 20 consecutive trading days. 

(2) Based on 161,921,685 shares of common stock outstanding,
 11,746,971 vested stock options, and 45,952,758 vested warrants as of October 10, 2023. 

(3) 
 Holders of the Series F Preferred Stock shall be entitled to vote
on all matters subject to a vote or written consent of the holders of the Corporation s common stock, and on all such matters, the
shares of Series F Preferred Stock shall be entitled to that number of votes equal to the number of votes that all issued and outstanding
shares of common stock and all other securities of the Corporation are entitled to, as of any such date of determination, on a fully diluted
basis, plus one million (1,000,000) votes. 

(4) Total votes excludes 11,746,971 vested stock options and 45,952,758
vested warrants as of October 10, 2023. 

32 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

For a director to be considered independent according
to the standards set forth in Section 303A.02 of the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual (the NYSE Manual ), the
Board of Directors must affirmatively determine that the director has no material relationship with Digerati, either directly or as a
partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with Digerati. In addition, the NYSE Manual provides that
a director will not be considered independent if, within the preceding three years, the director or an immediate family member (i) was
an employee of Digerati, (ii) received more than 120,000 per year in direct compensation from Digerati, (iii) is affiliated
with or employed by a present or former internal or external auditor of Digerati, (iv) employed as an executive officer of another
company for which an executive officer of Digerati serves on the compensation committee or (v) is an executive officer or employee
that makes payments to or receives payments from Digerati of more than 1,000,000 or two percent of such other company s gross
revenues. 

Our Board of Directors has determined that Digerati
is a controlled company under NYSE rules because more than 50 of our voting stock is held by management. As a controlled
company, we are not required to have majority of independent directors, a fully independent nomination committee, or a fully independent
compensation committee. Digerati takes advantage of these exemptions. 

The Board has determined that Mr. Maxwell A. Polinsky satisfies the
independence requirements in the NYSE Manual because the Board affirmatively determined that he has no material relationship with the
Company, either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company. 

Transactions with Related Persons . Since
the beginning of the Company s last fiscal year, there have been no transactions between the Company and any related persons in
which the amount involved exceed the lesser of 120,000, or 1 , of the average of the Company s total assets at fiscal year end
for the last two completed fiscal years, except as disclosed below. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

Audit Committee Policy Regarding Pre-Approval
of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Our Board of Directors (Mr. Polinsky serves as the Audit Committee
Financial Expert) who performs all the functions of the audit committee has established a policy that generally requires that all audit
and permissible non-audit services provided by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm be pre-approved by the
Audit Committee. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. From the time that
the pre-approval requirements became effective, all permissible non-audit services provided by the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm have been pre-approved by the Company s Audit Committee. Our Audit Committee has considered whether the provision
of services under the heading All Other Fees is compatible with maintaining the accountants independence and determined
that it is consistent with such independence. 

In connection with the audit of the 2023 financial
statements, the Company entered into an engagement agreement with MaloneBailey, LLP MaloneBailey which sets forth the
terms by which MaloneBailey will perform audit services for the Company. 

The fees listed in the table below under Audit
Fees represent fees billed by MaloneBailey for services provided to the Company in connection with the audits of our financial statements
for the fiscal years ended July 31, 2023 and 2022, reviews of the financial statements included in each of our quarterly reports on Form
10-Q, and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements during those years. Audit-Related Fees listed in the table below represent fees billed by MaloneBailey for services
provided to the Company in connection with work performed related to Form S-4 preparation and review for the years ended July 31, 2023
and 2022. 

Description of Fees 
 
 2023 

2022 

Audit Fees 

345,000 

300,000 

Audit-Related Fees 

61,000 

18,000 

Tax fees 

- 

- 

All Other Fees 

- 

- 

Total 

406,000 

318,000 

33 

PART IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

The following documents are exhibits
to this report. 

Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 17, 2023). 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 1, 2023). 
 
 2.3 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 5, 2023). 
 
 2.4 
 
 Amendment No. 4 to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of May 30, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2023). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on April 29, 2021). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective as of January 13, 2015 (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on January 21, 2015). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 29, 2020). 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Correction to the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 21, 2022). 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 3.5 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 29, 2020). 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 3.6 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 29, 2020). 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series F Super Voting Preferred Stock (filed as Exhibit 3.7 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 29, 2020). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock Issued to Post Road Administrative LLC, dated November 17, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2020). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Term Loan A Note, dated December 20, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 17, 2022). 
 
 4.3 
 
 Term Loan C Note for 10,000,000 issued by T3 Communications, Inc. to Post Road Special Opportunity Fund II LP, dated February 4, 2022. (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10, 2022). 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Unsecured Convertible Promissory Note for a Total of 2,000,000 by T3 Communications, Inc. to the Next Level Sellers, dated February 4, 2022. (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10, 2022). 
 
 4.5 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note for 165,000 with Lucas Ventures, LLC dated July 27, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 31, 2022). 
 
 4.6 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note for 75,000 with Tysadco Partners, LLC dated September 12, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 31, 2022). 
 
 4.7 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note for 165,000 with Lucas Ventures, LLC dated October 3, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 31, 2022). 
 
 4.8 
 
 Promissory Note for 150,000 with Derek and Thalia Gietzen dated October 4, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 31, 2022). 
 
 4.9 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note for 275,000 with Platinum Point Capital, LLC dated October 10, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 31, 2022). 
 
 4.10 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note for 350,000 with 3BRT Investments dated October 31, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 15, 2022). 
 
 4.11 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note for 28,500 with LGH Investments dated October 27, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 15, 2022). 
 
 4.12 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note for 71,500 Platinum Point dated October 10, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 15, 2022). 
 
 4.13 
 
 Amendment 1 Convertible Promissory Note for 15,000 with Tysadco Partners, LLC, dated September 16, 2022 (extension of maturity date) (filed as Exhibit 4.8 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 15, 2022).. 
 
 4.14 
 
 Amendment 1 Convertible Promissory Note for 15,000 with Tysadco Partners, LLC, dated September 22, 2022 (extension of maturity date) (filed as Exhibit 4.9 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 15, 2022). 
 
 4.15 
 
 Amendment 1 Convertible Promissory Note for 30,000 with Tysadco Partners, LLC, dated September 16, 2022 (extension of maturity date) (filed as Exhibit 4.10 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 15, 2022). 
 
 4.16 
 
 Amendment 1 Convertible Promissory Note for 30,000 with LGH Investments, LLC, dated October 21, 2022 (extension of maturity date) (filed as Exhibit 4.11 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 15, 2022). 
 
 4.17 
 
 Amendment 1 Convertible Promissory Note for 30,000 with Lucas Ventures, LLC, LLC, dated October 21, 2022 (extension of maturity date) (filed as Exhibit 4.12 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on December 15, 2022). 
 
 4.18 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note for 1,670,000 Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated November 22, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2022). 
 
 4.19 
 
 Form of Promissory Note issued by Digerati Technologies, Inc. to the Three December Investors, dated December 12th, 20th, and 22nd, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2023). 

34 

4.20 
 
 Amendment 5 to Convertible Promissory Note for 30,000 with LGH Investments dated December 23, 2022 (extension of maturity date) (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 17, 2023). 
 
 4.21 
 
 Amendment 4 to Convertible Promissory Note for 25,000 with Lucas Ventures, LLC, dated December 23, 2022 (extension of maturity date) (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 17, 2023). 
 
 4.22 
 
 Promissory Note for 100,000 with Derek and Thalia Gietzen dated December 29, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 17, 2023) 
 
 4.23 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note for 110,000 LGH Investments, LLC dated January 13, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 17, 2023). 
 
 4.24 
 
 Form of Convertible Promissory Note issued by Digerati Technologies, Inc. to the January Investors, dated January 24, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2023). 
 
 4.25 
 
 Amendment 2 to Convertible Promissory Note for 30,000 with LGH Investments, LLC, dated January 30, 2023 (extension of maturity date) (filed as Exhibit 4.8 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 17, 2023). 
 
 4.26 
 
 Amendment 2 to Convertible Promissory Note for 30,000 with Lucas Ventures, LLC, dated January 30, 2023 (extension of maturity date) (filed as Exhibit 4.9 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 17, 2023). 
 
 4.27 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock, dated November 22, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2022). 
 
 4.28 
 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock, issued in December 2022 (filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2023). 
 
 4.29 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note for 110,000 with LGH Investments, LLC dated March 7, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 6, 2023). 
 
 4.30 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note for 192,000 with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated March 17, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 4,2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 15, 2023). 
 
 4.31 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note for 275,000 with MGR Limited Partnership dated April 14, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 15, 2023). 
 
 4.32 
 
 Amendment 3 to Convertible Promissory Note for 50,000 with Tysadco Partners, LLC, dated February 1, 2023 (extension of maturity date) (filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 15, 2023). 
 
 4.33 
 
 Amendment 3 to Convertible Promissory Note for 50,000 with Tysadco Partners, LLC, dated April 14, 2023 (extension of maturity date) (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 15, 2023). 
 
 4.34 
 
 Amendment 5 to Convertible Promissory Note for 25,000 with Lucas Ventures, LLC dated March 30, 2023 (extension of maturity date) (filed as Exhibit 4.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 15, 2023). 
 
 4.35 
 
 Amendment 2 to Convertible Promissory Note for 18,000 with Tysadco Partners, LLC dated February 28, 2023 (extension of maturity date) (filed as Exhibit 4.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 15, 2023). 
 
 4.36 
 
 Amendment 2 to Convertible Promissory Note for 18,000 with Tysadco Partners, LLC dated March 29, 2023 (extension of maturity date) (filed as Exhibit 4.8 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 15, 2023). 
 
 4.37 
 
 Amendment 2 to Convertible Promissory Note for 30,000 with Tysadco Partners, LLC dated April 29, 2023 (extension of maturity date) (filed as Exhibit 4.9 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 15, 2023). 
 
 4.38 
 
 Amendment 2 to Convertible Promissory Note for 30,000 with Lucas Ventures, LLC dated April 25, 2023 (extension of maturity date) filed as Exhibit 4.10 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 15, 2023). 
 
 4.39 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 4.40 
 
 Form of Warrant Agreement with Mast Hill Fund, L.P. dated March 17, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 4.12 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 15, 2023)). 
 
 4.41 
 
 Form of Warrant Agreement with 3BRT Investments, LP dated March 30, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 4.13 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 15, 2023). 
 
 4.42 
 
 Amendment 3 to Convertible Promissory Note for 117,467 with ClearThink Capital Partners, LLC dated May 24, 2023 (extension of first principal payment) (filed as Exhibit 4.14 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 15, 2023). 
 
 4.43 
 
 Amendment 1 to Convertible Promissory Note for 660,000 with Graham A. Gardner dated June 1, 2023 (extension of maturity date) (filed as Exhibit 4.15 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 15, 2023). 
 
 4.44 
 
 Amendment 1 to Convertible Promissory Note for 660,000 with Blue Ocean Investments, LLC dated June 1, 2023 (extension of maturity date) (filed as Exhibit 4.16 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 15, 2023). 
 
 4.45 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note for 55,000 with Lucas Ventures, LLC dated May 9, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 15, 2023). 
 
 4.46 
 
 Description
 of Securities (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 31, 2022). 
 
 4.47 
 
 Amendment 2 to Convertible Promissory Note for 660,000 with Graham A. Gardner dated September 6, 2023 (extension of maturity date). 
 
 4.48 
 
 Amendment 2 to Convertible Promissory Note for 660,000 with Blue Ocean Investments, LLC dated September 6, 2023 (extension of maturity date). 
 
 10.1+ 
 
 Form of stock award agreement under the Company s 2015 Stock Compensation Plan for grants to qualifying employees 401K Retirement Accounts (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to Form 8-K filed on January 21, 2015 (File No. 001-15687)). 
 
 10.2+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Craig K. Clement, dated as of February 14, 2019. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 18, 2019). 

35 

10.3+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Arthur L. Smith, dated as of February 14, 2019. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 18, 2019). 
 
 10.4+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Registrant and Antonio Estrada Jr., dated as of February 14, 2019. (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 18, 2019). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement for 165,000 with Lucas Ventures, LLC dated July 27, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 31, 2022). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement for 165,000 with Lucas Ventures, LLC dated October 3, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with SEC on October 31, 2022). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement for 275,000 with Platinum Point Capital, LLC dated October 10, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with SEC on October 31, 2022). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Credit Agreement by and among T3 Communications, Inc., the Subsidiaries of T3 Communications, Post Road Administrative LLC, and Post Road Special Opportunity Fund II LP, dated November 17, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2020). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Guaranty and Collateral Agreement by and among T3 Communications, Inc., the Subsidiaries of T3 Communications, And Post Road Administrative LLC, dated November 17, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2020). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Pledge Agreement made by T3 Communications, Inc. in favor of Post Road Administrative LLC, dated November 17, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2020). 
 
 10.11 
 
 Tag-Along Agreement by and among the Company s Executives and Post Road, dated November 17, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2020). 
 
 10.12 
 
 Board Observer Agreement by and between the Company and Post Road, dated November 17, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 23, 2020). 
 
 10.13 
 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement by and among T3 Communications, Inc., the Subsidiaries of T3 Communications, Post Road Administrative LLC, and Post Road Special Opportunity Fund II LP, dated December 20, 2021 (filed as Exhibit 4.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 17, 2022). 
 
 10.14 
 
 Joinder and Second Amendment to Credit Agreement by and among T3 Communications, Inc., the Subsidiaries of T3 Communications (including Next Level Internet, Inc.), Post Road Administrative LLC, and Post Road Special Opportunity Fund II LP, dated February 4, 2022. (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10, 2022). 
 
 10.15 
 
 Forbearance Agreement and Third Amendment to Credit Agreement by and among T3 Communications, Inc., the Subsidiaries of T3 Communications (including Next Level Internet, Inc.), Post Road Administrative LLC, and Post Road Special Opportunity Fund II LP, dated June 13, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 21, 2022). 
 
 10.16 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated December 31, 2021, by and between Skynet Telecom LLC, Shift8 Networks, Inc., Digerati Technologies, Inc, Paul Golibart, and Jerry Ou (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 
 
 10.17 
 
 Employment Agreement dated December 31, 2021, by and between Shift8 Networks, Inc. and Paul Golibart (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 
 
 10.18 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated December 31, 2021, by and between Shift8 Networks, Inc. and Jerry Ou (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 6, 2022). 
 
 10.19 
 
 Equity Purchase Agreement by and among the Company, T3 Communications, Inc., and the Sellers of Next Level Internet, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 10, 2022). 
 
 10.20 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement for 38,500 with LGH Investments dated October 27, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 17, 2023). 
 
 10.21 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement for 71,500 Lucas Ventures, LLC dated October 27, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 17, 2023). 
 
 10.22 
 
 Securities and Purchase Agreement by and between Digerati Technologies, Inc. and the Investor, dated November 22, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2022). 
 
 10.23 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement by and between Digerati Technologies, Inc. and the Three December Investors, dated December 12th, 20th, and 22nd, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2023). 
 
 10.24 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement for 110,000 LGH Investments, LLC dated January 13, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 17, 2023). 
 
 10.25 
 
 Forbearance Agreement to Equity Purchase Agreement by T3 Communications, Inc. and Jeffery Posner dated January 3, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 17, 2023). 
 
 10.26 
 
 Forbearance
 Agreement to Equity Purchase Agreement by T3 Communications, Inc. and The Jerry and Lisa Morris Revocable Trust dated January 3,
 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 17, 2023). 
 
 10.27 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement by and between Digerati Technologies, Inc. and the Investor, dated November 22, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2022). 
 
 10.28 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement by and between Digerati Technologies, Inc. and the Three December Investors, dated December 12th, 20th, and 22nd, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2023). 

36 

10.29 
 
 Amendments 2 and 3 to the Securities Purchase Agreement by Skynet Telecom, LLC dated December 5, 2022 and March 9, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 17, 2023). 
 
 10.30 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement by and among T3 Communications, Inc., the Subsidiaries of T3 Communications (including Next Level Internet, Inc.), Post Road Special Opportunity Fund II LP, and Post Road Administrative LLC, dated as of March 13, 2023. (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 17, 2023). 
 
 10.31 
 
 Forbearance Agreement to Equity Purchase Agreement by T3 Communications, Inc. and The Jerry and Lisa Morris Revocable Trust dated March 7, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 17, 2023). 
 
 10.32 
 
 Forbearance Agreement to Equity Purchase Agreement by T3 Communications, Inc. and Jeffery Posner dated March 7, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on March 17, 2023). 
 
 10.33 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement for 110,000 LGH Investments dated March 7, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8- K filed on April 6, 2023). 
 
 10.34 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement for 192,000 Mast Hill dated March 17, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 15, 2023). 
 
 10.35 
 
 Amendment 4 to the Securities Purchase Agreement by Skynet Telecom, LLC dated May 10, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 15, 2023). 
 
 10.36+ 
 
 Amendment to the Company s 2015 Equity Compensation Plan dated May 25, 2023 (increases the number of Common Shares available for Stock Option grants) (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 15, 2023). 
 
 10.37 
 
 Forbearance
 Agreement to Equity Purchase Agreement by T3 Communications, Inc. and The Jerry and Lisa Morris Revocable Trust dated May 1, 2023
 (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 15, 2023). 
 
 10.38 
 
 Forbearance Agreement to Equity Purchase Agreement by T3 Communications, Inc. and Jeffery Posner dated May 1, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
filed on June 15, 2023). 
 
 10.39 
 
 Consent, Limited Waiver and Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement
and Amendment to Notes by and among T3 Communications, Inc., the Subsidiaries of T3 Communications (including Next Level Internet, Inc.),
Post Road Special Opportunity Fund II LP, and Post Road Administrative LLC, dated as of February 3, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 9, 2023). 
 
 10.40 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement by and among T3 Communications,
Inc., the Subsidiaries of T3 Communications (including Next Level Internet, Inc.), Post Road Special Opportunity Fund II LP, and Post
Road Administrative LLC, dated as of March 13, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on March 17, 2023). 
 
 10.41 
 
 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement and Amendment to Notes by and among T3 Communications, Inc., the Subsidiaries of T3 Communications (including Next Level Internet, Inc.), Post Road Special Opportunity Fund II LP and Post Road Administrative LLC, dated as of April 3, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 6, 2023. 

10.42 
 
 Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement and Amendment to Notes by and among T3 Communications, Inc. the Subsidiaries of T3 Communications (including Next Level Internet, Inc.), Post Road Special Opportunity Fund II LP and Post Road Administrative LLC, dated as of May 1, 2023 with an effective date of April 28, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.01 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 12, 2023). 

10.43 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement for 55,000 with Lucas Ventures, LLC dated May 9, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 15, 2023). 
 
 10.44 
 
 Second Forbearance Agreement, Amendment to Loan Documents and Limited Consent, dated November 22, 2023 with effect from November 2, 2023, by and among Verve Cloud, Inc. (formerly known as T3 Communications, Inc.), the guarantors named therein, Digerati Technologies, Inc., Post Road Administrative LLC, and Post Road Special Opportunity Fund II LP. 
 
 10.45 
 
 Form of Extension and Forbearance Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2023, between Digerati Technologies, Inc. and the noteholder named therein. 
 
 10.46+ 
 
 Digerati Technologies, Inc. 2015 Equity Compensation Plan (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-8 filed on November 17, 2015 (File No. 333-208089)). 
 
 10.47 
 
 Letter Agreement to Credit Agreement, dated August 16, 2023 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 21, 2023). 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiary List 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of our Interim Chief Executive Officer, under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of our Chief Financial Officer, under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of our Interim Chief Executive Officer, under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of our Chief Financial Officer, under Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

+ Management compensatory plan,
contract, or arrangement 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

37 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DIGERATI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Date: November 24, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Craig K. Clement 

Craig K. Clement 

Chairman of the Board of
 Directors 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacity and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Antonio Estrada Jr. 

Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 November 24, 2023 
 
 Antonio Estrada Jr. 
 
 Principal Finance Officer 

/s/ Craig K. Clement 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors Interim 
 
 November 24, 2023 
 
 Craig K. Clement 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 

/s/ Maxwell A. Polinsky 

Director 
 
 November 24, 2023 
 
 Maxwell A. Polinsky 

38 

<EX-4.47>
 2
 f10k2023ex4-47_digeratitech.htm
 AMENDMENT 2 TO CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE FOR 660,000 WITH GRAHAM A. GARDNER DATED SEPTEMBER 6, 2023 (EXTENSION OF MATURITY DATE)

Exhibit
4.47 

</EX-4.47>

<EX-4.48>
 3
 f10k2023ex4-48_digeratitech.htm
 AMENDMENT 2 TO CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE FOR 660,000 WITH BLUE OCEAN INVESTMENTS, LLC DATED SEPTEMBER 6, 2023 (EXTENSION OF MATURITY DATE)

Exhibit
4.48 

</EX-4.48>

<EX-10.44>
 4
 f10k2023ex10-44_digeratitech.htm
 SECOND FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT, AMENDMENT TO LOAN DOCUMENTS AND LIMITED CONSENT, DATED NOVEMBER 22, 2023 WITH EFFECT FROM NOVEMBER 2, 2023, BY AND AMONG VERVE CLOUD, INC

Exhibit 10.44 

SECOND FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT, 

 AMENDMENT TO LOAN DOCUMENTS AND LIMITED CONSENT 

This Second Forbearance Agreement,
Amendment to Loan Documents and Limited Consent (this Agreement ), dated as of November 22, 2023, with an effective
date of November 2, 2023 (the Effective Date ), is by and among VERVE CLOUD, INC. , a Nevada corporation (the
 Company ), formerly known as T3 Communications, Inc., T3 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. , a Florida corporation T3FL ),
 VERVE CLOUD, INC. , a Texas corporation doing business as Nexogy, Inc., Next Level Internet, Inc. and T3 Communications, Inc. VerveTX ),
formerly known as Shift8 Networks, Inc., NEXOGY, INC. , a Florida corporation Nexogy ), NEXT LEVEL INTERNET,
INC. a California corporation Next Level T3FL, VerveTX, Nexogy and Next Level are each referred to herein individually
as a Guarantor and collectively as the Guarantors the Company and the Guarantors are each referred
to herein individually as a Loan Party and collectively as the Loan Parties ), the Lenders party
hereto, and POST ROAD ADMINISTRATIVE LLC , a Delaware limited liability company, as administrative agent for the Lenders (together
with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ). 

1. Background . 

(a) 
 Loan Parties, Lenders and Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of November 17, 2020 (as amended
hereby, by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of December 20, 2021, that certain Joinder and Second Amendment to
Credit Agreement dated as of February 4, 2022, that certain Forbearance Agreement and Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of
June 13, 2022 (as amended by that certain Amendment to Forbearance Agreement dated as of October 17, 2022, with an effective date as of
August 8, 2022, and by that certain Second Amendment to Forbearance Agreement dated as of December 15, 2022, with an effective date of
November 15, 2022, the First Forbearance Agreement ), that certain Consent, Limited Waiver and Fourth Amendment to
Credit Agreement and Amendment to Notes dated as of February 3, 2023, with an effective date of December 23, 2022 (the Fourth
Amendment ), that certain Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of March 13, 2023, with an effective date of February
28, 2023, that certain Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of April 3, 2023, that certain Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement
dated as of May 1, 2023, with an effective date of April 28, 2023, that certain Letter Agreement dated August 16, 2023, and as may otherwise
be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). Capitalized terms
used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 

(b) 
 The Term Loan A is evidenced by that certain Amended and Restated Term Loan A Note dated December 20, 2021, by the Company, as
maker, made payable to the order of the Lenders in the face principal amount of the Term Loan A (such Amended and Restated Term Loan A
Note, as amended hereby, by the Fourth Amendment, and as may otherwise be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
to time, the Term Loan A Note ). 

(c) 
 The Term Loan C is evidenced by that certain Term Loan C Note dated February 4, 2022, by the Company, as maker, made payable to
the order of the Lenders in the face principal amount of the Term Loan C (such Term Loan C Note, as amended hereby, by the Fourth Amendment,
and as may otherwise be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Term Loan C Note 
and together with the Term Loan A Note, each a Note and collectively, the Notes ). 

(d) 
 The Loans and the Company s obligations under the Notes are secured by, among other things, the liens and guarantees in that
certain Guaranty and Collateral Agreement dated as of November 17, 2020, by the Company and the Existing Guarantors, collectively, as
grantors, in favor of the Administrative Agent (as amended hereby and as may otherwise be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time, the Guaranty and Collateral Agreement ). 

(e) 
 The Fourth Amendment identifies the occurrences of certain Events of Default under the Credit Agreement (such Events of Default
are defined therein collectively as the Specified Defaults ), which Specified Defaults are all continuing as of the
date hereof. 

(f) The Fourth Amendment also
includes the Administrative Agent s conditional (i) consent to the Parent s incurrence of Debt in the form of the Bridge
Loans and (ii) waiver of any applicable provision in the Credit Agreement otherwise prohibiting the Bridge Loans, subject in part to
the satisfaction of the Bridge Loan Consent Conditions. 

(g) 
 The Forbearance Period (as defined in the First Forbearance Agreement) has expired by its terms and is of no further force or effect. 

(h) 
 The Bridge Loan Consent Conditions were not satisfied in accordance with the Fourth Amendment and the Administrative Agent s
conditional consents and waivers with respect to the Bridge Loan Defaults (as defined in the Fourth Amendment) automatically terminated
and were revoked. 

(i) 
 In addition to the Bridge Loans, the Parent obtained certain convertible, unsecured loans described more fully in the Digerati
Technologies, Inc. Capitalization Summary and the Exhibit A attached thereto that the Company s counsel delivered
to the Administrative Agent s counsel on October 31, 2023 (such convertible, unsecured loans together with the Bridge Loans, each
an Existing Convertible Loan and collectively, the Existing Convertible Loans from lenders
to finance the Parent s short-term working capital needs without obtaining the Administrative Agent s prior consent and without
delivering subordination agreements executed by the Existing Convertible Loan lenders to the Administrative Agent, in form and substance
acceptable to the Administrative Agent, resulting in breaches of Section 11.1 (Debt) of the Credit Agreement and the occurrences of Events
of Default under Section 13.1.5 (Non-Compliance with Loan Documents) of the Credit Agreement (collectively, the Additional Convertible
Debt Defaults ). 

2 

(j) 
 The Company changed its name from T3 Communications, Inc. to Verve Cloud, Inc. by filing a Certificate of Amendment to its charter
with the Nevada Secretary of State on February 16, 2023 (the Company Name Change ). The Company did not obtain the
Administrative Agent s prior written consent to the Company Name Change, as required by Section 11.1.5 (Modification of Certain
Documents or Organizational Form) of the Credit Agreement, or notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender within three (3) Business
Days after the Company Name Change, as required by Section 10.1.9 (Notice of Default, Litigation, ERISA Matters, Other Material Changes)
of the Credit Agreement, resulting in Events of Default under Section 13.1.5 (Non-Compliance with Loan Documents) of the Credit Agreement
(collectively, the Company Name Change Defaults ). 

(k) 
 VerveTX changed its name from as Shift8 Networks, Inc. to Verve Cloud, Inc., doing business as doing business as Nexogy, Inc.,
Next Level Internet, Inc. and T3 Communications, Inc., by filing a Certificate of Amendment to its charter with the Texas Office of the
Secretary of State on February 6, 2023 (the Shift8 Name Change ). Neither the Company, nor VerveTX, obtained the Administrative
Agent s prior written consent to the Shift8 Name Change, as required by Section 11.1.5 (Modification of Certain Documents or Organizational
Form) of the Credit Agreement, or notified the Administrative Agent and each Lender within three (3) Business Days after the Shift8 Name
Change, as required by Section 10.1.9 (Notice of Default, Litigation, ERISA Matters, Other Material Changes) of the Credit Agreement,
resulting in Events of Default under Section 13.1.5 (Non-Compliance with Loan Documents) of the Credit Agreement (collectively, the Shift8
Name Change Defaults and together with the Company Name Change Defaults, the Name Change Defaults ). 

(l) 
 In addition to the Specified Events of Default, the Additional Convertible Debt Defaults and the Name Change Defaults, the following
Events have occurred and are continuing as of the date of this Agreement (collectively, the Additional Defaults ): 

(i) an Event of Default
under Section 13.1.2 (Non-Payment of Other Debt) of the Credit Agreement, as a result of the Company s failure to pay the amounts
when due under the Next Level Acquisition Documents; 

(ii) Events of Default
under Section 13.1.5 (Non-Compliance with Loan Documents) of the Credit Agreement, as a result of the Loan Parties or the Parent s
(as applicable): (A) failure to comply with Section 10.1.1 (Annual Report) of the Credit Agreement and specifically with respect to the
Parent s audited financial statements for each of the fiscal years ending July 31, 2020, July 31, 2021, July 31, 2022 and July 31,
2023, and that contained adverse references to the Parent s ability to continue as a going concern; (B) failure to timely deliver
to Administrative Agent Compliance Certificates for each of the Fiscal Quarters ending January 31, 2023, April 30, 2023 and July 31, 2023
and October 31, 2023, in accordance with Section 10.1.3 (Compliance Certificates) of the Credit Agreement; (C) failure to timely deliver
to Administrative Agent accounts receivable and accounts payable aging reports in for each of the months ending January 31, 2023, February
28, 2023, March 31, 2023, April 30, 2023, May 31, 2023, June 30, 2023, July 31, 2023, August, 31, 2023, September 30, 2023 and October
31, 2023, in accordance with Section 10.1.7 (Aging Reports) of the Credit Agreement; (D) failure to maintain a Senior Leverage Ratio of
less than the levels specified in Section 11.12.2 (Maximum Senior Leverage) of the Credit Agreement for the Fiscal Quarters ending January
31, 2023, April 30, 2023 and July 31, 2023 and October 31, 2023; (E) failure to maintain EBITDA of at least the levels specified in Section
11.12.3 (Minimum EBITDA) of the Credit Agreement for the Fiscal Quarters ending January 31, 2023, April 30, 2023 and July 31, 2023 and
October 31, 2023; (F) failure to maintain Liquidity of at least the levels specified in Section 11.12.4 (Minimum Liquidity) of the Credit
Agreement for the Fiscal Quarters ending January 31, 2023, April 30, 2023 and July 31, 2023 and October 31, 2023; (G) failure to maintain
a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of at least the levels specified in Section 11.2.6 (Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio) of the Credit Agreement
for the Fiscal Quarters ending January 31, 2023, and following the Financial Covenant Reversion Event (as defined in the Fourth Amendment),
July 31, 2023 and October 31, 2023; (H) failure to maintain Interest Coverage of not less than 1.00 to 1.0 in accordance with Section
11.12.6 (Interest Coverage) of the Credit Agreement for the Fiscal Quarter ending April 30, 2023; (I) failure to provide information reasonably
requested by the Administrative Agent prior to the date of this Agreement, and as required by Section 10.1.10 (Other Information) of the
Credit Agreement; (J) failure to comply with Section 10.15 (Public Company Reporting Requirements) of the Credit Agreement, as a result
of the Parent s failure to timely file its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for its Fiscal Quarter ending April 30, 2022 and its Annual
Report on Form 10-K for its fiscal years ending July 31, 2023; (K) failure to comply with Section 10.1.5 (Notice of Default; Litigation;
ERISA Matters; Other Material Changes), as a result of the Loan Parties and the Parent failing to notify the Administrative Agent in writing
of Events of Default and Unmatured Events of Default occurring prior to the date of this Agreement; and (L) failure to comply with Sections
5.3 (Preemptive Right) and clauses (d), (e) and (k) of Section 9.9 (Additional Protective Provisions) of the Warrant, as a result of the
Parent s actions and omissions constituting Existing Defaults (as defined hereinafter) and the Parent s issuances of equity
securities prior to the date of this Agreement to the lenders of the Existing Convertible Loans; and 

3 

(iii) Events of Default
under Section 13.1.6 (Representations and Warranties) of the Credit Agreement, as a result of the Loan Parties representing
or warranting that no Default or Event of Default had occurred and was continuing under the Credit Agreement or the other Loan
Documents prior to the date hereof. 

(m) 
 The Specified Events of Default, the Additional Convertible Debt Defaults, the Name Change Defaults and the Additional Defaults
are each referred to herein individually as an Existing Default and collectively as the Existing Defaults . 

(n) 
 The Company has applied to for a term loan in the principal amount of 2,000,000 (the Specified Financing from a commercially recognized lender other than the Administrative Agent or any Lender (the Specified Financing Provider ),
pursuant to the terms of a Term Loan and Security Agreement to be entered into by and between the Company, as the borrower, and the Specified
Financing Provider, as the lender (the Specified Financing Agreement ), and to be evidenced by a Promissory Note in
the face principal amount of 2,000,000, to be executed by the Company, as payor, made payable to the Specified Financing Provider (the
 Specified Financing Note , and together with the Specified Financing Agreement and all other agreements, certificates,
consents, documents, promissory notes, subordination agreements and instruments delivered from time to time in connection with the Specified
Financing, collectively, the Specified Financing Documents ). 

(o) 
 The Company and the Guarantors acknowledge that Events of Default exist under the Credit Agreement and have requested that the
Administrative Agent and the Lenders (i) agree to forbear from exercising their rights and remedies under the Credit Agreement and the
other Loan Documents with respect to the occurrence of the Existing Defaults, (ii) extend the maturity date of the Term Loan C from November
2, 2023 to December 31, 2023, (iii) amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and (iv) consent to
the Specified Financing. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders are willing to do so, in each case on and subject to the terms and conditions
set forth in this Agreement. 

2. Acknowledgments . 

(a) Acknowledgment of
Indebtedness . Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that each Loan Party is indebted and liable to Lenders for the following
amounts: (i) as of the Effective Date, principal in the aggregate amount of not less than 26,305,899.79, plus accrued and
unpaid interest thereon, with respect to Term Loan A, and not less than 12,259,234.38, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon,
with respect to Term Loan C, each pursuant to the terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement and the Notes; (ii) as of the
November 22, 2023 date of this Agreement, and after giving effect to the terms of the amendments described in Sections 3 , 4 
and 5 of this Agreement, principal in the aggregate amount of not less than 26,559,733.26, plus accrued and unpaid interest
thereon, with respect to Term Loan A, and not less than 12,377,527.38, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, with respect to
Term Loan C, each pursuant to the terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement and the Notes; (iii) Administrative
Agent s and Lenders costs and expenses associated with the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents; and (iv) the
attorneys fees and costs incurred by Administrative Agent to date, including in the preparation, negotiation and finalization
of this Agreement and any documents, instruments and agreements related hereto (all of the foregoing amounts together with any other
Obligation (as such term is used in the Credit Agreement) are hereinafter collectively referred to as the
 Obligations ), all without offset, counterclaims or defenses of any kind. Each Loan Party acknowledges and
agrees that the Obligations may not be inclusive of all expenses and costs incurred by Administrative Agent and Lenders and payable
by each Loan Party, and that fees, costs, and interest will continue to accrue and be added to the Obligations until the Obligations
are paid in full in cash. Administrative Agent reserves the right in its sole and absolute discretion to impose default interest on
the unpaid Obligations. 

(b) Acknowledgment of
Liens and Priority . Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that pursuant to the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents,
Administrative Agent holds first priority, perfected security interests in, and Liens upon all of the Collateral of each Loan Party
wherever located, now owned or hereafter acquired or arising, subject only to Permitted Liens. 

(c) Reaffirmation of
Security Interests; Cross-Collateralization . All of the assets and property of each Loan Party pledged, assigned, conveyed,
mortgaged, hypothecated or transferred to Administrative Agent pursuant to the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents, including,
without limitation, all Collateral, constitutes security and collateral for all of the Obligations. Each Loan Party hereby grants to
Administrative Agent, and reaffirms its prior conveyance to Administrative Agent of, a continuing security interest in, lien on, and
charge against all of the Collateral, including, without limitation, in all funds and/or monies contained in any accounts under the
control of Administrative Agent. Each Loan Party agrees to promptly execute and deliver to Administrative Agent such additional
documentation reasonably deemed necessary or appropriate by Administrative Agent in its sole and absolute discretion, to achieve or
more fully effectuate the purpose of this section of this Agreement. 

4 

(d) Administrative
Agent and Lenders Have No Obligation to Extend Forbearance . Each Loan Party hereby acknowledges and agrees that Administrative
Agent and Lenders shall have no actual or implied duty or obligation to extend the forbearance granted to each Loan Party herein
beyond the Forbearance Period, that the forbearance granted to each Loan Party herein shall not constitute a custom or course of
dealing between Administrative Agent, Lenders and each Loan Party, and that any such extension shall be based upon Administrative
Agent s and Lender s sole and absolute discretion. 

(e) Waiver of Certain
Rights . EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT EVENTS OF DEFAULT HAVE OCCURRED AND ARE CONTINUING UNDER THE CREDIT
AGREEMENT AND THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY EXPRESSLY WAIVES ALL OF ITS RIGHTS TO: (1) NOTIFICATION BY
ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT OF ANY PUBLIC OR PRIVATE SALE OR OTHER INTENDED DISPOSITION OF THE COLLATERAL; AND (2) OBJECT TO ANY
PROPOSAL OF ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT TO RETAIN THE COLLATERAL IN SATISFACTION OF THE OBLIGATIONS. 

3. Modifications to
All Loan Documents . The Credit Agreement, the Notes, the Guaranty and Collateral Agreement and all other Loan Documents are
hereby amended, effective as of the Effective Date, to the extent necessary (a) to replace all references to T3
Communications, Inc., a Nevada corporation with Verve Cloud, Inc., a Nevada corporation formerly known as T3
Communications, Inc. , and (b) to replace all references to Shift8 Networks, Inc., a Texas
corporation and Shift8 with Verve Cloud, Inc., a Texas corporation formerly known as
Shift8 Networks, Inc. and VerveTX , respectively. 

4. 
 Specific Amendments to Credit Agreement . The Credit Agreement is hereby amended, effective as of the Effective Date, as
follows: 

(a) 
 Section 1.1 (Definitions) is hereby amended by adding the following new defined terms thereto: 

Approved Convertible
Debt Forbearance Agreement means an extension and forbearance agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit G attached hereto,
entered into by and between the Parent and a lender of Convertible Debt. 

Capitalization
Summary means that certain Digerati Technologies, Inc. Capitalization Summary and the Exhibit A attached thereto that
the Company s counsel delivered to the Administrative Agent s counsel on October 31, 2023. 

Convertible
Debt means Debt issued by the Parent or any Loan Party, which, by its terms, may be converted into or exchanged for Capital Stock
at the option of the Parent or the Loan Party, as applicable, or the holder of such Debt, including, without limitation, the Existing
Convertible Debt and such other Debt with respect to which the performance due by the Parent or any Loan Party may be measured in whole
or in part by reference to the value of Capital Stock of the Parent or the Loan Party, as applicable, but may be satisfied in whole or
in part in cash. 

5 

Existing Convertible
Debt means the unsecured Convertible Debt of the Parent as of the Second Forbearance Agreement Closing Date and described in the Capitalization
Summary. 

Existing Convertible
Loan Documents means all agreements, certificates, consents, documents, promissory notes, subordination agreements and instruments
delivered from time to time in connection with the Existing Convertible Debt, as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

Existing Convertible
Loan Payment or Existing Convertible Loan Payments means, individually or collectively, as the context may require, any payment
of debts, obligations and liabilities of the Parent arising pursuant to any of the Existing Convertible Debt, including, without limitation,
any payments of (i) principal, interest, late charges and prepayment premiums (if any) due at any time under any of the Existing Convertible
Loan Documents, and (ii) all costs, fees and expenses of any nature whatsoever incurred at any time and from time to time (whether before
or after the occurrence of an event of default thereunder) and any other sums due under any of the Existing Convertible Loan Documents. 

Permitted
Convertible Note Offering means one or more unsecured, subordinated convertible notes issued by the Parent in connection with Convertible
Debt, subject to a subordination agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 

Second Forbearance
Agreement means that certain Second Forbearance Agreement, Amendment to Loan Documents and Limited Consent dated as of the Second
Forbearance Agreement Closing Date by and among the Company, the Guarantors, the Lenders and Administrative Agent. 

Second Forbearance
Agreement Closing Date means November 22, 2023. 

Specified
Financing means that certain term loan in the principal amount of 2,000,000 made available by the Specified Financing Provider to
the Company pursuant to the Specified Financing Documents. 

Specified
Financing Documents means all agreements, certificates, consents, documents, promissory notes, subordination agreements and instruments
delivered from time to time in connection with the Specified Financing, as each may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented
or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and the Specified Financing Intercreditor Agreement. 

Specified
Financing Intercreditor Agreement means that certain Intercreditor Agreement dated as of even date herewith by and between the Administrative
Agent and the Specified Financing Provider, and acknowledged and agreed to by the Company, as the same may be amended, restated, amended
and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 

6 

Specified
Financing Provider means a commercially recognized lender of the Specified Financing. 

VerveTX 
means Verve Cloud, Inc., a Texas corporation doing business as Nexogy, Inc., Next Level Internet, Inc. and T3 Communications, Inc., formerly
known as Shift8 Networks, Inc. 

(b) 
 Section 1.1 (Definitions) is hereby amended by restating the following defined terms in their entirety to read as follows: 

Maturity Date 
means the earlier of (A) (i) November 17, 2024 with respect to Term Loan A, (ii) December 31, 2023 with respect to Term Loan C, and (iii)
November 17, 2024 with respect to the Delayed Draw Loan, or (B) the date to which the Obligations are accelerated pursuant to ARTICLE
XIII. 

Restricted
Payment means (a) any dividend or other distribution, direct or indirect, on account of any shares (or equivalent) of any class
of Capital Stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, now or hereafter outstanding (including, without limitation, payments of principal,
premium or interest made pursuant to the terms of Convertible Debt prior to or in connection with conversion), (b) any redemption,
retirement, sinking fund or similar payment, purchase or other acquisition for value, direct or indirect, of any shares (or equivalent)
of any class of Capital Stock of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, now or hereafter outstanding, (c) any payment made to retire,
or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options or other rights to acquire shares of any class of Capital Stock of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, now or hereafter outstanding, (d) any payment with respect to any earnout obligation, (e) any
payment of principal, premium, interest, fees, or expenses in respect of any Subordinated Debt other than the Approved Subordinated Debt,
(f) any prepayment of principal, premium, interest, fees, or expenses in respect of, or any redemption, purchase, retirement, defeasance,
sinking fund, or similar payment with respect to, any Debt of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Obligations), (g) the
payment by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any management, advisory or consulting fee to any Person, or (h) the payment of any
extraordinary salary, bonus or other form of compensation to any Person who is directly or indirectly a partner, shareholder, owner or
executive officer of any such Person. 

(c) 
 Section 1.1 (Definitions) is hereby amended by deleting the following defined terms in their entirety: BCA , 
 Bridge Loan , Bridge Loan Documents , Bridge Loan Lender , Bridge
Loan Lenders , Bridge Loan Payment , Bridge Loan Payments , ClearThink , 
 ClearThink Bridge Loan , FirstFire , FirstFire Bridge Loan , Jefferson , 
 Jefferson Bridge Loan , Mast Hill , Mast Hill Bridge Loan , MEOA , 
 MEOA Merger , MEOA Bi-Weekly Status Report , MEOA Merger Closing Date , MEOA
Merger Documents , MEOA Merger Outside Closing Date , MEOA Merger Sub , and Shift8 . 

7 

(d) 
 Subclause (v) of Section 6.2(a) (Mandatory Prepayments) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

(v) concurrently
with any Existing Convertible Loan Payment, in an amount equal to 50 of the total dollar amount of such Existing Convertible Loan Payment. 

(e) 
 Section 9.31 (Reserved) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

9.31 Existing
Convertible Debt . (a) All Existing Convertible Debt is described in the Capitalization Summary; (b) the Administrative Agent has received
complete copies of all Existing Convertible Loan Documents in existence as of the Second Forbearance Agreement Closing Date; and (c) the
Parent has no Convertible Debt other than the Existing Convertible Debt. 

(f) 
 Section 9.32 (Parent Debt) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

9.32 Parent
Debt . The Parent has not created, incurred, assumed or suffered to exist any Debt, except the Existing Convertible Debt and such other
Debt described on Schedule 9.32 . 

(g) 
 Section 10.1.31 (MEOA Merger Bi-Weekly Status Reports) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

10.1.31 [ Reserved ]. 

(h) 
 Section 10.19 (Bridge Loan Documents) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

10.19 Existing
Convertible Loan Documents . The Company shall deliver (or cause to be delivered) to the Administrative Agent (a) the full details
of any proposed amendment, modification, supplement or waiver to the Existing Convertible Loan Documents before any such amendment, modification,
supplement or waiver is executed, and (b) notice of the conversion of Parent s Capital Stock under the Existing Convertible Loan
Documents. 

8 

(i) 
 Section 10.20 (MEOA Merger Documents) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

10.20 [ Reserved ]. 

(j) 
 Section 11.1 (Debt) is hereby amended by adding the following as a new clause (k) thereto: 

(k) the
Specified Financing in the principal amount of up to 2,000,000, subject at all times to the Specified Financing Intercreditor Agreement. 

(k) 
 Section 11.3 (Liens) is hereby amended by adding the following as a new clause (j) thereto: 

(j) Liens
in favor of the Specified Financing Provider granted by the Company pursuant to the Specified Financing Documents, subject at all times
to the Specified Financing Intercreditor Agreement. 

(l) 
 Section 11.14 (Restrictions on Payment of Certain Debt) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

11.14 Restrictions
on Payment of Certain Debt . Each Loan Party shall not, and not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, voluntarily
purchase, redeem, defease, prepay or repay any principal of, premium, if any, interest or other amount payable in respect of any Debt
(other than (a) the Obligations, (b) as expressly permitted by this Agreement or the applicable Subordination Agreement with respect to
the Approved Subordinated Debt, or (c) as expressly permitted by this Agreement or the Specified Financing Intercreditor Agreement with
respect to the Specified Financing). 

(m) 
 Section 11.18 (Existing Convertible Debt) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

11.18 Existing
Convertible Debt . (a) The Existing Convertible Loan Documents shall not be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (including,
without limitation, in connection with any extension, renewal or refinancing of an Existing Convertible Debt) without the Administrative
Agent s prior written consent, which consent may be withheld in the Administrative Agent s sole discretion provided ,
 however , that the Parent may enter into Approved Convertible Debt Forbearance Agreements without the Administrative Agent s
prior written consent); and (b) the Existing Convertible Debt shall not be secured by any Liens and shall be non-guaranteed obligations
at all times. 

(n) 
 Article XI (Negative Covenants) is hereby amended by adding the following as a new Section 11.19 (Specified Financing) thereto
to read as follows: 

11.19 Specified
Financing . (a) The Specified Financing Documents shall not be amended, restated, supplemented, extended or otherwise modified (including,
without limitation, in connection with any extension, renewal or refinancing of the Specified Financing) without the Administrative Agent s
prior written consent, except as permitted by Section 5.3(a) of the Specified Financing Intercreditor Agreement; (b) the Specified Financing
shall not be secured by any Liens or guaranteed by the Parent or any Loan Parties except for those Liens subject to the Specified Financing
Intercreditor Agreement; and (c) the proceeds of the Specified Financing shall be used by the Company solely for (i) costs, fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the closing of the Specified Financing, the payment of costs, fees and expenses incurred by the Administrative
Agent and Lenders as specified in this Credit Agreement, including, without limitation, Attorney Costs, and the preparation, negotiation,
execution and delivery of the Specified Financing Intercreditor Agreement, and (ii) subsequently, for general working capital purposes
of the Company. 

9 

(o) 
 Section 13.1.21 (Bridge Loans) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

13.1.21 Existing
Convertible Loans . Any default or event of default (as defined therein) shall occur under any of the Existing Convertible Loan Documents
and continue beyond any applicable notice or cure period other than during the Forbearance Period (as defined in the Second Forbearance
Agreement), any default or event of default existing on the Second Forbearance Agreement Closing Date under Existing Convertible Loan
Documents that are subject to a fully-executed Approved Convertible Debt Forbearance Agreement. 

(p) 
 Article XIII (Events of Default) is hereby amended by adding the following as a new Section 13.1.22 (Specified Financing) thereto
to read as follows: 

13.1.22 Specified
Financing . Any default or event of default (as defined therein) shall occur under any of the Specified Financing Documents and continue
beyond any applicable notice or cure period. 

(q) 
 Section 15.18 (Convertible Note Offering) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

15.18 Permitted
Convertible Note Offering . The Company, the Parent and the Administrative Agent agree to discuss mechanisms to pay down or repay in
full the Debt incurred by Parent pursuant to the Permitted Convertible Note Offering, subject in all respects to the Administrative Agent s
discretion. 

(r) 
 Section 15.19 (Parent Acknowledgment and Consent) is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows: 

15.19 Parent
Acknowledgment and Consent . Parent acknowledges and agrees that it will be bound by the terms of Sections 6.3 , 9.29 ,
 9.30 , 9.31 , 9.32 , 10.15 , 10.17 , 11.1 , 11.2 , 11.3 , 11.5 , 11.9 , 11.17 ,
 13.1.2 , 13.1.15 , 13.1.21 and 15.18 of this Agreement and will comply with such terms insofar as such terms
are applicable to the Parent. 

(s) 
 A new Exhibit G (Form of Approved Convertible Debt Forbearance Agreement) is hereby added to the Credit Agreement in the form attached
as Exhibit A to this Agreement. 

10 

5. 
 Specific Amendments to Term Loan C Note . The Term Loan C Note is hereby amended, effective as of the Effective Date, by
replacing the November 2, 2023 date in the fourth paragraph thereto with December 31, 2023 . 

6. 
 Forbearance . 

(a) 
 Forbearance Period . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 6 , Administrative Agent and Lenders agree to
forbear during the Forbearance Period (as defined below) from exercising its rights and remedies under the Credit Agreement and the Loan
Documents and applicable law solely due to the Existing Defaults and requiring compliance with the financial covenants set forth in Section
11.12 of the Credit Agreement. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Forbearance Period shall mean the period
commencing on the date of this Agreement and ending on the earliest to occur of (i) December 31, 2023, (ii) the date on which
any other Event of Default occurs or is deemed to have occurred, and (iii) any failure by Loan Parties for any reason to comply with
any term, condition or provision contained in this Agreement. 

(b) 
 Limitations on Forbearance . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement shall
not (i) constitute a waiver of the Existing Defaults, which shall be deemed to remain in existence, (ii) impair Administrative
Agent s and Lender s ability to exercise all or any of its rights and remedies under the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents
or applicable law or in equity at any time after the expiration of the Forbearance Period (all of which rights and remedies Administrative
Agent and Lenders hereby expressly reserve), (iii) impair Administrative Agent s and Lender s ability during the Forbearance
Period or otherwise to enforce payments of principal, interest, costs, expenses, indemnity payments or any other amounts when due or declared
due under the Credit Agreement or the Loan Documents, (iv) impair Administrative Agent s and Lender s right to debit
or set-off against any moneys of the Loan Parties to the extent authorized by the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents or applicable
law, or (v) permit the Loan Parties to depart from strict compliance with the terms of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(c) 
 Termination of Forbearance Period . Upon the termination of the Forbearance Period, Administrative Agent s and Lender s
agreement to forbear as set forth in Section 6(a) hereof shall automatically terminate, and thereafter Administrative Agent
and Lenders may exercise any and all of the rights and remedies available to them under the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents or
otherwise under applicable law or in equity. 

7. 
 Conditional Consent to Specified Financing . 

(a) 
 Subject to the other terms and conditions contained herein, and contingent on the following conditions (collectively, the Specified
Financing Consent Conditions ): (i) the Company s delivery of the Specified Financing Intercreditor Agreement to the Administrative
Agent, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, executed by the Specified Financing Provider,
and (ii) the Administrative Agent s receipt of complete copies of all Specified Financing Documents entered into by and between
the Company and the Specified Financing Provider in connection with the Specified Financing, the Administrative Agent hereby (A) acknowledges,
approves of and consents to (1) the Company s incurrence of Debt in the form of the Specified Financing, (2) the Company s
grant of Liens in favor of the Specified Financing Provider, pursuant to the terms of the Specified Financing Documents (and subject at
all times to the Specified Financing Intercreditor Agreement), and (3) the Company s execution, delivery and performance of the
Specified Financing Documents to which it is a party, and (B) waives any applicable provision in the Credit Agreement otherwise prohibiting
the Specified Financing (the Specified Financing Consent ). 

11 

(b) 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in the Credit Agreement to the contrary, the Specified Financing Consent shall be deemed
terminated, revoked, null, and void ab initio unless the Specified Financing Consent Conditions are satisfied in full. The Specified Financing
Consent is expressly limited to the Specified Financing, shall not have any effect on any other aspect or provision of the Loan Documents,
and shall not be deemed to (i) except as expressly provided herein, be a consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of any
term or condition of the Credit Agreement or of any other Loan Document; (ii) prejudice any right that the Administrative Agent or
the Lenders have or may have in the future under or in connection with the Credit Agreement or of any other Loan Document; (iii) waive
any Default or Event of Default that may exist as of the date hereof; or (iv) establish a custom or course of dealing among any of
the Loan Parties, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent or any Lender, on the other hand. 

8. 
 Conditions to Forbearance and Amendments to Loan Documents . This Agreement shall become effective, the amendments described
in Sections 3 , 4 and 5 above, and Administrative Agent s and Lender s agreement to forbear described
in Section 6(a) above shall commence upon receipt by Administrative Agent of evidence of satisfaction of each and every of
the following items and conditions, as determined by Administrative Agent in its sole and absolute discretion: 

(a) 
 A duly executed and delivered original of this Agreement by the Loan Parties, and the Parent s signed acknowledgment hereof. 

(b) 
 For each Loan Party and the Parent, such Loan Party s or the Parent s (a) charter (or similar formation document),
certified by the appropriate Governmental Authority; (b) good standing certificates in its state of incorporation (or formation)
and in each other state where it is required to file for authority to do business pursuant to the respective laws of such state; (c) bylaws
(or similar governing document); (d) resolutions of its board of directors (or similar governing body) approving and authorizing
such Person s execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and any other Loan Documents to which it is party and the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby; and (e) signature and incumbency certificates of its officers executing this Agreement and any other
Loan Documents (it being understood that the Administrative Agent and Lender may conclusively rely on each such certificate until formally
advised by a like certificate of any changes therein), all certified by an authorized officer as being in full force and effect without
modification. 

(c) 
 Payment for all of the attorneys fees and costs incurred by Administrative Agent in connection with this Agreement and the
matters, documents and transactions related in any way hereto. 

12 

(d) 
 Such other certificates, instruments, schedules, exhibits, assignments, agreements, and documents as Administrative Agent may reasonably
request, each of which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent and its counsel. 

9. 
 Costs, Expenses and Taxes . Without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to reimburse Administrative Agent (and, as
applicable, Lenders) for all costs, fees, disbursements and expenses incurred by Administrative Agent and Lenders as specified in the
Credit Agreement, as amended by this Agreement, the Loan Parties agree to pay on demand all costs, fees, disbursements and expenses of
Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other agreements, modifications,
instruments and documents contemplated hereby (collectively, the Transaction Documents ), including, without limitation,
reasonable attorneys fees and expenses. 

10. 
 RELEASE BY THE LOAN PARTIES . WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OTHER RELEASE PROVIDED BY THE LOAN PARTIES IN FAVOR OF LENDER GROUP
(AS DEFINED BELOW), EACH LOAN PARTY ON BEHALF OF ITSELF, AND ALL PERSONS AND ENTITIES CLAIMING BY, THROUGH, OR UNDER THE LOAN PARTIES,
HEREBY UNCONDITIONALLY RELEASES, REMISES, ACQUITS, WAIVES AND FOREVER DISCHARGES ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND EACH LENDER, AND ALL OF THEIR
RESPECTIVE PAST AND PRESENT OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, SHAREHOLDERS, ATTORNEYS, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, PARENT CORPORATION, SUBSIDIARIES,
AFFILIATES, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS (COLLECTIVELY, THE LENDER GROUP ), OF, FROM, AND WITH RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL MANNER
OF ACTION AND ACTIONS, CAUSE AND CAUSES OF ACTIONS, SUITS, DISPUTES, DEBTS, DUES, DAMAGES, PENALTIES, FEES, LOSSES, COSTS, EXPENSES, ATTORNEYS
FEES, ACCOUNTS, BONDS, COVENANTS, CONTRACTS, AGREEMENTS, PROMISES, WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, REPRESENTATIONS, LIENS, JUDGMENTS, AWARDS,
CLAIMS, CROSS CLAIMS, COUNTERCLAIMS, LIABILITIES, DEFENSES, DEMANDS, AND ANY CLAIMS FOR AVOIDANCE OR OTHER REMEDIES WHATSOEVER AVAILABLE
TO EACH LOAN PARTY, OR ITS SUCCESSORS OR ASSIGNS, WHETHER NOW KNOWN OR UNKNOWN, SUSPECTED OR UNSUSPECTED, PAST OR PRESENT, ASSERTED OR
UNASSERTED, CONTINGENT OR LIQUIDATED, WHETHER OR NOT WELL FOUNDED IN FACT OR LAW, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, IN TORT OR OTHERWISE OR RESULTING
FROM ANY ASSIGNMENT, IF ANY, AT LAW OR IN EQUITY (COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS CLAIMS ), WHICH EACH LOAN PARTY EVER
HAD OR NOW HAS, CLAIMS TO HAVE HAD, NOW CLAIMS TO HAVE OR HEREAFTER CAN, SHALL OR MAY CLAIM TO HAVE AGAINST LENDER GROUP (OR ANY PART
THEREOF), FOR OR BY REASON OF ANY CAUSE, MATTER, OR THING WHATSOEVER ARISING FROM THE BEGINNING OF TIME THROUGH THE DATE HEREOF, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY AND ALL CLAIMS BASED UPON, RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT OF ANY AND ALL TRANSACTIONS, AGREEMENTS, RELATIONSHIPS OR
DEALINGS WITH OR LOANS MADE TO THE LOAN PARTIES PRIOR TO THE DATE HEREOF, OTHER THAN SOLELY FOR, IF ANY, LENDER S GROSS NEGLIGENCE
OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT AS FINALLY DETERMINED IN A NON-APPEALABLE PROCEEDING BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION. 

13 

EACH LOAN PARTY WARRANTS
AND REPRESENTS THAT IT HAS NOT ASSIGNED, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED AND/OR OTHERWISE DIVESTED ITSELF AND/OR ENCUMBERED ALL OR ANY PART OF THE
CLAIMS BEING RELEASED HEREBY AND THAT EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY AGREES TO JOINTLY AND SEVERALLY INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS ANY AND ALL OF
LENDER GROUP AGAINST WHOM ANY OF THE CLAIMS SO ASSIGNED, PLEDGED, HYPOTHECATED, DIVESTED AND/OR ENCUMBERED IS ASSERTED. THIS PROVISION
SHALL SURVIVE ANY TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT. 

Each Loan Party hereby knowingly,
voluntarily, intentionally and expressly waives and relinquishes any and all rights and benefits that it respectively may have as against
the Lender Group under any law, rule or regulation of any jurisdiction that would or could have the effect of limiting the extent to which
a general release extends to claims which each Loan Party or the Lender Group does not know or suspect to exist as of the date hereof.
Each Loan Party hereby acknowledges that the waiver set forth in the prior sentence was separately bargained for and that such waiver
is an essential term and condition of this Agreement (and without which this Agreement would not have been agreed to by Lender). 

11. 
 Representations and Warranties . Each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants to Administrative Agent, which representations
and warranties shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement, that: (a) this Agreement and the actions on each Loan Party s
part contemplated hereby have been duly approved by all requisite limited liability company action or corporate action, as applicable,
on the part of each Loan Party; (b) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered and constitutes the legal, valid, and binding
obligations of each Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms subject to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
or other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditor s rights and remedies generally; (c) the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement does not and will not violate or conflict with any provision of any Loan Party s certificate of formation,
operating agreement, limited liability company agreement or bylaws, as applicable, in effect on the date hereof, or any material contracts
or agreements to which any Loan Party is a party or by which any of such Loan Party s assets are bound; (d) as of the date
hereof, no Loan Party has any defense, setoff, claim, counterclaim, or cause of action of any nature whatsoever, with respect to the Obligations,
the Credit Agreement or the Loan Documents; (e) this Agreement does not effect, and no agreement, compromise or settlement of any
kind has been reached with Administrative Agent and Lenders regarding, a restructuring, amendment or modification of all or any portion
of the Obligations, the Credit Agreement or the Loan Documents, and no such agreement shall exist or be deemed to exist unless and until
Lender and the Loan Parties execute and deliver complete documentation setting forth the terms of any such restructuring, amendment, or
modification; and (f) ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND LENDER HAVE MADE NO COMMITMENT, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND HAS NO OBLIGATION TO ENTER
INTO ANY FURTHER AGREEMENT TO EXTEND THE TERM OF THE FORBEARANCE PERIOD. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by Administrative
Agent and Lenders and their performance under or pursuant to this Agreement, does not and shall not create, result in, or provide the
Loan Parties with any defense, setoff, claim, counterclaim, or cause of action of any nature whatsoever, with respect to the Obligations
or any of the Loan Documents. Each Loan Party further hereby represents and warrants to Administrative Agent that the representations
and warranties of each Loan Party contained in the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents, as amended, supplemented and modified, are
true, correct and complete in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality qualifier, if and as applicable) on and as
of the date hereof except to the extent that such representations expressly related (i) to existence of a default or event of default
under the Loan Documents or any material agreement, but in each case solely as a result of the Existing Defaults, (ii) solely to
an earlier date, in which case such representations were true and correct in all material respects (without duplication of any materiality
qualifier, if and as applicable) on and as of such earlier date, and (iii) to the extent that such representation was true on the
date of the Credit Agreement and is untrue on the date hereof solely as a result of an action or inaction by a Loan Party that is permitted
by the Credit Agreement. Each Loan Party further represents and warrants to Administrative Agent that no Default or Event of Default exists
other than the Existing Defaults. Each Loan Party acknowledges that Administrative Agent and Lenders are specifically relying upon the
representations, warranties and agreements contained herein and that such representations, warranties and agreements constitute a material
inducement to Administrative Agent and Lenders in entering into this Agreement. 

14 

12. 
 Reference to Loan Documents; No Waiver . 

(a) 
 References . Upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, (i) each reference in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement, 
 hereunder, hereof, herein, or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the Credit
Agreement, as amended hereby, (ii) each reference in each of the Notes to this Note, hereunder, hereof, 
 herein, or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the respective Note, as amended hereby, and (iii) each
reference in the other Loan Documents to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof, herein, 
or words of like import shall mean and be a reference to the respective Loan Document, as amended hereby. The term Loan Documents 
as defined in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement shall include (in addition to the Loan Documents described in the Credit Agreement)
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

(b) 
 No Waiver . The failure of Administrative Agent (or, as applicable, Lenders), at any time or times hereafter, to require
strict performance by Loan Parties of any provision or term of the Credit Agreement, this Agreement or the other Loan Documents shall
not waive, affect or diminish any right of Administrative Agent (or, as applicable, Lenders) hereafter to demand strict compliance and
performance herewith or therewith. Any suspension or waiver by Administrative Agent or Lenders of a breach of this Agreement or any Event
of Default under the Credit Agreement shall not, except as expressly set forth in a writing signed by Administrative Agent, suspend, waive
or affect any other breach of this Agreement or any Event of Default under the Credit Agreement, whether the same is prior or subsequent
thereto and whether of the same or of a different kind or character. None of the undertakings, agreements, warranties, covenants and representations
of the Loan Parties contained in this Agreement, shall be deemed to have been suspended or waived by Administrative Agent or Lenders unless
such suspension or waiver is (i) in writing and signed by Administrative Agent and (ii) delivered to the Loan Parties. In no event shall
Administrative Agent s and Lenders execution and delivery of this Agreement establish a course of dealing among Administrative
Agent, Lenders, Loan Parties or any other obligor, or in any other way obligate Administrative Agent or Lenders to hereafter provide any
amendments or waivers with respect to the Credit Agreement. The terms and provisions of this Agreement shall be limited precisely as written
and shall not be deemed (x) to be a consent to any amendment or modification of any other term or condition of the Credit Agreement or
of any of the Loan Documents (except as expressly provided herein); or (y) to prejudice any right or remedy which Administrative Agent
or any Lender may now have under or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any of the Loan Documents. The execution, delivery and
effectiveness of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Administrative Agent or any Lender under
the Credit Agreement or any of the Loan Documents, or any Default or Event of Default under the Credit Agreement. It is the intention
of the parties hereto that the execution and delivery of this Agreement does not effectuate a novation of the liabilities and obligations
of the Loan Parties to Administrative Agent or Lenders with respect to the Loans, but merely serves as a modification of certain terms
thereof. The existing indebtedness of the Loan Parties to the Lenders evidenced by the Notes is continuing, without interruption, and
has not been discharged by a new agreement. 

15 

13. 
 Additional Acknowledgments . To induce Administrative Agent and Lenders to enter into this Agreement, each Loan Party acknowledges
and confirms that: (i) the Credit Agreement and all of the Loan Documents remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified
and confirmed in all respects; and (ii) Administrative Agent and Lenders have no obligation, and has made no commitment, to modify
or amend the Credit Agreement or the Loan Documents. 

14. 
 Notices . Any notice required or desired to be served, given or delivered hereunder shall be in the form and manner specified
in the Credit Agreement. The parties agree that if any notice is tendered to an addressee and delivery thereof is refused by such addressee,
such notice shall be effective upon such tender unless expressly set forth in such notice. 

15. 
 Binding Agreement . This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of each of
the parties hereto; provided , however , no Loan Party may assign this Agreement or any of such Loan Party s rights,
responsibilities or obligations hereunder without Administrative Agent s prior written consent and any prohibited assignment shall
be absolutely void and of no force and effect. 

16. 
 Construction; No Defenses . Neither this Agreement nor any uncertainty or ambiguity herein shall be construed or resolved
against Administrative Agent and Lenders, whether under any rule of construction or otherwise. On the contrary, this Agreement has been
reviewed by all parties hereto and shall be construed and interpreted according to the ordinary meaning of the words used so as to fairly
accomplish the purposes and intentions of the parties hereto. Each Loan Party acknowledges that each Loan Party has thoroughly read and
reviewed the terms and provisions of this Agreement, and that such terms and provisions are clearly understood by each Loan Party and
have been fully and unconditionally consented to by each Loan Party with the full benefit and advice of counsel chosen by each Loan Party. 

17. 
 Rights Cumulative . Each of Administrative Agent s and Lender s rights and remedies under this Agreement are
and shall be cumulative. Administrative Agent and Lenders shall have all rights and remedies under the Credit Agreement, the Loan Documents,
the Uniform Commercial Code as adopted in the State of New York (or any other applicable jurisdiction), at law or in equity. No exercise
by Administrative Agent or Lender of one right or remedy shall be deemed an election, and no waiver by Administrative Agent or Lender
of any default on any Loan Party s part shall be deemed a continuing waiver. No delay by Administrative Agent or Lender shall constitute
a waiver, election or acquiescence by it. 

16 

18. 
 Severability . The invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any provision in or obligation under this Agreement shall
not affect or impair the validity, legality or enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations hereunder. 

19. 
 Entire Agreement . This Agreement cannot be changed, amended, modified or terminated orally. This Agreement, the Credit Agreement
and the Loan Documents represent the entire agreement of Administrative Agent, Lenders and the Loan Parties with respect to the matters
described herein and therein, and may only be amended or modified by a writing signed by Administrative Agent, Lenders and the Loan Parties. 

20. 
 Conflict With Credit Agreement or Loan Documents . If any provision of this Agreement conflicts with any provision of the
Credit Agreement or the Loan Documents, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail. 

21. 
 Counterparts; Headings; Recitals . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed
an original but all of which when taken together shall together constitute one and the same instrument. A signature hereto sent or delivered
by PDF, facsimile or other electronic transmission shall be as legally effective and binding as a signed original for all purposes. The
titles and headings in this Agreement have no substantive meaning and are solely for the convenience of the parties. The Background in
 Section 1 hereto is hereby incorporated into this Agreement by this reference thereto. 

22. 
 Bankruptcy/Relief from Automatic Stay . If any case is commenced by or against any Loan Party under any chapter of Title
11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the Bankruptcy Code ), each Loan Party hereby agrees that Administrative
Agent and Lenders and/or their respective nominee(s) or assignee(s) are entitled to, and each Loan Party hereby waives any objections
to, immediate relief from any stay imposed by Section 362 or 105 of the Bankruptcy Code or otherwise or against the exercise of the rights
and remedies otherwise available to Administrative Agent and Lenders and/or respective nominee(s) or assignee(s) as provided in this Agreement
and as otherwise provided by law. Upon the occurrence of any of the events described in this Section, each Loan Party covenants and agrees
to take any action deemed necessary, desirable or convenient by Administrative Agent and Lenders and/or its nominee(s) and assignee(s)
to enable Administrative Agent and Lenders and/or respective nominee(s) and assignee(s) to continue to exercise its rights and remedies
under this Agreement. 

23. 
 Indemnification . If, after receipt of any payment of all or any part of the Obligations, the Administrative Agent or any
other Lender is compelled to surrender such payment to any person or entity for any reason (including, without limitation, a determination
that such payment is void or voidable as a preference or fraudulent conveyance, an impermissible setoff, or a diversion of trust funds),
then this Agreement and the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents shall continue in the full force and effect, and each Loan Party shall
be liable for, and shall jointly and severally indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders with
respect to the full amount so surrendered. The provisions of this section shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the Credit
Agreement and the Loan Documents and shall be and remain effective notwithstanding the payment of the Obligations, the cancellation of
the Notes, the release of any lien, security interest, mortgage, assignment or other encumbrance securing the Obligations or any other
action which the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders may have taken in reliance upon receipt of such payment. Any cancellation
of the Notes, release of any such encumbrance or other such action shall be deemed to have been conditioned upon any payment of the Obligations
having become final and irrevocable. 

17 

24. 
 Tolling; Revival of Obligations . Any and all statute of limitations, repose or similar legal constraints on the time by
which a claim must be filed, a person given notice thereof, or asserted, that expire, run or lapse during the Forbearance Period on any
claims that Administrative Agent or Lender may have against the Loan Parties or any Person related to the Loan Parties (collectively,
the Forbearance Period Statutes of Limitation will be tolled during the Forbearance Period. Each Loan Party waives
any defense it may have against Administrative Agent and Lenders under the Forbearance Period Statutes of Limitation, applicable law or
otherwise solely as to the expiration, running or lapsing of the Forbearance Period Statutes of Limitation during the Forbearance Period.
If all or any part of any payment under or on account of the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents, this Agreement or any agreement,
instrument or other document executed or delivered by any Loan Party in connection with this Agreement is invalidated, set aside, declared
or found to be void or voidable or required to be repaid to the issuer or to any trustee, custodian, receiver, conservator, master, liquidator
or any other person or entity pursuant to any bankruptcy law or pursuant to any common law or equitable cause then, to the extent of such
invalidation, set aside, voidness, voidability or required repayment, such payment would be deemed to not have been paid, and the obligations
of the Loan Parties in respect thereof would be immediately and automatically revived without the necessity of any action by Administrative
Agent or Lender. 

25. 
 GOVERNING LAW . This AGREEMENT AND EVERY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT and any claims, controversy,
dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this AGREEMENT or any
other Loan Document (except, as to any other Loan Document, as expressly set forth therein) and the transactions contemplated hereby and
thereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York . 

26. 
 JURISDICTION . ANY LITIGATION BASED HEREON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENT, SHALL BE BROUGHT AND MAINTAINED EXCLUSIVELY IN THE COURTS OF NEW YORK COUNTY, THE STATE OF NEW YORK, OR IN THE UNITED STATES
DISTRICT COURT FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK; OR, IF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT INITIATES SUCH ACTION, IN ADDITION TO THE FOREGOING
COURTS, ANY COURT IN WHICH THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT SHALL INITIATE OR TO WHICH THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT SHALL REMOVE SUCH ACTION, TO THE
EXTENT SUCH COURT OTHERWISE HAS JURISDICTION. EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY EXPRESSLY AND IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS AND SUBMITS IN ADVANCE TO THE
JURISDICTION OF SUCH COURTS IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING COMMENCED IN OR REMOVED BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT TO ANY OF SUCH COURTS, HEREBY
WAIVES PERSONAL SERVICE OF THE SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT, OR OTHER PROCESS OR PAPERS ISSUED THEREIN, AND HEREBY AGREES THAT SERVICE OF SUCH
SUMMONS AND COMPLAINT OR OTHER PROCESS OR PAPERS MAY BE MADE BY REGISTERED OR CERTIFIED MAIL ADDRESSED TO SUCH LOAN PARTY AT THE ADDRESS
SET FORTH IN SECTION 15.3 OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT. EACH LOAN PARTY WAIVES ANY CLAIM THAT ANY COURT HAVING SITUS IN NEW YORK COUNTY,
NEW YORK, IS AN INCONVENIENT FORUM OR AN IMPROPER FORUM BASED ON LACK OF VENUE. SHOULD ANY LOAN PARTY, AFTER BEING SO SERVED, FAIL TO
APPEAR OR ANSWER ANY SUMMONS, COMPLAINT, PROCESS OR PAPERS SO SERVED WITHIN THE PERIOD OF TIME PRESCRIBED BY LAW AFTER THE MAILING THEREOF,
SUCH LOAN PARTY SHALL BE DEEMED IN DEFAULT AND AN ORDER AND/OR JUDGMENT MAY BE ENTERED BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AGAINST SUCH LOAN PARTY
AS DEMANDED OR PRAYED FOR IN SUCH SUMMONS, COMPLAINT, PROCESS OR PAPERS. THE EXCLUSIVE CHOICE OF FORUM FOR THE LOAN PARTIES SET FORTH
IN THIS SECTION SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO PRECLUDE THE ENFORCEMENT, BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, OF ANY JUDGMENT OBTAINED IN ANY OTHER FORUM
OR THE TAKING, BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, OF ANY ACTION TO ENFORCE THE SAME IN ANY OTHER APPROPRIATE JURISDICTION, AND EACH LOAN PARTY
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES THE RIGHT TO COLLATERALLY ATTACK ANY SUCH JUDGMENT OR ACTION. 

27. 
 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR
ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH
PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT
SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE
OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS
AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
the undersigned have duly executed this Second Forbearance Agreement, Amendment to Loan Documents and Limited Consent as of the date first
above written. 

COMPANY : 

VERVE CLOUD, INC. , a Nevada corporation, as the Company, formerly known as T3 Communications, Inc. 

By: 

Name: 
 Antonio Estrada 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

GUARANTORS : 

T3 COMMUNICATIONS, INC. , 

a Florida corporation 

VERVE CLOUD, INC. , a Texas Corporation formerly known as Shift8 Networks, Inc. 

NEXOGY, INC. , a Florida corporation 

NEXT LEVEL INTERNET, INC. , 

a California corporation 

By: 

Name: 
 Antonio Estrada 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

[ Signature Page Second Forbearance
Agreement, Amendment to Loan Documents and Limited Consent ] 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT : 

POST ROAD ADMINISTRATIVE LLC 

By: 

Name: 
 Michael Bogdan 

Title: 
 Authorized Signatory 

LENDERS : 

POST ROAD SPECIAL OPPORTUNITY FUND II LP 

By: 

Name: 
 Michael Bogdan 

Title: 
 Authorized Signatory 

[ Signature
Page Second Forbearance Agreement, Amendment to Loan Documents and Limited Consent ] 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED : 

DIGERATI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. , 

a Nevada corporation 

By: 

Name: 
 Antonio Estrada 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

EXHIBIT A 

TO SECOND FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT, 

 AMENDMENT TO LOAN DOCUMENTS AND LIMITED CONSENT 

Form of Approved Convertible Debt Forbearance
Agreement 

See attached. 

</EX-10.44>

<EX-10.45>
 5
 f10k2023ex10-45_digeratitech.htm
 FORM OF EXTENSION AND FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 22, 2023, BETWEEN DIGERATI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND THE NOTEHOLDER NAMED THEREIN

Exhibit 10.45 

Extension and Forbearance
Agreement 

This EXTENSION
AND FORBEARANCE AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into as of November___ 1 ,
 2023, between Digerati Technologies, Inc., a Nevada corporation Digerati , and the undersigned noteholder
(the Noteholder . 

Recitals 

A. Digerati
has issued the promissory note or notes listed on Annex A to this Agreement (whether one or multiple instruments, the Notes 
to the Noteholder. 

B. As
of the date hereof, one or more defaults or events of default, including payment defaults (collectively, the Existing Defaults ,
have occurred and are continuing under the Notes. 

C. Certain
other defaults or events of default, including payment defaults (collectively, the Future Defaults and, together with
the Existing Defaults, the Forbearance Defaults , may occur between the date hereof and December 31, 2023 (the Forbearance
Termination Date . 

D. Digerati
has requested that Noteholder (1) forbear from exercising any rights and remedies it may have under the Notes and applicable law arising
from the Forbearance Defaults during the period from the date hereof through the Forbearance Termination Date (the Forbearance
Period and (2) extend the due date of all payments thereunder that are either currently due and payable or will become due
and payable during the Forbearance Period to the Forbearance Termination Date (the Maturity Extension . 

E. Certain
other of Digerati s creditors have agreed to provide extensions of maturity and forbearance to Digerati under other items of indebtedness,
conditioned on entry into this Agreement by the Noteholder, which other extensions and forbearances will benefit both Digerati and the
Noteholder. Digerati represents that no economic terms with the other creditors have changed, other than maturity date, such that Noteholder
is entitled to improved economic terms per the most favored nations clause in Noteholder s original note. Digerati also represents that
should any economic te1ms change with the other creditors, other than maturity date, Digerati will make Noteholder aware of these changes
and offer them to the Noteholder equally. 

Agreement 

In consideration of the foregoing, and
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Noteholder and Digerati agree
that: 

1. Until
the day after the last day of the Forbearance Period, the Noteholder shall forbear from exercising any rights and remedies it may have
under the Notes and applicable law arising from the Forbearance Defaults, including, without limitation, by (i) accelerating of the maturity
of the Notes or (ii) initiating any proceeding to collect the obligations under the Notes, including by initiating or joining in filing
any involuntary bankruptcy petition with respect to Digerati under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, or otherwise filing or participate in any
insolvency reorganization, moratorium, receivership, or other similar proceedings against Digerati. 

2.
Any payments currently due and payable or past due or that will become due and payable during the Forbearance Period shall, instead,
be due and payable on the Forbearance Termination Date. 

1 Date to be left blank and filled in on date when all other
Extension and Forbearance Agreements have been collected and Post Road (senior lender) has entered into its forbearance. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, (i) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement shall not (A) constitute a waiver of the Forbearance Defaults
(unless cured by the Maturity Extension), which shall be deemed to remain in existence, or (B) impair the Noteholder s ability to exercise
all or any of its rights and remedies under the Notes or applicable law or in equity at any time after the expiration of the Forbearance
Period (all of which rights and remedies the Noteholder hereby expressly reserves) and (ii) the Notes remain in full force and effect
and are hereby ratified and confirmed. 

Upon the termination
of the Forbearance Period, the Noteholder s agreement to forbear as set forth in this Agreement shall automatically terminate and, thereafter,
the Noteholder may exercise all of the rights and remedies available to the Noteholder under the Notes or otherwise under applicable law. 

This Agreement
shall be subject to the governing law, venue, amendments, successors and assigns and counterparts provisions of the Notes, mutatis
mutandis . 

[Signature Pages Follow] 

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the duly authorized
officers of the undersigned have executed this Agreement as of the date first written above. 

DIGERATI TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Digerati Technologies
 - Extension and Forbearance Agreement Signature Page] 

Agreed as of the date first written above: 

By: 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[Digerati Technologies
 - Extension and Forbearance Agreement Signature Page] 

Annex A 

NOTE(S) 

I. 
______ Convertible Promissory Note made by Digerati in favor of Noteholder, dated __________, 20___, as amended, supplemented or
otherwise modified prior to the date hereof 

</EX-10.45>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 f10k2023ex21-1_digeratitech.htm
 SUBSIDIARY LIST

Exhibit 21.1 

Digerati Technologies, Inc. 

 Subsidiary List 

1. 
 Verve Cloud, Inc. (formerly known as T3 communications, Inc.), a Nevada Corporation Verve Cloud Nevada 

2. 
 
 Verve Cloud, Inc. (formerly known as Shift8
Networks, Inc.), a Texas Corporation Verve Cloud Texas T3 Communications, Inc., a Nevada Corporation 

3. 
 T3 Communications, Inc., a Florida Corporation T3 Communications ), 

4. 
 Nexogy, Inc., a Florida corporation Nexogy 

5. 
 NextLevel Internet, Inc., a California corporation Next Level and, together with Verve Cloud Nevada, Verve Cloud Texas, T3 Communications, and Nexogy, the Operating Subsidiaries 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 f10k2023ex23-1_digeratitech.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference
in the Registration Statement on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-208089 and 333-274491) of our report dated November 22, 2023, with respect to the audited
consolidated financial statements of Digerati Technologies, Inc. (the Company appearing in this Annual Report on Form
10-K of the Company for the year ended July 31, 2023. Our report contains an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

/s/ MaloneBailey, LLP 

 www.malonebailey.com 

 Houston, Texas 

 November 22, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 f10k2023ex31-1_digeratitech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Craig K. Clement, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Digerati Technologies, Inc., a Nevada Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 24, 2023 
 /s/ Craig K. Clement 

Craig K. Clement 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 f10k2023ex31-2_digeratitech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Antonio Estrada, Jr., certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Digerati Technologies, Inc., a Nevada Corporation; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 24, 2023 
 /s/ Antonio Estrada, Jr. 

Antonio Estrada, Jr. 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 f10k2023ex32-1_digeratitech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report (the Report of Digerati Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending July 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Craig K. Clement , Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, 

1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) 
 the information in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

By 
 /s/ Craig K. Clement 

Craig K. Clement 

Chief Executive Officer 

November 24, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 f10k2023ex32-2_digeratitech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE chief FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report (the Report of Digerati Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending July 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Antonio Estrada Jr., the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 

1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) 
 the information in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

By 
 /s/ Antonio Estrada Jr. 

Antonio Estrada Jr. 

Chief Financial Officer 

November 24, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 dtgi-20230731.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 17
 dtgi-20230731_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 dtgi-20230731_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 dtgi-20230731_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 dtgi-20230731_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

