<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230829_10-K_edgar_data_1616156_0001553350-23-000413.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2943430</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>81966</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>777597</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>680293</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>549753</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>784297</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001553350-23-000413.hdr.sgml : 20230829
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230829172211
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001553350-23-000413
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		50
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230829
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230829

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WEWARDS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001616156
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		IRS NUMBER:				331230099
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55957
		FILM NUMBER:		231223135

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2960 WEST SAHARA AVENUE
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		702-944-5599

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2960 WEST SAHARA AVENUE
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GLOBAL ENTERTAINMENT CLUBS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170227

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FUTURE WORLD GROUP, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20151008

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Betafox Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140807

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001553350-23-000413.txt : 20230829

10-K
 1
 wewa_10k.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 W ashington ,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , 

 (Address of principal executive
offices and zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: Common Stock 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for shorter period that the registrant as required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
 securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether
 the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
 of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The aggregate market
value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based upon the closing price of 2.20 per share as of
November 30, 2022 was approximately . 

As of August 30,
2023, there were shares
of registrant s common stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 2 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 2 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 3 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 3 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 3 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 4 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 4 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 5 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 9 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 10 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 11 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 11 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 12 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 13 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 13 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 14 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 14 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 15 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 16 

SIGNATURES 
 17 

PART I 

Forward Looking Statements 

This Form 10-K contains forward-looking 
statements including statements regarding our expectations of our future operations. For this purpose, any statements contained in this
Form 10-K that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Without limiting the foregoing, words
such as may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, estimate, 
or continue or comparable terminology are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements by their nature
involve substantial risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially depending on a variety of factors, many of which
are not within our control. 

These risks and uncertainties include
demand for our products and services, governmental regulation of the cannabis industry, our ability to maintain customer and strategic
business relationships, the impact of competitive products and pricing, growth in targeted markets, the adequacy of our liquidity and
financial strength to support our growth, general economic and market conditions; our ability to sustain, manage, or forecast growth,
our ability to successfully make and integrate acquisitions, new product development and introduction, existing government regulations
and changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations, adverse publicity, difficulty in forecasting operating results,
change in business strategy or development plans, business disruptions, and the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. Although
the forward-looking statements in this report reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on
facts and factors currently known by them. In light of these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to announce publicly revisions we make to these
forward-looking statements to reflect the effect of events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this report. All written
and oral forward-looking statements made subsequent to the date of this report and attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf
are expressly qualified in their entirety by this section. 

ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION
OF BUSINESS 

Overview 

We
were incorporated in Nevada on September 10, 2013, as Betafox Corp., for the purpose of engaging in the business of manufacturing and
selling candles. On May 11 2015, our principal stockholder at that time sold six million shares of our common stock, constituting
approximately 73.8 of our issued and outstanding common shares at such time, to Future Continental Limited. In
October 2015, Future Continental Limited sold those shares to Mr. Lei Pei, an affiliate of
 Future Continental Limited , in consideration of Mr. Pei s agreement to serve as our
director and CEO. On January 8, 2018, we changed our name to Wewards, Inc. Our corporate office is located in Las Vegas, Nevada. 

We have developed and are the owner
of a web-based platform accessible by mobile apps (the Platform that will enable consumers to purchase goods from merchants
and earn rebates payable in the form of Bitcoin. The Platform provides an innovative Bitcoin rewards
ecosystem. It is designed to transform traditional concepts of commerce into a cooperative society where both merchants and consumers
are collaborating, utilizing Bitcoin to reward consumers. The ecosystem provides consumers with rewards each time they complete a challenge
defined by a merchant. This is intended to make the ecommerce process beneficial to all market participants, and to help distribute commercial
wealth among and between the merchants and consumers. 

We
intend to generate revenue by licensing white-label versions of the Platform to third parties. However, to date, no such
license agreement has been entered into, and we have not generated any revenues from the Platform. 

On April 2, 2020, we purchased intellectual
property rights IP from United Power, a Nevada corporation under common ownership
with Lei Pei, our sole officer and director and majority shareholder, for cash consideration of 179,300, based o n a price determined
by an independent valuation. 

The
IP consists of technology and related rights associated with the game Megopoly, an MMO (Massively Multiplayer Online Game). Megopoly
is an MMO board game where players are able to earn fractions of Bitcoins (satoshi) through buying, selling, and managing virtual real
estate properties using in-game currency (Megopoly Coins). The game is similar in some respects to Monopoly. 

The game allows players around the
world to interact with each other online. Players travel (move) through different parts of a city, earning profit by investing in properties,
charging rent, acquiring bonus assets, and selling their properties to other players for in-game currency. A player is able to progress
to higher levels of cities at any time. 

The player s goal in Megopoly
is to earn Megopoly Coins by investing in properties and collecting rent from other players. Players can keep playing the game using their
Megopoly Coins for the opportunity to earn more coins, or they can exchange those coins for Bitcoins based on real-time market exchange
rates. 

1 

Megopoly is playable at any time
through a web browser on a PC, tablet or smart phone, in both Chinese and English. The game has been designed for players of all skill
levels. To date, we have not generated any revenue from Megopoly other than pursuant to related party agreements as described below. 

The
Company entered into an agreement in January of 2021 with Sandbx Corp., a company owned by the Chief Operating Officer of United
Power and FL Galaxy, related parties to the Company, as our Chief Executive Officer, Lei Pei, is also the Chief Executive Officer
of United Power and FL Galaxy, to further develop the Megopoly game, under which the Company paid
Sandbx Corp. monthly fees of 168,500, resulting in 1,622,500 of related party software development costs for the year ended May 31,
2022 . The development agreement with Sandbx Corp. was terminated with the completion of Megopoly in December of 2021. The Company
did not generate any revenue, or incur any software development costs, during our fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 or 2022, and is now
actively seeking licensing arrangements to bring the game to market. 

Employees 

We currently have no full-time employees,
other than our sole officer and director Mr. Lei Pei, who receives no salary. 

Research and Development Expenditures 

We intend to continue to make investments
in research and development and product development in seeking to sustain and improve our competitive position and meet our customers 
needs. 

Government Regulation 

Because of the current regulatory
uncertainties surrounding the Platform, we do not intend to operate the Platform in the United States unless and until we are satisfied
that our operations will not be in violation of any statutes or regulations. At this time, we are unable to determine what governmental
agencies, if any, will have jurisdiction over the Platform, or what effect, if any, those government regulations will have on the Platform.
 Currently, all of our operations consist of outsourced licensing arrangements. 

Patents and Trademarks 

We do not own any patents or trademarks. 

Corporate Information 

Our principal executive offices
are located at 2960 West Sahara Avenue, Las Vegas, Nevada 89102. Our telephone number is (702) 944-5599, and our website is http:// www.wewards.io .
The content on our website is available for information purposes only. It should not be relied upon for investment purposes, nor is it
incorporated by reference into this Report. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We are a smaller reporting company
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

2 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our principal executive offices
consist of 8,015 square feet of office space located at 2960 West Sahara Avenue, Las Vegas, NV 89102. P rior
to September 1, 2020, the Company subleased office space from United Power, Inc. United Power ,
an affiliate of the Company by reason of common ownership with Lei Pei, the Company s sole officer and director and majority shareholder,
at a base monthly rent of 15,000. On September 1, 2020, the Company entered into a lease agreement directly with the building s
owner, Future Property Limited, who is not a related party, for the same monthly rent of 15,000. 

The term of our lease expired on
February 28, 2023, and was amended to continue on a month-to-month basis at 15,000 per month. We have been informed by an independent
real estate broker that the rent being charged by United is consistent with rents being charged by other landlords for commercial space
in the area where the building is located. 

We believe that our current facilities
are adequate for our current needs. We intend to secure new facilities or expand existing facilities as necessary to support future growth.
We believe that suitable additional space will be available on commercially reasonable terms as needed to accommodate our operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There are no material pending legal
proceedings to which we are a party or to which any of our property is subject, nor are there any such proceedings known to be contemplated
by governmental authorities. None of our directors, officers or affiliates is involved in a proceeding adverse to our business or has
a material interest adverse to our business. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

3 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Shares of our common stock trade
on a very limited basis on the over-the-counter market and are quoted on the OTCPink under the symbol WEWA . As of August
26, 2023, the closing price of our common stock on the OTCPink was 2.02. 

The following table sets forth,
for the fiscal quarters indicated, the high and low bid information for our common stock, as reported on the OTCPink. The following quotations
reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

High 
 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2023 

First Quarter 
 
 2.200 

0.025 
 
 Second Quarter 
 
 2.200 

2.200 
 
 Third Quarter 
 
 2.200 

2.020 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 
 2.020 

2.020 

Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2022 

First Quarter 
 
 0.025 

0.025 
 
 Second Quarter 
 
 0.025 

0.025 
 
 Third Quarter 
 
 0.025 

0.025 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 
 0.025 

0.025 

As of August 26, 2023, there were
approximately 75 shareholders of record of our common stock. Such number does not include any shareholders holding shares in nominee or
 street name . As of August 26, 2023, there were 107,483,450 shares of common stock outstanding on record. 

Dividends 

We have not declared or paid any
dividends on our common stock since our inception and do not anticipate paying dividends for the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends
is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and depends, among other things, upon our earnings, our capital requirements, our
financial condition, and other relevant factors. We intend to reinvest any earnings in the development and expansion of our business.
Any cash dividends in the future to common shareholders will be payable when, as and if declared by our board of directors, based upon
the board s assessment of our financial condition and performance, earnings, need for funds, capital requirements, prior claims
of preferred stock to the extent issued and outstanding, and other factors, including income tax consequences, restrictions and applicable
laws. There can be no assurance, therefore, that any dividends on our common stock will ever be paid. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

We currently do not have any equity
compensation plans. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

We are a smaller reporting company
as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

4 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

This discussion summarizes the
significant factors affecting the operating results, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows of the Company and its subsidiaries
for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. The discussion and analysis that follows should be read together with the section entitled
 Forward Looking Statements and our financial statements and the notes to the financial statements
included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Except for historical information,
the matters discussed in this section are forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties and are based upon judgments
concerning various factors that are beyond the Company s control. Consequently, and because forward-looking statements are inherently
subject to risks and uncertainties, the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the
forward-looking statements. You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report. 

Overview 

Wewards, Inc. Wewards 
or the Company was incorporated in Nevada on September 10, 2013, as Betafox Corp. 
On January 8, 2018, we changed our name to Wewards, Inc. 

We have developed and are the owner
of a web-based platform accessible by mobile apps (the Platform that will enable consumers to purchase goods from merchants
and earn rebates payable in the form of Bitcoin. The Platform provides an innovative Bitcoin rewards
ecosystem. It is designed to transform traditional concepts of commerce into a cooperative society where both merchants and consumers
are collaborating, utilizing Bitcoin to reward consumers. The ecosystem provides consumers with rewards each time they complete a challenge
defined by a merchant. This is intended to make the ecommerce process beneficial to all market participants, and to help distribute commercial
wealth among and between the merchants and consumers. We intend to generate revenue by licensing white-label versions of
the Platform to third parties. However, to date, no such license agreement has been entered into, and we have not generated any revenues
from the Platform. 

On April 2, 2020, we purchased intellectual
property rights IP from United Power, a Nevada corporation under common ownership
with Lei Pei, our sole officer and director and majority shareholder, for cash consideration of 179,300, based o n a price determined
by an independent valuation. 

The
IP consists of technology and related rights associated with the game Megopoly, an MMO (Massively Multiplayer Online Game).
Megopoly is an MMO board game where players are able to earn fractions of Bitcoins (satoshi) through buying, selling, and managing virtual
real estate properties using in-game currency (Megopoly Coins). The game is similar in some respects to Monopoly. 

The game allows players around the
world to interact with each other online. Players travel (move) through different parts of a city, earning profit by investing in properties,
charging rent, acquiring bonus assets, and selling their properties to other players for in-game currency. A player is able to progress
to higher levels of cities at any time. 

The player s goal in Megopoly
is to earn Megopoly Coins by investing in properties and collecting rent from other players. Players can keep playing the game using their
Megopoly Coins for the opportunity to earn more coins, or they can exchange those coins for Bitcoins based on real-time market exchange
rates. Megopoly is playable at any time through a web browser on a PC, tablet or smart phone, in both Chinese and English. The game has
been designed for players of all skill levels. 

We
entered into an agreement in January of 2021 with Sandbx Corp., a company owned by the Chief Operating Officer of United Power
and FL Galaxy, related parties to the Company, as our Chief Executive Officer, Lei Pei, is also the Chief Executive Officer of United
Power and FL Galaxy, to further develop the Megopoly game, under which the Company paid Sandbx Corp.
monthly fees of 168,500, resulting in 1,622,500 of related party software development costs for the year ended May 31, 2022 .
The development agreement with Sandbx Corp. was terminated with the completion of Megopoly in December of 2021. We did not generate any
revenue, or incur any software development costs, during our fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 or 2022, and are now actively seeking licensing
arrangements to bring the game to market. 

5 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The establishment and consistent
application of accounting policies is a vital component of accurately and fairly presenting our financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ), as well as ensuring compliance with applicable laws
and regulations governing financial reporting. While there are rarely alternative methods or rules from which to select in establishing
accounting and financial reporting policies, proper application often involves significant judgment regarding a given set of facts and
circumstances and a complex series of decisions. 

Concentrations of Credit Risk 

The Company maintains our cash in
bank deposit accounts, the balances of which at times may exceed federally insured limits. Accounts are guaranteed by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to 250,000 under current regulations. The Company had approximately 640,755 and 890,382 in excess of
FDIC insured limits at May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue in
accordance with ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. Under ASC 606, the Company recognizes revenue from the licensing
of our software by applying the following steps: (1) identify the contract with a customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in
the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation in the contract;
and (5) recognize revenue when each performance obligation is satisfied. All revenues to date have been recognized from licensing Megopoly
and related IP to Sandbx Corp., a separate company owned by the Chief Operating Officer of
United Power and FL Galaxy, related parties of the Company, as our Chief Executive Officer, Lei Pei, is also the Chief Executive
Officer of United Power and FL Galaxy. 

We derive
revenue principally from licensing our intellectual property, including our game, and related extra content and services that can be utilized
by players of our game. Our product and service offerings include, but are not limited to, licensing to third parties software
license to distribute and host our games and content Online-Hosted Service Games ). 

We evaluate
and recognize revenue by: 

identifying the contract(s) with the customer; 

identifying the performance obligations in the contract; 

determining the transaction price; 

allocating the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and 

recognizing revenue as each performance obligation is satisfied through the transfer of a promised good
or service to a customer (i.e., transfer of control ). 

Online-Hosted
Service Games. Sales of our Online-Hosted Service Games are determined to have one distinct performance obligation: the online hosting.
We recognize revenue from these arrangements as the service is provided through our licensing agreement(s). 

Licensing Revenue 

We utilize
third-party licensees to distribute and host our games and content in accordance with license agreements, for which the licensees typically
pay us a fixed minimum guarantee and/or sales-based royalties. These arrangements typically include multiple performance obligations,
such as a time-based license of software and future update rights. We recognize as revenue a portion of the minimum guarantee when we
transfer control of the license of software (generally upon commercial launch) and the remaining portion ratably over the contractual
term in which we provide the licensee with future update rights. Any sales-based royalties are generally recognized as the related sales
occur by the licensee. 

Significant Judgments
around Revenue Arrangements 

Identifying
performance obligations. Performance obligations promised in a contract are identified based on the goods and services that will be
transferred to the customer that are both capable of being distinct, (i.e., the customer can benefit from the goods or services either
on its own or together with other resources that are readily available), and are distinct in the context of the contract (i.e., it is
separately identifiable from other goods or services in the contract). To the extent a contract includes multiple promises, we must apply
judgment to determine whether those promises are separate and distinct performance obligations. If these criteria are not met, the promises
are accounted for as a combined performance obligation. 

6 

Determining
the transaction price. The transaction price is determined based on the consideration that we will be entitled to receive in exchange
for transferring our goods and services to the customer. Determining the transaction price often requires judgment, based on an assessment
of contractual terms and business practices. It further includes review of variable consideration such as discounts, sales returns, price
protection, and rebates, which is estimated at the time of the transaction. In addition, the transaction price does not include an estimate
of the variable consideration related to sales-based royalties. Sales-based royalties are recognized as the sales occur. 

Allocating
the transaction price. Allocating the transaction price requires that we determine an estimate of the relative stand-alone selling
price for each distinct performance obligation. Determining the relative stand-alone selling price is inherently subjective, especially
in situations where we do not sell the performance obligation on a stand-alone basis (which occurs in the majority of our transactions).
In those situations, we determine the relative stand-alone selling price based on various observable inputs using all information that
is reasonably available. Examples of observable inputs and information include: historical internal pricing data, cost plus margin analyses,
third-party external pricing of similar or same products and services such as software licenses and maintenance support within the enterprise
software industry. The results of our analysis resulted in a specific percentage of the transaction price being allocated to each performance
obligation. 

Determining
the Estimated Offering Period. The offering period is the period in which we offer to provide the future update rights and/or online
hosting for the game. Because the offering period is not an explicitly defined period, we must make an estimate of the offering period
for the service-related performance obligations (i.e., future update rights and online hosting). Determining the Estimated Offering Period
is inherently subjective and is subject to regular revision. Generally, we consider the specified contract period of our software licenses
and therefore, the offering period is estimated to be over the term of the license. We recognize revenue for future update rights and
online hosting performance obligations ratably on a straight-line basis over this period as there is a consistent pattern of delivery
for these performance obligations. 

Software Development Costs 

The Company expenses software development
costs, including costs to develop software products or the software component of products to be sold, leased, or marketed to external
users, before technological feasibility is reached. Technological feasibility is typically reached shortly before the release of such
products. Software development costs also include costs to develop software to be used solely to meet internal needs and cloud-based applications
used to deliver our services. The Company capitalizes development costs related to these software applications once the preliminary project
stage is complete and it is probable that the project will be completed, and the software will be used to perform the function intended.
Capitalization ends, and amortization begins when the product is available for general release to customers. 

Results of Operations for the Years Ended May 31,
2023 and 2022: 

The following table summarizes selected
items from the statement of operations for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Years Ended 

May 31, 
 May 31, 
 Increase / 

2023 
 2022 
 (Decrease) 
 
 Revenues, related party 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 
 2,839 
 2,866 
 (27 
 
 Software development, related party 
 
 1,622,500 
 (1,622,500 
 
 Rent expense 
 180,000 
 180,000 

Professional fees 
 62,492 
 59,943 
 2,549 
 
 Total operating expenses: 
 245,331 
 1,865,309 
 (1,619,978 

Operating loss 
 (245,331 
 (1,865,309 
 (1,619,978 

Total other income 
 (515,359 
 (518,486 
 (3,127 

Net loss 
 (760,690 
 (2,383,795 
 (1,623,105 

Revenues, Related Party 

We did not generate any revenues
during our fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 or 2022. We are not currently engaged in revenue producing activities. 

7 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses
for the year ended May 31, 2023 were 2,839, compared to 2,866 during the year ended May 31, 2022, a decrease of 27, or 1 . The
expenses consisted primarily of office, travel, compliance and business development expenses. General and administrative expense decreased
during the current period due to decreased office supplies. 

Software Development, Related Party 

There were no software development
expenses for the year ended May 31, 2023, compared to the 1,622,500 of expenses incurred during the year ended May 31, 2022.
The software development costs relate to improvements in the Megopoly game performed by Sandbx .
The decrease was due to work performed to enhance the Company s Megopoly game in the prior year that was not carried out in the
current year, as the development agreement with Sandbx Corp. was terminated in December of 2021. 

Rent Expense 

Rent expense was 180,000 during
both years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. Rent expense consisted of subleased office space under a lease that terminated on February
28, 2023, and was amended to continue on a month-to-month basis, thereafter. 

Professional Fees 

Professional fees for the year ended
May 31, 2023 were 62,492, compared to 59,943 during the year ended May 31, 2022, an increase of 2,549, or 4 . Professional fees
increased primarily due to increased legal and accounting professionals incurred during the current period. 

Operating Loss 

Our operating loss for the year
ended May 31, 2023 was 245,331, compared to 1,865,309 during the year ended May 31, 2022, a decrease of 1,619,978, or 87 . Our
operating loss decreased primarily due to 1,622,500 of software development fees incurred during the comparative period that was not
present in the current period due to the termination of the development agreement with Sandbx Corp. in December of 2021. 

Other Income (Expense) 

Other expense, on a net basis, for
the year ended May 31, 2023 was 515,359, compared to other expense, on a net basis, of 518,486 during the year ended May 31, 2022, a
decrease of 3,127, or 1 . Other expense consisted of 525,000 of interest expense on related party loans, as offset by 9,641 of interest
income for the year ended May 31, 2023. Other expense consisted of 525,000 of interest expense on related party loans, as offset
by 6,514 of interest income for the year ended May 31, 2022. Other expense, on a net basis, decreased primarily due to improved interest
rates that resulted in 3,127 of additional interest income on cash balances in the current period that reduced our total other expense,
on a net basis. 

Net Loss 

Net loss for the year ended May
31, 2023 was 760,690, compared to 2,838,795 during the year ended May 31, 2022, a decrease of 1,623,105, or 68 . The decreased
net loss was due primarily to 1,622,500 of software development fees incurred during the comparative period that was not present in the
current period due to the termination of the development agreement with Sandbx Corp. in December of 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of May 31, 2023, the Company
had current assets of 889,992, comprised almost entirely of cash. The Company's current liabilities as of May 31, 2023 were 5,494,567,
consisting of 100 of accounts payable, 2,994,467 of accrued interest and 2,500,000 of current maturities of related party convertible
debts. 

The following table summarizes our
total current assets, liabilities and working capital at May 31, 2023 and 2022. 

May 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Current Assets 
 889,992 
 1,140,682 

Current Liabilities 
 5,494,567 
 2,615,175 

Working Capital 
 (4,604,575 
 (1,474,493 

8 

The following table summarizes our
cash flows during the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Years Ended 

May 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (250,977 
 (1,859,416 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net change in cash 
 (250,977 
 (1,859,416 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

We have not generated positive cash
flows from operating activities. During the year ended May 31, 2023, net cash flows used in operating activities was 250,977. For the
year ended May 31, 2022, net cash flows used in operating activities was 1,859,416. The decrease in cash used in operating
activities is primarily attributable to our decreased net loss. 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 

During the years ended May
31, 2023 and 2022, we did not use any cash in investing activities. 

Net Cash Used in Financing Activities 

During the years ended May
31, 2023 and 2022, we did not use any cash in financing activities. 

Satisfaction of our Cash Obligations for the Next
12 Months 

As of May 31, 2023, our balance
of cash on hand was 889,405, and we had negative working capital of 4,604,575. We do not currently have sufficient funds to fund our
operations at their current levels for the next twelve months. As we continue to develop our business and attempt to expand operational
activities, we expect to continue to experience net negative cash flows from operations in amounts not now determinable, and will be required
to obtain additional financing to fund operations. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise additional
capital and to achieve sustainable revenues and profitable operations. Since our CEO and majority shareholder, Mr. Pei, acquired control
over the Company in May 2015, we have been wholly dependent upon him and his affiliated companies, to provide financing to us when needed,
generally in the form of convertible loans. There can be no assurance that Mr. Pei will continue to make additional financing available
to us when needed. 

We will need additional funds to
repay our related party debts should they not be converted to equity. No assurance can be given that any future financing will be available
or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to us. Even if we are able to obtain additional financing (whether from
our affiliates or third parties), the terms of such financing may contain undue restrictions on our operations and result in substantial
dilution for our stockholders. We cannot guarantee that we will ever become profitable. Even if we achieve profitability, given the competitive
and evolving nature of the industry in which we operate, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability, and our failure to do
so would adversely affect our business, including our ability to raise additional funds. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no outstanding off-balance
sheet guarantees, interest rate swap transactions or foreign currency contracts. We do not engage in trading activities involving non-exchange
traded contracts. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We are a smaller reporting company
as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

9 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

WEWARDS, INC. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED MAY 31, 2023 AND 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: 
 
 F-1 
 
 Balance Sheets as of May 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

10 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of Wewards, Inc., 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of
Wewards, Inc. the Company as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity
(deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended May 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year
period ended May 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered
net losses from operations, has a net capital deficiency, and has negative cash flow from operations which raises substantial doubt about
its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding those matters are discussed in Note 2. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform,
an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 1 

Going Concern 

As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements,
the Company had a going concern due to a working capital deficiency, stockholders deficiency, and negative cash flows from operations.
Auditing management s evaluation of a going concern can be a significant judgment given the fact that the Company uses management
estimates on future revenues and expenses, which are not able to be substantiated. To evaluate the appropriateness of the going concern,
we examined and evaluated the financial information that was the initial cause along with management s plans to mitigate the going
concern and management s disclosure on going concern. 

/s/M K CPAS, PLLC 

 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

 Houston, TX 

 August 31, 2023 

F- 2 

WEWARDS,
INC. 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

May 31, 
 May 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expense 

Total current assets 

Right-of-use asset 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest, related parties 

Current maturities of convertible notes payable, related party 

Current maturities of operating lease obligation, related party 

Total current liabilities 

Long term liabilities: 

Convertible notes payable, related party, net of current maturities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders' equity (deficit): 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders' equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficit) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 3 

WEWARDS, INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended 

May 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Revenue, related party 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative 

Software development, related party 

Rent expense 

Professional fees 

Total operating expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense, related party 

Interest income 

Total other income (expense) 

Net loss 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

Net loss per share 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

WEWARDS, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance, May 31, 2021 

Net loss for the year ended May 31, 2022 

Balance, May 31, 2022 

Net loss for the year ended May 31, 2023 

Balance, May 31, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

WEWARDS, INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

May 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Decrease (increase) in assets: 

Prepaid expenses 

Right-of-use asset 

Increase (decrease) in liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued interest, related party 

Operating lease obligation, related party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

NET CHANGE IN CASH 

CASH AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AT END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

WEWARDS, INC. 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 shares of
common stock of the Company (the Shares owned by the Seller, constituting approximately of the Company s 
issued and outstanding common shares at such time, for . In October 2015, the Purchaser
sold the Shares to Mr. Lei Pei, an affiliate of the Purchaser, in consideration of Mr. Pei s agreement to serve as our
director and CEO. On January 8, 2018, by consent of Lei Pei as the Company s principal shareholder, the Company changed its
name to Wewards, Inc. The Company s corporate office is located in Las Vegas, Nevada. 

We have developed and are the owner of a web-based
platform accessible by mobile apps (the Platform that will enable consumers to purchase goods from merchants and earn rebates
payable in the form of Bitcoin. The Platform provides an innovative Bitcoin rewards ecosystem. It
is designed to transform traditional concepts of commerce into a cooperative society where both merchants and consumers are collaborating,
utilizing Bitcoin to reward consumers. The ecosystem provides consumers with rewards each time they complete a challenge defined by a
merchant. This is intended to make the ecommerce process beneficial to all market participants, and to help distribute commercial wealth
among and between the merchants and consumers. We intend to generate revenue by licensing white-label versions of the Platform
to third parties. However, to date, no such license agreement has been entered into, and we have not generated any revenues from the Platform. 

On April 2, 2020, we purchased intellectual property
rights IP from United Power, a Nevada corporation under common ownership with
Lei Pei, our sole officer and director and majority shareholder, for cash consideration of , based o n a price determined
by an independent valuation. 

The IP consists
of technology and related rights associated with the game Megopoly, an MMO (Massively Multiplayer Online Game). Megopoly is
an MMO board game where players are able to earn fractions of Bitcoins (satoshi) through buying, selling, and managing virtual real estate
properties using in-game currency (Megopoly Coins). The game is similar in some respects to Monopoly. 

The game allows players around the world to interact
with each other online. Players travel (move) through different parts of a city, earning profit by investing in properties, charging rent,
acquiring bonus assets, and selling their properties to other players for in-game currency. A player is able to progress to higher levels
of cities at any time. 

The player s goal in Megopoly is to earn Megopoly
Coins by investing in properties and collecting rent from other players. Players can keep playing the game using their Megopoly Coins
for the opportunity to earn more coins, or they can exchange those coins for Bitcoins based on real-time market exchange rates. 

Megopoly is playable at any time through a web browser
on a PC, tablet or smart phone, in both Chinese and English. The game has been designed for players of all skill levels. To date, we have
not generated any revenue from Megopoly other than pursuant to related party agreements as described below. 

The Company entered into an agreement in January
of 2021 with Sandbx Corp., a separate company owned by the Chief Operating Officer of United
Power and FL Galaxy, related parties to the Company, as our Chief Executive Officer, Lei Pei, is also the Chief Executive Officer
of United Power and FL Galaxy to further develop the Megopoly game, under which the Company paid Sandbx Corp. monthly fees of ,
resulting in of related
party software development costs for the year ended May 31, 2022. The development agreement with Sandbx
Corp. was terminated with the completion of Megopoly in December of 2021. The Company did not generate any revenue, or incur any software development costs,
during our fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 or 2022, and is now actively seeking licensing arrangements
to bring the game to market. 

under current regulations. The Company had approximately and in excess of FDIC insured limits
at May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

Determining the Estimated
Offering Period. The offering period is the period in which we offer to provide the future update rights and/or online hosting for
the game. Because the offering period is not an explicitly defined period, we must make an estimate of the offering period for the service-related
performance obligations (i.e., future update rights and online hosting). Determining the Estimated Offering Period is inherently subjective
and is subject to regular revision. Generally, we consider the specified contract period of our software licenses
and therefore, the offering period is estimated to be over the term of the license. We recognize revenue for future update rights and
online hosting performance obligations ratably on a straight-line basis over this period as there is a consistent pattern of delivery
for these performance obligations. 

and had negative
working capital of , and as of May 31, 2023, the Company s cash on hand may not be sufficient to sustain operations.
These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management is actively pursuing
licensing agreements to commence revenues. Since our CEO and majority shareholder, Mr. Pei, acquired control over the Company in May 2015,
we have been wholly dependent upon him and his affiliated companies, to provide financing to us when needed, generally in the form of
convertible loans. There can be no assurance that Mr. Pei will continue to make additional financing available to us when needed. The
accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going
concern. 

The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of any uncertainty as to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial
statements also do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts
and classifications of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

per
hour of service. The Company paid Sandbox 
for services provided under this Statement of Work during the year ended May 31, 2022. The development agreement with Sandbx Corp.
was terminated in December of 2021. 

Convertible Notes Payable, Related Party 

 As disclosed
in Note 5, below, the Company has received a total of in exchange for convertible notes owed to Sky Rover Holdings,
Ltd Sky Rover ), an entity owned and controlled by Mr. Pei . Sky Rover has since been
dissolved, and Mr. Pei has assumed the debt as the beneficial owner. 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Convertible notes payable, related party 

Total liabilities 

Total 

Fair Value Measurements at May 31, 2022 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Assets 

Cash 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Convertible notes payable, related party 

Total liabilities 

Total 

The fair values of our related party debts are deemed
to approximate book value, and are considered Level 2 and 3 inputs as defined by ASC Topic 820-10-35. 

There were no transfers of financial assets or liabilities
between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 inputs for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. 

to the Company, of which was loaned on February 28, 2017. Sky Rover was issued an unsecured, , convertible promissory note which is due on (as extended), and is, in whole or in part, at the option of the holder, convertible into common shares at any time before the due date, at a conversion price of per share (subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, forward splits, recapitalizations, a merger, etc.). At the option of the Company, the interest may also be paid by issuing restricted shares of common stock, at the same conversion price per share. On June 26, 2018, the Company repaid of principal of this loan. In addition, Sky Rover converted of principal of this loan into common shares at the conversion price of per share into a total of shares. Sky Rover waived accrued and unpaid interest of , which was credited to additional paid in capital. As of May 31, 2023, there is of accrued interest due on this loan. 

On November 20, 2017, Sky Rover loaned an additional to the Company. Sky Rover was issued an unsecured, , convertible promissory note which is due on (as extended), and is, in whole or in part, at the option of the holder, convertible into common shares at any time before the due date, at a conversion price of per share (subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, forward splits, recapitalizations, a merger, etc.). At the option of the Company, the interest may also be paid by issuing restricted shares of common stock, at the same conversion price per share. As of May 31, 2023, there is of accrued interest on this loan. 

Total convertible notes payable, related party 

Less: current portion 

Convertible notes payable, related party, less current portion 

If Sky Rover converts the remaining of
principal on the Convertible Notes at the present conversion price of 0.08 per share into shares, then those shares, plus
the shares Mr. Pei currently owns, would give him beneficial ownership of shares of the Company s 
then-issued and outstanding shares (assuming that no other shares are issued prior to conversion), which would approximate of the
then-outstanding shares. 

The Company recognized of interest expense
on related party convertible notes for each of the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. 

.
The Company is occupying the space for executive and administrative offices. The lease expired
on February 28, 2023, and was amended to continue on a month-to-month basis at 15,000 per month. Rent expense for each
of the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 was . The
Company has accounted for the lease, as follows: 

The components of lease expense were as follows: 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Lease payments on short term leases 

Total operating lease cost 

Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Noncurrent operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liability 

Weighted average remaining lease term: 

Operating leases 
 
 None 
 
 years 

Weighted average discount rate: 

Operating lease 

Supplemental cash flow and other information related to operating leases
was as follows: 

Rent expense was and for the years
ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

shares, par value per share. The voting powers, conversion features, if any, designations, preferences,
limitations, restrictions and other rights of each series of preferred stock shall be prescribed by resolution of the Board of Directors
at the time a specific series of preferred stock is designated. ne of the preferred shares have been designated or issued as of the
date of this Report. 

Common Stock 

 The Company has authorized shares of 
par value Common Stock, and had shares issued and outstanding as of May 31, 2023. 

of federal net operating losses. The net operating loss carry forwards, if not utilized, will begin to expire in 2034. 

The effective income tax rate for the years ended
May 31, 2023 and 2022 consisted of the following: 

State income taxes 

Change in valuation allowance 

Net effective income tax rate 

The components of the Company s deferred tax
asset are as follows: 

Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Based on the available objective evidence, including
the Company s history of its loss, management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred tax assets will not be fully
realizable. Accordingly, the Company provided for a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets at May 31, 2023 and 2022,
respectively. 

In accordance with FASB ASC 740, the Company has evaluated
its tax positions and determined there are no uncertain tax positions. 

F- 15 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS
WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation
of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Financial Officer, who is one and the same, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of May 31, 2023 (the Evaluation Date ). The term disclosure controls and procedures, 
as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls
and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a
company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including
its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management
recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving
their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and
procedures. 

Based upon that evaluation, our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, who is one and the same, have concluded, as of the end of the period covered by this
Annual Report, that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as a result of the identified material weakness in internal
control over financial reporting, the nature of which is summarized below. 

Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the
risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 

Management has conducted, with the
participation of our Principal Executive Officer and our Principal Accounting Officer, who is one and the same, an assessment, including
testing of the effectiveness, of our internal control over financial reporting as of Evaluation Date. Management's assessment of internal
control over financial reporting was conducted using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). 

A material weakness is a deficiency,
or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In connection with management's
assessment of our internal control over financial reporting as required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we have determined
that there were control deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses, as described below : 

1. We do not have an Audit Committee While not being legally obligated to have an audit committee,
it is management s view that such a committee, including a financial expert member, is an important entity level control over the
Company s financial statements. Currently the single-member Board of Directors acts in the capacity of the Audit Committee, and
does not include a member that is considered to be independent of management to provide the necessary oversight over management s
activities. 

2. We did not maintain appropriate cash controls As of May 31, 2023, the Company has not maintained
sufficient internal controls over financial reporting for the cash process, including failure to segregate cash handling and accounting
functions, and did not require dual signature on the Company s bank accounts. 

3. Lack of segregation of duties We have no employees other than our CEO and CFO, who are one and
the same person. Therefore, all accounting information is currently reviewed only by one person. 

11 

4. Related parties The Company has no formal process related to the identification and approval of
related party transactions. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) or in other factors that
occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter of 2018 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

12 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Set forth below is information on
our sole director and executive officer. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Lei Pei 
 
 45 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer, Secretary and sole Director 

Lei Pei has
been our sole director and executive officer since April 2015. Mr. Pei holds a Bachelor s degree in International Economic Law from
Nankai University, China and a Master s degree in International Business Law from the University of Manchester, UK. Mr. Pei has
previously served as a consultant to global, top 10 law firms regarding Chinese law related matters. Mr. Pei served as Legal Counsel for
Liberty Co. Solicitors in London, UK, from 2002 to 2005. He was a lawyer with the Beijing Concord Partners from 2005 to 2007,
and then with the Beijing office of the international law firm, Hogan Lovells, from 2007 to 2008. He served as a Managing Partner with
King Bond Law Firm in Beijing from 2008 to 2010. From 2010 to 2013, Mr. Pei served as the Co-founder and General Manager of Lawspirit
Education Group Limited in Beijing, China. He is also the sole shareholder and officer of Sky Rover Holdings, Ltd. 

Family Relationships 

None. 

Board Committees and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

We do not currently have a standing
audit, nominating or compensation committee of the board of directors, or any committee performing similar functions. Our board of directors
performs the functions of audit, nominating and compensation committees. As of the date of this prospectus, no member of our board of
directors qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K promulgated under
the Securities Act. 

Director Nominations 

As of May 31, 2023, we did not affect
any material changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. We have not established
formal procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Company s board of directors. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act
requires the Company s directors, executive officers and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of the Company s
securities to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock and other equity securities
of the Company. Directors, executive officers and greater than 10 stockholders are required by SEC regulation to furnish the Company
with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. To our knowledge, based solely on the review of the copies of these forms furnished
to us and representations that no other reports were required, the Company believes that all forms required to be filed under Section
16 of the Exchange Act for the year ended May 31, 2023 were filed timely. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION. 

Officer Compensation 

We did not pay or accrue any compensation
during the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 to Mr. Pei, who was our only executive officer during the fiscal year ended May 31,
2023. 

We have no employment agreement
with Mr. Pei, and do not currently contemplate entering into any employment agreement. 

There are no stock option plans,
retirement, pension, or profit-sharing plans for the benefit of our current sole officer and director. 

Director Compensation 

The sole member of our board of
directors is not compensated for his services as a director. 

13 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The following table sets forth,
as of August 15, 2023, certain information with regard to the record and beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock by (i)
each person known to the Company to be the record or beneficial owner of 5 or more of the Company s common stock, (ii) each director
of the Company, (iii) each of the named executive officers, and (iv) all executive officers and directors of the Company as a group. The
address of each of our directors and executive officers named in the table is c/o Wewards, Inc., 2960 West Sahara Avenue, Las Vegas,
Nevada 89102: 

Common Stock 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 Name of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares 
 
 of Class (2) 
 
 Number of Shares 
 
 of Class 
 
 Officers and Directors: 

Lei Pei, CEO (3) 
 101,353,450 
 
 94.3 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Directors and Officers as a Group (1 person) 
 101,353,450 
 
 94.3 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 less than 1 

(1) Except as indicated in the footnotes to this table and pursuant to applicable community property laws,
the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock owned
by such person. 

(2) Percentage of beneficial ownership is based upon 107,483,450 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of
August 15, 2023. For each named person, this percentage includes Common Stock that the person has the right to acquire either
currently or within 60 days of August 15, 2023, including through the exercise of an option; however, such Common Stock is not
deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage owned by any other person. 

(3) Includes 30,406,035 shares owned by the LFA Irrevocable Trust DTD 7/31/18 for the benefit of Mr. Lei
Pei s children, for which Mr. Pei s wife, Mrs. Chenfang Wang, is the sole trustee, and 30,406,035 shares owned by the
LFC Irrevocable Trust DTD 7/31/18 for the benefit of Mr. Lei Pei s children, for which Mr. Pei s wife, Mrs. Chenfang
Wang, is the sole trustee. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS
AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Director Independence 

Mr. Lei Pei is our only director.
Mr. Pei is not independent in accordance with the NASDAQ Global Market s requirements. However, as our common stock
is currently quoted on the OTCPink, we are not currently subject to corporate governance standards of listed companies. 

Convertible Promissory Notes 

On February 26, 2017, Sky Rover
Holdings, Ltd Sky Rover), which is owned and controlled by Mr. Pei, agreed to loan up to 20,000,000 to the Company, of which
 8,000,000 was loaned on February 28, 2017. Sky Rover was issued an unsecured, 5 , convertible promissory note which is due on February
28, 2022 (as extended), and is, in whole or in part, at the option of the holder, convertible into common shares at any time before the
due date, at a conversion price of 0.08 per share (subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, forward splits, recapitalizations,
a merger, etc.). At the option of the Company, the interest may also be paid by issuing restricted shares of common stock, at the same
conversion price per share. On June 26, 2018, the Company repaid 4,000,000 of principal of this loan. In addition, Sky Rover converted
 1,500,000 of principal of this loan into common shares at the conversion price of 0.08 per share into a total of 18,750,000 shares.
Sky Rover waived accrued and unpaid interest of 363,904, which was credited to additional paid in capital. As of May 31, 2023, there
is 782,960 of accrued interest due on this loan. 

On November 20, 2017, Sky Rover
loaned an additional 8,000,000 to the Company. Sky Rover was issued an unsecured, 5 , convertible promissory note which is due on November
20, 2022 (as extended), and is, in whole or in part, at the option of the holder, convertible into common shares at any time before the
due date, at a conversion price of 0.08 per share (subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, forward splits, recapitalizations,
a merger, etc.). At the option of the Company, the interest may also be paid by issuing restricted shares of common stock, at the same
conversion price per share. As of May 31, 2023, there is 2,211,507 of accrued interest on this loan. 

14 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

All audit work was performed by
the full-time employees of M K CPAS, PLLC M K for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. Our board of directors
does not have an audit committee. The functions customarily delegated to an audit committee are performed by our full board of directors.
Our board of directors approves in advance, all services performed by M K. Our board of directors has considered whether the provision
of non-audit services is compatible with maintaining the principal accountant s independence, and has approved such services. 

The following table sets forth fees
billed by our auditors during the last two fiscal years for services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and the
review of our quarterly financial statements, services by our auditors that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or
review of our financial statements and that are not reported as audit fees, services rendered in connection with tax compliance, tax advice
and tax planning, and all other fees for services rendered. 

Years Ended May 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit fees: (1) 

M K CPAS, PLLC 
 27,250 
 24,500 
 
 Prager Metis CPA s LLC 

Audit related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total 
 27,250 
 24,500 

(1) Audit fees were principally for audit services and work
performed in the review of the Company s quarterly reports on Form 10-Q 

15 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference
to Exhibit 8.03 of the Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Wewards, Inc. on March 1, 2017) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation dated January 18,
2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Form 8-A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Wewards, Inc. on July
2, 2018) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Wewards, Inc. on August 8, 2014) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Wewards, Inc. on August 31, 2022) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Intellectual Property Rights Purchase and Transfer Agreement between Wewards, Inc. and United Power, Inc., dated as of April 2, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Wewards, Inc. on August 31, 2020) 
 
 10.2 
 
 License Agreement between Wewards, Inc. and Sandbx Corp., dated as of April 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Wewards, Inc. on August 31, 2020) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Lease Agreement between Wewards, Inc. and Future Property Limited, dated as of September 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Wewards, Inc. on October 9, 2020) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Statement of Work Agreement between Wewards, Inc. and Sandbx Corp., dated as of January 4, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Wewards, Inc. on January 14, 2021) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Lease Agreement between Wewards, Inc. and Future Property Limited, dated as of March 1, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission by Wewards, Inc. on April 14, 2023) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive
Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in IXBRL, and included in exhibit
101) 
 
 Filed herewith. 

16 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

WEWARDS, INC. 

(Registrant) 

By: 
 /s/ Lei Pei 

Lei Pei 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

Dated: 
 August 29, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant, and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Lei Pei 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 August 29, 2023 
 
 Lei Pei 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer) 

17 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 wewa_ex31z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

WEWARDS, INC. 
 
CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
RULE 13A-14(A) OR RULE 15D-14(A), 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
RULE 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Lei Pei, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of Wewards, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Lei
Pei 

 Lei Pei 

 Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer 

Dated: August 29, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 wewa_ex32z1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

 WEWARDS,
INC. 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Wewards, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lei Pei, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Lei Pei 
 Lei Pei 
 
 Date: August 29, 2023 
 
 Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 wewa-20230531.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 wewa-20230531_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 wewa-20230531_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 wewa-20230531_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

