<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230821_10-K_edgar_data_1718500_0001520138-23-000335.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6096321</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>223867</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1228279</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1719885</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1220509</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1542566</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001520138-23-000335.hdr.sgml : 20230821
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230821163045
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001520138-23-000335
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230821
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230821

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Reviv3 Procare Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001718500
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PERFUMES, COSMETICS & OTHER TOILET PREPARATIONS [2844]
		IRS NUMBER:				474125218
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56351
		FILM NUMBER:		231189550

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		901 S. FREMONT AVE.
		STREET 2:		UNIT 158
		CITY:			ALHAMBRA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91803
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-638-8883

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		901 S. FREMONT AVE.
		STREET 2:		UNIT 158
		CITY:			ALHAMBRA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91803

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001520138-23-000335.txt : 20230821

10-K
 1
 rviv-20230531_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D. C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2023 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 , 

(Zip Code) 
 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number including area
code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g)
of the Act: Common stock, par value 0.0001 per share 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 YES 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act: 

 YES 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 
 NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 
 NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those
error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). YES 

As of November 30, 2022 the last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of
the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates was .13.
For purposes of this computation, all officers, directors and 10 beneficial owners of the registrant are deemed to be affiliates. Such
determination should not be deemed to be an admission that such officers, directors or 10 beneficial owners are, in fact, affiliates
of the registrant. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each
of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Shares Outstanding 
 
 Title of Class 
 August 17, 2023 
 
 Common Stock 

Documents incorporated by reference: 

Table of Contents 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information 

PART I 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS. 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 5 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 5 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 6 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 6 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 6 

PART II 
 7 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 7 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 8 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 8 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 13 
 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 13 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 13 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 13 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 14 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 14 

PART III 
 15 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 15 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 18 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 19 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 21 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 
 22 

PART IV 
 23 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 23 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 25 

SIGNATURES 
 25 

- i - 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K, in particular
Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains
certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the
 Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
These forward-looking statements represent our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies concerning future events, including,
but not limited to, any statements regarding our assumptions about financial performance; the continuation of historical trends; the
sufficiency of our cash balances for future liquidity and capital resource needs; the expected impact of changes in accounting
policies on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows; anticipated problems and our plans for future operations;
and the economy in general or the future of the beauty and hair care industry and the hearing protection and ear bud business, all
of which were subject to various risks and uncertainties. 

There
are a number of factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those indicated in the forward-looking statements, many
of which are outside of our control. They include: the impact of unstable market and general economic conditions on our business,
financial condition and stock price, including inflationary cost pressures, decreased discretionary consumer spending, supply chain
disruptions and constraints, labor shortages, ongoing economic disruption, including the effects of the Ukraine-Russia conflict, and
other downturns in the business cycle or the economy; our financial performance and liquidity, including our ability to successfully
generate sufficient revenue to support our operations; our ability to repay our outstanding loans; risks related to our operations
and international markets, such as fluctuations in currency exchange rates, different regulatory environments, trade barriers and
sanctions, exchange controls, and social and political instability; changes in the regulatory environment in which we operate,
including environmental, health and safety regulations, including those related to climate change; our ability to protect and defend
our intellectual property; continuity and security of information technology infrastructure and the potential impact of
cybersecurity breaches or disruptions to our management information systems; competition; our ability to retain our management and
employees and the potential impact of ongoing labor shortages; demands on management resources; availability and cost of the raw
materials we use to manufacture our products, including the impacts of inflationary cost pressures and ongoing supply chain
disruptions and constraints, which have been, and may continue to be, exacerbated by the Russia-Ukraine conflict; additional tax
expenses or exposures; product liability claims; the potential outcome of any legal or regulatory proceedings; integrating
acquisitions and achieving the expected savings and synergies, including our recent acquisition of hearing protection and ear bud
businesses; global or regional catastrophic events, including the effects of natural disasters, which may be worsened by the impact
of climate change; demand for and market acceptance of our products, as well as our ability to successfully anticipate consumer
trends; business divestitures; labor relations; the potential impact of environmental, social and governance matters; and
implementation of environmental remediation matters. 

When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other reports, statements,
and information we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), in our press releases, presentations to
securities analysts or investors, in oral statements made by or with the approval of an executive officer, the words or phrases believes, 
 may, will, expect, should, could, would, continue, 
 anticipate, intend, likely, estimate, project, plan, 
 design, potential or similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. However, any statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed
to be forward-looking statements. Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. We caution that these statements by their nature involve risks and uncertainties, certain of which are beyond our control, and actual
results may differ materially depending on a variety of important factors. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of our
future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, estimates and assumptions that are difficult to predict. 

We do not assume the obligation to update any forward-looking statement,
except as required by applicable law. You should carefully evaluate such statements in light of factors described in this annual report.
In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Reviv3 Procare Company Reviv3 Procare, the Company, we, 
 us, and our has identified material factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historic
results. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider
any such list to be a complete list of all potential risks or uncertainties. 

- ii - 

PART I 

ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS. 

General 

Reviv3 is engaged in the manufacturing,
marketing, sale and distribution of high-tech, innovative hearing and audio enhancement and protection products that provide
cutting-edge solutions for people with varied applications across many industries and professional quality hair and skin care
products under various trademarks and brands. The Company is not, and has not been at any time, a shell company. On June 16, 2022 we
completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Axil Associated Brands
Corp. AXIL ), a leader in hearing and audio enhancement and protection . We operate on a fiscal year ending May
31. 

Our Segments 

Following the AXIL acquisition, we conduct our business through two operating
segments: hearing enhancement and protection, and hair care and skin care. See Note 15 to our Consolidated Financial Statements in this
report for financial information for these segments. We concentrate on attracting new customers and retaining existing customers to increase
our total revenue. For the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, the hearing protection and enhancement segment and the hair care and skin care
segment accounted for 93.0 and 7.0 of our revenue, respectively. 

Our Strategy 

The Company s overall business strategy is to establish market awareness
of our products through our direct-to-consumer campaigns. We believe the increase in awareness will allow the Company to increase distribution
and gain customers through our distribution partners retail establishments, with the goal of helping us achieve growth in market
share and diversify our sales channels. 

Hearing Enhancement and Protection Segment 

Following the June 16, 2022 AXIL
acquisition and u nder the AXIL and related brands, we create high-tech, innovative hearing and audio enhancement and
protection products to provide cutting-edge solutions for people with varied applications across many industries, including ear
plugs, ear muffs and ear buds. Following the acquisition, the Company shifted its primary business focus to the sale of our premium
audio enhancement and protection products sold under the AXIL brand. The Company designs, innovates, engineers, manufactures,
markets and services specialized systems in hearing enhancement, hearing protection, wireless audio, and communication. We
distribute our products through direct-to-consumer eCommerce channels and local, regional, and national retail chains. We serve the
sporting goods market, military, federal agents, law enforcement, tactical, fitness, outdoor, industrial, sporting, and stadium
events. We focus primarily on the U.S. markets, followed by Canada, Europe, Australia, New Zealand, and Africa. 

Currently,
through our hearing protection and enhancement segment we produce 22 products with 32 different stock keeping unit SKUs and have plans to continue expanding the product lines. The product line includes ear buds, ear muffs, ear plugs, outdoor speakers and
ear care items. Some of the products incorporate Bluetooth technology that we continually developed to enhance the hearing experience
while protecting the ears. AXIL engages product design services to align consumer preferences with the brand image, ensuring that all
product lines will correlate. The majority of sales occur through direct-to-consumer via www.goaxil.com, third party platforms, dealers
and distributors. Our intellectual property portfolio in this segment includes 3 active patents globally. For more information about
our intellectual property see Intellectual Property below . 

Our products in this segment include GS Xtreme sound enhancement
and hearing protection ear buds, XCOR True Wireless, digital ear buds with touch control, TRACKR Blu advanced sound
enhancement, hearing protection, and Bluetooth audio earmuffs and X-PRO passive ear protection. 

- 1 - 

 Table of Contents 

Our hearing protection and enhancement segment continues
to grow as it enters into new distribution and licensing agreements. Our target markets include industrial, construction, farm and agriculture,
aviation, forestry, and recreational markets (such as fitness, hiking, biking, auto racing, target shooting, hunting, power sports, power
tools, motorcycling, stadium and concert events). 

Hearing Enhancement and Protection Marketing
and Sales : 

AXIL is growing the business as it continues to enter into new distribution and licensing agreements. There is focus on public safety
and security markets, as well as entertainment venues. AXIL s sales are primarily driven through paid advertising and growth is
expected to continue. The Company continues to expand our marketing footprint in organic social, affiliate, and search engine optimization.
In addition to online sales, there is opportunity to increase distribution and retail sales. As a result, the business is currently allocating
resources and intends to increase the sales team depending on available capital performance and opportunities. 

Hearing Enhancement and Protection Competition : 

The hearing enhancement and protection products are in a distinct market
that overlaps between the consumer electronics and the hearing protection device sectors. We believe the global hearing protection devices
market is growing due to the greater awareness of hearing loss and published statistics stating that 46 of workers in the manufacturing
and industrial sector have been exposed to hazardous noises. Demand for innovative products for hearing protection is rising as consumers
seek devices that are both comfortable and offer superior hearing protection. 

The hearing
protection and enhancement segment competes with ISOtunes, Walkers, Surefire, SordinAB and others. Many of our competitors in
this market have more broadly diversified product lines, well established supply and distribution systems, loyal customer bases and
significant financial, marketing, research and development, and other resources. We believe our principal competitive advantages
include: brand recognition; product technology and innovation; product quality and safety; price; breadth of product lines; network
of technology and content partners; access to third party retailers; sales channels, distributors, retailers and OEM partners; and
patent protection. 

Hair Care and Skin Care Segment 

Prior to the AXIL acquisition, our business consisted solely of manufacturing,
marketing, sale and distribution of professional quality hair and skin care products under various trademarks and brands and has adopted
and used trademarked products for distribution throughout the U.S., Canada, Europe and Asia pursuant to the terms of 12 exclusive distribution
agreements with various parties throughout our targeted markets. Our manufacturing operations are outsourced and fulfilled through our
co-packers and manufacturing partners. Approximately 95 of purchased inventories and products are sourced from 3 vendors totaling approximately
 298,000 during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. 

Currently, we produce 8 products with 16 SKUs and plan to expand our product
lines over the next 12 months. Our intellectual property portfolio in this segment includes no patents
and 1 trademark globally. For more information about our intellectual property see Intellectual Property below. 

Our hair and skin care segment is focused on expanding
its business-to-business salon sales through its network of domestic and international distributors. We are also continuing our focus
on direct-to-consumer marketing programs through our own e-commerce site and various third-party online platforms. In addition, we are
exploring other revenue channels such as co-branding and private-label manufacturing. 

Hair Care and Skin Care Marketing and Sales : 

Reviv3 stands for skin health and benefits of healthy scalp and hair follicles. Currently, we sell our hair and skincare products under
the Reviv3 brand which includes 7 distinct products. Our Reviv3 System is a series of products which are meant to be used together or
on a stand-alone basis. The hair care products consist of PREP shampoo, PRIME conditioner, and TREAT maintenance care. We also sell an
introductory kit which includes all three Reviv3 System products. In addition, we have products dedicated to hair treatment and repair.
Currently we have 3 products in our treatment and repair line. BOOST is designed to deliver nutrients and increase circulation to the
scalp, MEND Deep Hair Repair Mask for added moisture and PROTECT, a heat protectant product to prevent damage from irons and dryers. We
also have a stand-alone Thickening Spray for giving hair more volume and body. 

- 2 - 

 Table of Contents 

Reviv3 is focused on expanding its business-to-business salon sales through
its network of domestic and international distributors. We are also continuing our focus on direct-to-consumer marketing programs through
our own ecommerce site and various third-party online platforms. In addition, we are exploring other revenue channels such as co-branding
and private-label manufacturing. 

Hair Care and Skin Care Competition : 

The personal care product industry boasts roughly
750 companies that generate a combined annual revenue of more than 40 billion. The 50 largest companies comprise almost 70 of the entire
revenue. Still, we believe the market will bear competition from small companies able to offer specialized products or cater to particular
niche markets. 

Makeup, deodorant and nail products comprise 33 of
health and beauty care industry revenue. Hair care products generate 25 of personal care product revenue, while creams and lotions comprise
21 . Perfumes, mouthwashes, shaving preparations and other products make up the remaining revenue for beauty skin care product revenues. 

The hair
care and skin car segment competes with Keranique, Zenagen, Revita and others. Many of our competitors in this market have
more broadly diversified product lines, well established supply and distribution systems, loyal customer bases and significant
financial, marketing, research and development and other resources. We believe our principal competitive advantages include product
quality, online marketing, and a drug-free solution to thinning hair. 

Key Customers 

For the hearing enhancement and protection segment, no customers accounted
for more than 10 of our net sales in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. Approximately 97 of our sales was direct-to-consumer via Shopify
and Amazon for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. 

For the hair care and skin care segment, three
customers accounted for 61 , 12 and 21 , respectively, of our net sales in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. No other individual
customer accounted for 10 or more of our net sales in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. We expect that these three customers
along with a small number of other customers will, in the aggregate, continue to account for a large portion of our hair care and
skin care segment net sales in the future. 

As is customary in the industry, none of our customers
is under any obligation to continue purchasing products from us in the future. 

Customer Service and Support 

Key elements of our customer service approach are listening to customers,
empathizing with their concerns, responding timely to their requests, and following up with them to make sure any issues have been properly
addressed. In order to ensure that sufficient quality of service is provided, we use a customer service platform that integrates all
of our systems to provide complete and timely data, tracks all support tickets and conversations with customers. Our customer service
manager performs regular monthly reviews of performance metrics and reviews processes. 

Governmental Regulation 

We are subject to a variety of laws, rules and regulations
in numerous jurisdictions within the U.S., Canada, Europe, Australia, New Zealand, and Africa. These laws, rules and regulations cover
several diverse areas including consumer health and safety, and employee health and safety. These U.S. federal, state, and foreign laws
and regulations, which in some cases can be enforced by private parties in addition to government entities, are constantly evolving and
can be subject to significant change. The compliance costs and operational burdens imposed by these laws and regulations could be significant.
As a result of the often rapidly evolving changes, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of these and other laws and regulations
are often uncertain and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and inconsistently with our current
policies and practices. We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. 

Environmental Matters: We believe that we are
in compliance with applicable foreign, federal, state, and local laws, rules and regulations relating to the protection of the environment,
and that continued compliance will not have any material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position. 

- 3 - 

 Table of Contents 

Intellectual Property 

We intend to protect our technology by filing patent
applications for the technologies that we consider important to our business. We also rely on trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights and
unpatented know-how to protect our proprietary rights. 

We believe our intellectual property has value, and
we have taken in the past, and will take in the future, actions we deem appropriate to protect such property from misappropriation. There
can be no assurance, however, that such actions will provide meaningful protection from competition. In the absence of intellectual property
protection, we may be vulnerable to competitors who attempt to copy or imitate our products or processes. 

While we believe that our patents and other proprietary
rights are important to our business, we also believe that, due to the rapid pace of technological change in the markets we serve, the
successful manufacture and sale of our products also depends upon our engineering, manufacturing, marketing and servicing skills. 

It is our practice to require that all of our employees and third-party
product development consultants assign to us all rights to inventions or other discoveries relating to our business that were made while
working for us. In addition, all employees and third-party product development consultants agree not to disclose any private or confidential
information relating to our technology, trade secrets or intellectual property. 

At May 31, 2023, we held 3 active U.S. patents and
had 2 pending U.S. patent applications covering various aspects of our technology. Our U.S. patents expire at various times beginning
in 2035 and extending through 2038. During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, no U.S. patents were issued and no U.S. patents expired.
We do not anticipate any expiration of any of our patents in the future years will have a material impact on our business. 

We have 3 federally registered trademarks for which
we consider to be of material importance to our business. The registrations for these trademarks are in good standing with the U.S. Patent
 Trademark Office. Our trademark registrations must be renewed at various times, and we intend to renew our trademarks, as necessary,
for the foreseeable future. 

In addition, we own reviveprocare.com and www.goaxil.com.
As with phone numbers, we do not have, and cannot acquire any property rights to an Internet address. The regulation of domain names in
the United States and in other countries is also subject to change. Regulatory bodies could establish additional top-level domains, appoint
additional domain name registrars or modify the requirements for holding domain names. As a result, we might not be able to maintain our
domain names or obtain comparable domain names, which could harm our business. 

Seasonality 

We do not believe our business is subject to substantial
seasonal fluctuations. We may experience lower sales in difficult economic scenarios, but we do not foresee the seasonality of our
products to be a significant factor. In the future, seasonality trends could however have a material impact on our financial condition
and results of operations, but we are not currently aware of the total impact that could affect our business. 

Human Capital Management 

As of May 31, 2023, we had 15 employees, all of whom
were employed in the United States and none employed outside the United States. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining
agreements or work councils. Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing
and integrating our existing and new employees, advisors and consultants. Overall, we consider our employee relations to be good and
believe our culture to be central to the success of the Company. 

- 4 - 

 Table of Contents 

Health
and Safety : The health and safety of our employees is of utmost importance to us. We are enhancing our safety program with
additional training and internal risk and hazard assessments. We conduct policy and procedure reviews to ensure compliance with health
and safety guidelines and regulatory requirements. We provide protective gear (e.g., eye protection, masks, and gloves) as required by
applicable standards and as appropriate. Our goal is to achieve a level of work-related injuries as close to zero as possible through
continuous investment in our safety program. 

Hiring
Practices : We seek to recruit and hire the most qualified people for our open positions without regard to protected status
(age, color, creed, disability, domestic violence victim status, gender identity, genetic predisposition or carrier status, marital status,
national origin, pregnancy, race religion, sex, sexual orientation, status as a protected veteran or as a member of any other protected
group or status). 

Diversity
and Inclusion : Recognizing and respecting our employees backgrounds and experiences, and our international presence,
we strive to maintain a diverse workforce and inclusive work environment everywhere we operate. 

Compensation
and Benefits : Our compensation and benefits program is designed to attract and reward individuals who demonstrate the ability
and desire to enhance our workplace culture, support our values, drive our operational and strategic goals, and create long-term value
for our stockholders. 

Our Office and Corporate History 

Our principal executive office is located at 901
Fremont Avenue, Unit 158, Alhambra, California, 91803. Our telephone number is (888) 638-8883. Reviv3 was incorporated in the State of
Delaware on May 21, 2015 as a reorganization of Reviv3 Procare, LLC, which was organized on July 31, 2013. 

Available Information 

We file Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other information
with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our filings with the SEC are available on the SEC s website at
www.sec.gov. We also maintain a website at reviveprocare.com and www.goaxil.com. We make available, free of charge, in the Investor Relations
section of our website, documents we file with or furnish to the SEC, including our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on
Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports. We make this information available as soon as reasonably practicable
after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish such information to, the SEC. The information found on our website is not
part of this or any other report we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. Copies of such documents are available in print at no charge to
any stockholder who makes a request. Such requests should be made to our corporate secretary at our corporate headquarters, 901 Fremont
Avenue, Unit 158, Alhambra, California, 91803. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide the information required by this Item 1A. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

- 5 - 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

We currently lease approximately 3,296 square feet of office and warehouse
space at 901 S Fremont Avenue, Unit 158, Alhambra, CA 91803 as our principal offices. We lease our offices pursuant to a lease dated
November 9, 2022. The term of our lease began on December 1, 2022 and expires on November 30, 2024. Our current monthly base rent
is 6,098. We believe these facilities are in good condition and satisfy our operational requirements. We intend to seek additional leased
space, which will include some warehouse facilities, as our business grows. 

AXIL leases office and warehouse space at 120 E. 13065 S. #101, Draper,
Utah, 84020 of approximately 2,750 square feet. AXIL operates on a month to month lease with current monthly base rent of 4,330. We believe
AXIL s office and warehouse are in good condition and satisfy AXIL s operational requirements. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

From time to
time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation
is subject to inherent uncertainties and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business.
We are currently not aware of any such pending or threatened legal proceedings or claims that we believe will have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. Where it is probable that we will incur a loss and the amount of the
loss can be reasonably estimated, we record a liability in our financial statements. These legal accruals may be increased or decreased
to reflect any relevant developments on a quarterly basis. Where a loss is not probable or the amount of the loss is not estimable, we
do not record an accrual, consistent with applicable accounting guidance. In the opinion of management, while the outcome of such claims
and disputes cannot be predicted with certainty, our ultimate liability in connection with these matters is not expected to have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows, and the amounts accrued for any individual matter are not
material. However, legal proceedings are inherently uncertain. As a result, the outcome of a particular matter or a combination of matters
may be material to our results of operations for a particular period, depending upon the size of the loss or our income for that particular
period. 

On November 23, 2020, the Company was served a copy of a complaint filed by Jacksonfill, LLC in the Fourth Circuit Court for Duval County,
Florida. The complaint alleges breach of Agreement for non-payments for certain products against the Company. The allegations arise from
alleged discrepancies discovered by the Company in the manufacturing of certain product. The Company has retained counsel, has asserted
a counterclaim against Jacksonfill, LLC, and intends to vigorously defend the allegations. Other than as disclosed herein, there have
been no material developments in this matter through August 12, 2023. Please see Note 11 Commitments and Contingencies to our financial
statements included herein for additional information about this matter. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

- 6 - 

 Table of Contents 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

As of May 31,
2023, the Company s common stock was quoted on the OTCQB operated by OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the symbol RVIV. 
The trading volume for our common stock is relatively limited. An active trading market may not continue to provide adequate liquidity
for our existing stockholders or for persons who may acquire our common stock in the future. No assurance can be given that an active
trading market for the Company s common stock will develop or be maintained. 

The range of high and low closing bid quotations
for the Company s common stock during each quarter of the calendar years ended May 31, 2023, and 2022, is shown below, as quoted
on the OTCQB . Prices are inter-dealer quotations, without retail mark-up, markdown or commissions
and may not represent actual transactions. 

Stock Quotations 

Quarter Ended 
 
 High 

Low 

August 31, 2021 

0.5275 

0.2001 

November 30, 2021 

0.325 

0.1011 

February 28, 2022 

0.20 

0.10 

May 31, 2022 

0.30 

0.0551 

August 31, 2022 

0.30 

0.20 

November 30, 2022 

0.30 

0.20 

February 28, 2023 

0.450 

0.271 

May 31, 2023 

0.60 

0.285 

The future sale of the Company s
presently outstanding unregistered and restricted common stock by present members of management and persons
who own more than five percent of the Company s outstanding voting securities may have an adverse effect on the trading price of
the Company s common stock. 

Securities outstanding and holders of record 

On May 31, 2023, the total common shares issued and
outstanding were 117,076,949 and we had 212 stockholders of record of our common stock. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never paid any cash dividends on our
common stock and we do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future determination to
pay dividends on our common stock will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors (the Board and will depend on
our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, applicable restrictions in our Articles of Incorporation,
applicable restrictions in our Bylaws, contractual limitations, and other factors that our Board deems relevant. 

- 7 - 

 Table of Contents 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On November 1, 2022, the Company issued to a former executive officer options to purchase 300,000 shares, of which 75,000 vested and the
remaining were forfeited when the former executive officer resigned on April 21, 2023. These options were issued pursuant to an exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, as provided by Rule 701, Regulation D and/or Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act, as applicable. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with our financial statements and the notes thereto included in this Report beginning on page 23. The results shown herein are not necessarily
indicative of the results to be expected in any future periods. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current
expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions. Actual results and the
timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors.
We use words such as anticipate, estimate, plan, project, continuing, expect, believe, intend, may, will, should, 
 could, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Please see the section entitled Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Information above for more information regarding the risks associated with forward-looking information. 

Overview 

We are engaged in the manufacturing,
marketing, sale and distribution of high-tech, innovative hearing and audio enhancement and protection products that provide cutting-edge
solutions for people with varied applications across many industries and professional quality hair and skin care products under various
trademarks and brands. 

On
May 1, 2022, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement dated May 1, 2022 and amended on June 15, 2022 and September 8, 2022
 with AXIL, a Delaware corporation, and a leader in hearing protection and enhancement
products, for the acquisition of both the hearing protection business of AXIL consisting of
ear plugs and ear muffs, and AXIL s ear bud business. These businesses constituted substantially all of the business operations
of AXIL. The acquisition was completed subsequently on June 16, 2022. On September 8, 2022, the Company and AXIL 
entered into an amendment to the Asset Purchase Agreement which eliminated the provision in the Asset Purchase Agreement requiring
the Company to effectuate a reverse stock split of our Common Stock and preferred stock pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement within
a certain period of time. 

As a result of the acquisition
of AXIL s assets, the Company has two reportable segments: hair care and skin care,
and hearing enhancement and protection. 

Through our hearing enhancement and protection segment,
we design, innovate, engineer, manufacture, market and service specialized systems in hearing enhancement, hearing protection, wireless
audio, and communication. Through our hair care and skin care segment, we manufacture, market, sell, and distribute professional quality
hair and skin care products. 

The Company s overall business strategy is to
establish market awareness of our products through our direct-to-consumer campaigns. We believe the increase in awareness will allow the
Company to increase distribution and gain customers through our distribution partners retail establishments, with the goal of helping
us achieve growth in market share and diversify our sales channels. 

- 8 - 

 Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 

For the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 

Our results of operations are summarized below. 

Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2023 
 Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2022 
 
 Net sales 
 23,521,027 
 2,336,257 
 
 Cost of sales 
 5,810,216 
 828,586 
 
 Gross profit 
 17,710,811 
 1,507,671 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 15,726,600 
 1,719,074 
 
 Income (Loss) from operations 
 1,984,211 
 (211,403 
 
 Net income (loss) after tax 
 1,824,575 
 (182,903 

Net sales increased by 21,184,770 or 907 for the
fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, as compared to the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022, primarily due to the increase in sales of the new line
of AXIL products post-acquisition. The net sales increase was attributed to the AXIL segment
of the business. 

Cost of sales includes primarily the cost of products and freight-in costs.
For the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, the overall cost of sales increased by 4,981,630 or 601 , as compared to the comparable period
in 2022 also due to the acquisition of the AXIL business and sales of those products. Cost of sales as a percentage of net revenues for
the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 was 24.7 as compared to 35.5 for the comparable period in 2022. The overall decrease in cost of
sales, as a percentage of sales, is primarily attributable to the Company s increased efficiencies in procurement and manufacturing
systems, reduction in product cost, and the sales of higher margin AXIL products. 

- 9 - 

 Table of Contents 

Gross profit, as a percentage of sales, for the fiscal
years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 was 75.3 and 64.5 , respectively. The increase in gross profit, as a percentage of sales, is primarily
attributable to our continued increased focus on the direct sales to consumer channels, which have higher margins, which include the AXIL
product sales contribution. 

Operating expenses are costs related to marketing and selling expenses, compensation and related taxes, professional and consulting fees,
and general and administrative costs. Operating expenses for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 were 15,726,600 and 1,719,074,
respectively. Operating expenses as a percentage of net revenues for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 were 66.9 as compared to 73.6 
for the comparable period in 2022. Operating expenses increased by 14,007,526 or 814.8 due to an increase in advertising and marketing
expenses by 10,903,316 in the AXIL spend for displaying our products through various advertising platforms and the remaining 3,104,210
of other business operating expenses that are primarily attributed to the AXIL brand operations. Other than an increase in advertising
costs, which were aimed at procuring more customers, and reduction in consulting costs, the other operating expenses also decreased for
the Reviv3 products. 

Income from operations for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 was 1,984,211 and loss of 211,403 for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022.
The year over year increase in income from operations of 2,195,614 was primarily driven from the sales of the AXIL products introduced
after acquisition. 

Net income after tax for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 was 1,824,575 and a loss of 182,903 for the fiscal year
ended May 31, 2022. The increase of 2,007,478 for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 was related to the AXIL product sales and revenue
growth attributable to that business. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

We are currently engaged in our product sales and development. Although
we earned a net income in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, we have incurred operating losses in the past. We currently expect to earn
net income during the current fiscal year ending May 31, 2024. We believe our current cash balances, coupled with anticipated cash flow
from operating activities, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for at least one year from the date of issuance
of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. We intend to continue to control our cash expenses as a percentage of expected
revenue on an annual basis and thus may use our cash balances in the short-term to invest in revenue growth. As a result of the acquisition
of AXIL s assets, we have generated and expect we will continue to generate sufficient
cash for our operational needs, including any required debt payments, for at least one year from the date of issuance of the accompanying
consolidated financial statements. Management is focused on growing the Company s existing product lines, introducing new products,
as well as expanding its customer base, to increase its revenues. The Company cannot give assurance that it can increase its cash balances
or limit its cash consumption and thus maintain sufficient cash balances for its planned operations or future acquisitions. Future business
demands, including those resulting from the purchase of AXIL s assets in June 2022,
may lead to cash utilization at levels greater than recently experienced. The Company cannot provide any assurance that it will be able
to raise additional capital or obtain necessary financing on acceptable terms, or at all. Subject to the foregoing, management believes
that the Company has sufficient capital and liquidity to fund its operations for at least one year from the date of issuance of the accompanying
consolidated financial statements. 

Cash Flows For the Fiscal Years ended May 31,
2023 and 202 2 

The following table provides detailed information
about our net cash flows: 

For the Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2023 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2022 
 
 Cash Flows 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 2,918,136 
 (126,055 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 1,000,764 

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 540,051 
 2,849 
 
 Net increase (decrease) 
 4,458,951 
 (123,206 

- 10 - 

 Table of Contents 

Operating Activities 

For the Fiscal Years ended May 31, 2023
and 2022 

Net cash provided by operating activities for the fiscal year ended May
31, 2023 was 2,918,136, attributable to a net income of 1,824,575 which was primarily driven by the AXIL acquisition and increased product
revenues. The offset by non-cash items such as depreciation and amortization expense of 95,179 due to assets and intangibles acquired
on acquisition, bad debts of 76,969 as related to the greater number of customers from the AXIL brand sales, inventory changes of 353,985
as higher levels from the new business line, stock-based compensation of 207,342, favorable changes in accounts payable, contract and
current liabilities of 1,235,788 and increase in non-cash gain on debt settlement of 50,500. The net decrease in cash was increased
by a net decrease in operating assets and liabilities of 825,203 primarily due to increase in prepaid expenses, accounts receivable and
decrease in customer deposits. 

Net cash used in operating activities for the fiscal
year ended May 31, 2022 was 126,055, attributable to a net loss of 182,903 offset by non-cash items such as depreciation expense of
 7,871, bad debts of 6,941, inventory write-off of 71,481, stock-based compensation of 21,967 and increase in non-cash gain on debt
settlement of 35,000. The net loss was increased by a net decrease in operating assets and liabilities of 16,411 primarily due to increase
in accounts receivable and decrease in customer deposits offset by a decrease in inventory purchases. 

Investing Activities 

For the Fiscal Years ended May 31, 2023
and 2022 

The Company invested 65,650 in the purchase of property and equipment
and acquired 1,066,414 of cash as part of the AXIL asset acquisition during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. The Company did not make
any material investments in the purchase of property and equipment during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022. 

Financing Activities 

For the Fiscal Years ended May 31, 2023
and 2022 

Net cash provided by financing activities for the fiscal year ended May
31, 2023 was 540,051 primarily attributable to the cash proceeds of 447,850 for the common stock issuance and 132,620 advances from
related party, offset by repayments of equipment financing and repayment of note payable that totaled 40,419. 

Net cash provided by financing activities for the fiscal year ended May
31, 2022 was 2,849 primarily attributable to the cash proceeds of 35,000 of grants received from US Small Business Administration pursuant
to the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), offset by payments to a related party of 28,851
and repayment of equipment financing of 3,300. 

As of May 31, 2023, we had the following secured
loan outstanding, administered pursuant to the CARES Act: an Economic Injury Disaster Loan EIDL in the principal amount
of 150,000. The Company continues to pay interest on the loan. 

During June 2022, we made an acquisition of a business,
 AXIL, a leader in hearing protection and enhancement products for
the acquisition of both the hearing protection business of AXIL consisting of ear plugs and ear muffs, and AXIL s ear bud business.
We purchased the business pursuant to issuances of common stock and preferred stock. 

We are dependent on our product sales to fund our operations and may require additional capital in the future, such as pursuant to the
sale of additional common stock or of debt securities or entering into credit agreements or other borrowing arrangements with institutions
or private individuals, to maintain operations, which may not be available on favorable terms, or at all, and could require us to sell
certain assets or discontinue or curtail our operations. If the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary
debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. In addition, pursuant to a voting agreement, effective June 16,
2022, with AXIL and Intrepid Global Advisors, we are subject to certain limitations on our ability to sell our capital stock until June
2024. Our officers and directors have made no written commitments with respect to providing a source of liquidity in the form of cash
advances, loans, and/or financial guarantees. We do not have any plans to seek additional financing at this time and anticipate that our
existing cash equivalents and cash provided by operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements. However, if the
need arises for additional cash, there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise the capital we need for our operations on favorable
terms, or at all. We may not be able to obtain additional capital or generate sufficient revenues to fund our operations. Failure to secure
any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial
performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon our business plans. If we are unsuccessful at raising sufficient
funds, for whatever reason, to fund our operations, we may be forced to cease operations. If we fail to raise funds, we expect that we
will be required to seek protection from creditors under applicable bankruptcy laws. 

- 11 - 

 Table of Contents 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of May 31, 2023, we do not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial
condition, revenues or expenses, results or operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our discussion and analysis of our results of operations, liquidity and
capital resources are based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Significant estimates made
by management include, but are not limited to, the allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory valuations and classifications, the useful
life of property and equipment, the valuation of lease liabilities and related right of use assets, the value of stock-based compensation,
valuation of deferred tax assets, contract liability, allowance on sales returns, business combinations, segment reporting and the fair
value of non-cash common stock issuances. We base our estimates on historical and anticipated results and trends and on various other
assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, including assumptions as to future events. These estimates form the
basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. By their
nature, estimates are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. Actual results that differ from our estimates could have a significant
adverse effect on our operating results and financial position. We believe that the following significant accounting policies and assumptions
may involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity than others. 

Accounts receivable and allowance for doubtful
accounts 

The Company has a policy of providing an allowance
for doubtful accounts based on its best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses in its existing accounts receivable. The Company
periodically reviews its accounts receivable to determine whether an allowance is necessary based on an analysis of past due accounts
and other factors that may indicate that the realization of an account may be in doubt. Account balances deemed to be uncollectible are
charged to bad debt expense and included in the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery
is considered remote. 

Revenue recognition 

The Company follows Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue From Contracts With Customers. This revenue recognition standard (new guidance) has a five step process: a) Determine
whether a contract exists; b) Identify the performance obligations; c) Determine the transaction price; d) Allocate the transaction price;
and e) Recognize revenue when (or as) performance obligations are satisfied. 

The Company sells a variety of hair and skin care
products and electronic hearing and enhancement products. The Company recognizes revenue for the agreed upon sales price when a purchase
order is received from the customer and subsequently the product is shipped to the customer, which satisfies the performance obligation.
Consideration paid to the customer to promote and sell the Company s products is typically recorded as a reduction in revenues. 

- 12 - 

 Table of Contents 

The five steps for revenue recognition are as follows: 

Identify the contract with a customer. The Company generally considers
completion of a sales order (which requires customer acceptance of the Company s click-through terms and conditions
for website sales and authorization of payment through credit card or another form of payment for sales made over the phone) or purchase
orders from non-consumer customers as a customer contract provided that collection is considered probable. For payments that are not made
upfront by credit card, the Company assesses customer creditworthiness based on credit checks, payment history, and/or other circumstances.
For payments involving third party financier payors, the Company validates customer eligibility and reimbursement amounts prior to shipping
the product. 

Identify the performance obligations in the contract .
Product performance obligations include shipment of products and related accessories and service performance obligations include extended
warranty coverage. 

However, as the historical redemption rate under our
warranty policy has been low, the option is not accounted for as a separate performance obligation. The Company does not assess whether
promised goods or services are performance obligations if they are immaterial in the context of the contract with the customer. 

Determine the transaction price and allocation
to performance obligations. The transaction price in the Company s customer contracts consists of both fixed and
variable consideration. Fixed consideration includes amounts to be contractually billed to the customer while variable consideration
includes the 30-days and 60-days right of return that applies to AXIL and Reviv3 products, respectively. To estimate product
returns, the Company analyzes historical return levels, current economic trends, and changes in customer demand. Based on this
information, the Company reserves a percentage of product sale revenue and accounts for the estimated impact as a reduction in the
transaction price. 

Allocate the transaction price to the performance
obligations in the contract . For contracts that contain multiple performance obligations, the Company allocates the transaction
price to the performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. 

Recognize revenue when or as the Company satisfies a performance obligation.
Revenue for products is recognized at a point in time, which is generally upon shipment. Revenue for services (extended warranty) is recognized
over time on a ratable basis over the warranty period. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide the information required by this Item 7A. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

The financial statements of the Company and the related report of the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm thereon have been filed under Item 15 hereof. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term
is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ),
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Principal Executive Officer,
 and Chief Financial Officer CFO and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer ,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the
participation of our CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of May
31, 2023. Based on this evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures as of May 31, 2023, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective. 

- 13 - 

 Table of Contents 

Management s Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f). Our internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and Board regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls
may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management, including our CEO and CFO, assessed
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of May 31, 2023 using criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued in 2013. Based on the assessment,
our management has concluded that as of May 31, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on those criteria. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not
subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s
report in this annual report. 

Remediation 

The Company plans to initiate measures to improve
the effectiveness of the internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. As of the filing date, we
have engaged a third-party to enhance the reporting in our accounting systems, as well as increase the level of review when any non-routine
accounting entry is proposed. The Company hired additional accounting personnel to oversee the financial close and reporting process.
The Company plans to hire additional staff to aid in segregation of duties to continue to improve our internal controls in the coming
fiscal year. We have also started to develop an internal control structure and identify key procedures for financial reporting as required
by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and we are currently in the process of documenting our internal control policies and
procedures. We have drafted written policies and procedures that we will commence implementing during the fiscal year ending May 31,
2024. In addition, the company intends to establish controls related to corporate governance, including a Code of Business Conduct and
Ethics that applies to all of our employees, including our CEO, CFO, and Board. 

Changes in Internal Controls 

There has been no change in our internal control
over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act
that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended May 31, 2023 that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect
our internal control over financial reporting. Our management is currently taking corrective action to remedy
the internal control weaknesses. See section entitled Remediation above . 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

- 14 - 

 Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors 

Our directors are elected by the Board to a term of one year and serve
until their successor is duly elected and qualified, or until the earlier of their death, resignation or removal. 

The names, ages and positions of our present directors are set forth below: 

NAME 
 AGE 
 POSITION 
 
 Jeff Toghraie 
 56 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Nancy Hundt 
 55 
 Director 

The names, ages and positions of our present officers are set forth below: 

NAME 
 AGE 
 POSITION 
 
 Jeff Toghraie 
 56 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 

Monica Diaz Brickell 
 44 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Jeff Brown 
 41 
 Chief Operating Officer 

Donald Starace 
 69 
 President 

Background of executive officers and directors 

Jeff Toghraie Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board
of Directors 

Jeff Toghraie has been the Chairman of our Board
since 2015 and our Chief Executive Officer since 2016. Mr. Toghraie is currently the Managing Director of Intrepid Global Advisors, one
of our principal stockholders. Mr. Toghraie joined Intrepid Global Advisors in 2010 and is a principal of that firm. During the past
6 years, Mr. Toghraie has been involved with various privately held development stage companies as a director and/or in advisory positions.
Mr. Toghraie was chosen as a director due to his experience with and knowledge of the Company and its operations, his background in working
with development stage companies and his general business background. 

Jeff Brown Chief Operating Officer 

Jeff Brown has been our Chief Operating Officer since
March 2017. From 2015 to 2017, Mr. Brown held consulting positions at Polar Solar Inc., a company responsible for making commercial solar
panels available to the residential market and Mind Fitness Lab, a technology company that developed and distributed mobile applications
for mental health professionals. From 2012 to 2015, he was the President of RNA Pro, a company that distributed agricultural supplements.
Mr. Brown holds an MBA from Pepperdine University and received his bachelor s degree from University of California, Irvine. 

- 15 - 

 Table of Contents 

Monica Diaz Brickell Chief Financial Officer 

Monica Diaz Brickell has been our Chief Financial
Officer since April 2023. From 2007 to 2022, Ms. Brickell served as International Tax Manager for Top Golf Callaway Brands Corp. Ms.
Brickell holds a Master of Science in Accountancy and a Bachelor of Business Administration in Accounting from the University of Notre
Dame and has an active license as a Certified Public Accountant in the State of California. 

Donald Starace President 

Donald Starace has been our President since February
2015. Mr. Starace has over forty years of dedicated service in the beauty industry. Mr. Starace started his career in some of New York s
most prestigious salons, followed by ten years at Nioxin Research Labs and subsequently Proctor Gamble in Sales and Education.
Mr. Starace owned and operated various businesses through his career including roles in starting the Bank of New Jersey, which currently
holds 10 locations, and has assets over 865 million. He was one of the initial investors for the bank and was very influential in raising
capital. He also facilitated bringing Taiff (Brazil) professional appliances to the hair industry in the U.S. and Canada. Mr. Starace
most recently was appointed as a member of the Board of Adjustments for the Borough of Fort Lee, New Jersey. 

Nancy Hundt Director 

Nancy Hundt has served as our director since May 2015.
Ms. Hundt has a diverse background in the retail industry and has served as a representative of the American Board of Opticianry, an optical
industry retail group. Ms. Hundt serves as a consultant and a retail sales expert, and has served over the last five years as Chief Operating
Officer of Academy Optical, Inc. Ms. Hundt was chosen as a director due to her relevant experience in retail sales and general business
background. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among any of our
directors or executive officers. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

We are not aware of any pending or threatened legal
proceedings in which the aforementioned individuals are involved. To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers
were involved in any legal proceedings described in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K in the past 10 years. 

Corporate Governance 

Our Board currently consists of two directors, one of whom
is female. 

We do not have any standing audit, nominating or
compensation committees of the Board, or committees performing similar functions. We may apply to be listed on a registered national
securities exchange if our Board determines it is in the best interests of our Company and our stockholders. If we become listed on a
registered national securities exchange, our Board intends to form three standing committees upon the effectiveness such listing: an
audit committee, a compensation committee, and a nominating and corporate governance committee. The composition of these committees will
consist of independent directors consistent with applicable exchange listing requirements and SEC rules. We will adopt written charters
for each of these committees and make these available on our website consistent with applicable requirements and rules. Our Board may
establish other committees as it deems necessary or appropriate from time to time. 

We do not currently have a Code of Ethics applicable
to our principal executive, financial or accounting officer. We believe this approach is appropriate in light of the Company s
current capital structure and level of operations. During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, all Board actions were taken by unanimous
written consent and the Board held no formal meetings. 

- 16 - 

 Table of Contents 

Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert 

We do not have an audit committee or an audit committee
financial expert (as defined in Item 407 of Regulation S-K) serving on the Board. All current members of the Board lack sufficient financial
expertise for overseeing financial reporting responsibilities. We have not yet employed an audit committee financial expert due to the
inability to attract such a person. 

Indemnification 

Our Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws, subject to certain provisions of Delaware Law, contain provisions which require or allow
us to indemnify any person against liabilities and other expenses incurred as the result of defending or administering any pending or
anticipated legal issue in connection with service to us if it is determined that person acted in good faith and in a manner which he
reasonably believed was in the best interest of the Company. Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities
Act of 1933 may be permitted to our directors, officers and controlling persons, we have been advised that in the opinion of the SEC,
such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act of 1933 and is, therefore, unenforceable . 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
officers, directors and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and
reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities. To our knowledge, based on solely a review of the
copies of such reports, all of our officers, directors, and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock complied with the
filing requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 except for Jeff Toghraie, who did
not file a Form 4 with respect to one transaction, Don Frank Nathaniel Vasquez, who did not file a Form 3, Intrepid Global Advisors,
Inc., who did not file a Form 4 with respect to one transaction on two different occasions, and AXIL, who did not file a Form 3 and
a Form 4 with respect to one transaction on seven occasions. Additionally, as of May 31, 2023, Intrepid Global Advisors, Inc. has not filed a
Form 3 that was required to be filed during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2017. 

- 17 - 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The following table sets forth the compensation paid by us for the last
two fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, and 2022, to our named executive officers (each, an NEO ), who for the fiscal year ended
May 31,2023 were Jeff Toghraie, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer), Jeff Brown, our Chief Operating
Officer, Monica Diaz Brickell, our Chief Financial Officer, and Meenu Jain, our former Chief Financial Officer. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) (1) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Totals ) 

Jeff Toghraie 
 2022 

279,000 

279,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 2023 

Jeff Brown 
 2022 
 50,000 

198,000 

248,000 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 2023 
 98,000 
 35,000 

133,000 

Meenu Jain (2) 
 2023 
 81,667 

15,000 

96,667 
 
 Former Chief Financial Officer 

Monica Diaz Brickell (3) 
 2023 
 17,500 

17,500 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(1) The value of option awards in this table represents the fair value of such
awards granted or modified during the fiscal year, as computed in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards
Codification Topic 718. The assumptions used to determine the valuation of the awards are discussed in Note 10 Stockholders 
Equity to our financial statements included herein. 
 
 (2) Ms. Jain became our Chief Financial Officer on November 1, 2022 and resigned
as our Chief Financial Officer on April 21, 2023. 
 
 (3) Ms. Diaz Brickell became our Chief Financial Officer on April 24, 2023. 

Our Chief Executive Officer, Jeff Toghraie, and our
Chief Operating Officer, Jeff Brown, did not have formal employment agreements with the Company in place as of May 31, 2023. Mr. Toghraie
is entitled to an annual performance bonus, health benefits and equity awards at the discretion of the Board. Mr. Brown receives a base
salary of 98,000 per year and is entitled to annual performance bonus, paid vacation, optional health benefits and equity awards at
the discretion of the Board. 

Monica Diaz Brickell joined the Company as Chief Financial Officer in April
2023. Per her agreement with the Company, she receives a base salary of 140,000 per year and is entitled to paid vacation and optional
health benefits. 

We did not pay any compensation to our non-employee director during the
fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. 

As of May 31, 2023, we did not have any retirement,
pension, or profit sharing plans for the benefit of our executive officers and directors. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding outstanding equity awards held by the named executive officers as of May 31,
2023: 

Option Awards 
 
 Name 
 Grant Date 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) exercisable 
 Number of securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexercisable 
 Option exercise price ) 

Option expiration date 
 
 Jeff Toghraie 
 5/10/22 
 1,550,000 
 1,550,000 (1) 
 0.09 
 4/20/2032 
 
 Jeff Brown 
 5/10/22 
 1,100,000 
 1,100,000 (1) 
 0.09 
 4/20/2032 
 
 Meenu Jain 
 11/01/22 
 75,000 (2) 
 
 0.20 
 11/1/2032 

(1) These options vest and become exercisable over time, with 25 of the options vesting on September
1, 2022 and thereafter vesting 1/24th on the 1st of every month. 
 
 (2) These options vested and become exercisable over time, with 75,000 vesting
on February 1, 2023 and the remaining 225,000 options associated with this grant were forfeited on April 21, 2023 when the former executive
resigned from the Company. 

- 18 - 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 

The following table sets forth the ownership,
as of August 17, 2023, of our common stock by each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent (5 of our
outstanding common stock, our directors, our executive officers, and our directors and executive officers as a group. The persons named
have sole voting and investment power with respect to such shares, except as otherwise noted Except as otherwise indicated below, the
address of each beneficial owner is c/o Reviv3 Procare Company, 901 Fremont Avenue, Unit 158, Alhambra, California 91083. 

Title
 of Class 
 
 Name/Position 
 
 Beneficial
 Ownership 
 
 Percentage
 of Class (1) 

Named
 Executive Officers: 

Common 
 
 Jeff
 Toghraie (2) 

24,868,375 
 (4) 
 
 20.9 

Common 
 
 Jeff
 Brown 

1,746,595 
 (5) 
 
 1.5 

Common 
 
 Monica
 Diaz Brickell 

Common 
 
 Meenu
 Jain (3) 

325,000 
 (6) 

Directors: 

Common 
 
 Nancy
 Hundt 

2,145,455 

1.8 

All
 Executive Officers and Directors as a group (six persons) 

29,659,263 
 (7) 
 
 24.6 

5 
 Stockholders: 

Common 
 
 Shircoo,
 Inc. 

11,685,000 
 (8) 
 
 9.9 

Common 
 
 Intrepid
 Global Advisors, Inc. 

22,834,000 
 (9) 
 
 19.5 

Common 
 
 Don
 Frank Nathaniel Vasquez 

25,525,004 
 (10) 
 
 21.8 

(1) 
 
 The
 amounts reported by each person are as of August 17, 2023, with percentages based on 117,076,949 shares issued and outstanding as
 of that date, except where the person has the right to receive shares within the next 60 days (as indicated in the other footnotes
 to this table), which would increase the number of shares owned by such person and the number of shares outstanding. Beneficial
 ownership is deemed to include shares for which a person, directly or indirectly, has or shares voting or dispositive power,
 whether or not they are held for the person s benefit, and includes shares that may be acquired within 60 days, including the
 right to acquire shares by the exercise of options. Shares that may be acquired within 60 days by the exercise of options are referred
 to in the footnotes to this table as presently exercisable options. Unless otherwise indicated in the other footnotes
 to this table, each stockholder named in the table has sole voting and sole dispositive power over all of the shares shown in the
 table. 

(2) 
 
 Mr.
 Toghraie is also the Chairman of the Board. 

(3) 
 
 Ms.
 Jain resigned as our Chief Financial Officer on April 21, 2023. 

(4) 
 
 Includes
 (i) 2,034,375 shares of common stock underlying stock options that are presently exercisable within 60 days of August 17, 2023 and
 (ii) 22,834,000 shares held by Intrepid Global Advisors, Inc. Intrepid with offices at 355 S. Grand Avenue, Suite
 2450, Los Angeles, CA 90071. Jeff Togharie, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, is the managing director of Intrepid. 

(5) 
 
 Includes
 1,443,750 shares of common stock underlying stock options that are presently exercisable within 60 days of August 17, 2023. 

(6) 
 
 Includes
 75,000 shares of common stock underlying stock options that are presently exercisable. 

(7) 
 
 Includes
 3,478,125 shares of common stock underlying stock options that are presently exercisable within 60 days of August 17, 2023. 

(8) 
 
 Shircoo,
 Inc. s address is 2350 E. Allview Terrace, Los Angeles, CA 90068. 

(9) 
 
 Mr.
 Toghraie, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, is the is the managing director of Intrepid. Intrepid s address is 355
 S. Grand Avenue, Suite 2450, Los Angeles, CA, 90071. 

(10) 
 
 Mr. Vasquez s business address is 4700 Summerville Ln., Prosper, Texas, 75078. 

- 19 - 

 Table of Contents 

Securities authorized for issuance under equity
compensation plans 

The following table sets forth equity compensation
plan information as of May 31, 2023: 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

Plan
 category 
 Number
 of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted-average
 exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number
 of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding
 securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity
 compensation plans approved by security holders 

Equity
 compensation plans not approved by security holders (1) 

2022
 Equity Incentive Plan 

5,375,000 

0.09 

4,625,000 
 
 Total 
 5,375,000 
 
 0.09 
 4,625,000 

(1) On March 21, 2022, the
Board approved the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The total number of shares
available under the plan as of May 31, 2023 was 10,000,000 shares. The Plan provides for an annual increase on April 1 of each calendar
year, beginning in 2022 and ending in 2031, subject to Board approval prior to such date. Such increase may be equal to the lesser of
(i) 4 of the total number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on May 31 of the immediately preceding fiscal year
and (ii) such smaller number of shares as determined by the Board. The number of shares authorized for issuance under the Plan will not
change unless the Board affirmatively approves an increase in the number of shares authorized for issuance prior to April 1 of the applicable
year. 

2022
Equity Incentive Plan 

The
Board approved the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan on March 21, 2022. Under this plan, equity-based awards may
be made to employees, officers, directors, non-employee directors and consultants of the Company and its Affiliates (as defined in the
plan) in the form of (i) Incentive Stock Options (to eligible employees only); (ii) Nonqualified Stock Options; (iii) Restricted
Stock; (iv) Stock Awards; (v) Performance Shares; or (vi) any combination of the foregoing. The Plan will terminate upon
the close of business on the day next preceding March 21, 2032, unless terminated earlier in accordance
with the terms of the Plan. The Board serves as the Plan administrator and may amend or terminate the Plan without stockholder approval,
subject to certain exceptions. 

- 20 - 

 Table of Contents 

The
total number of shares initially authorized for issuance under the Plan was 10 million shares. The Plan provides for an annual
increase on April 1 of each calendar year, beginning in 2022 and ending in 2031, subject to Board approval prior to such date. Such
increase may be equal to the lesser of (i) 4 of the total number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on May
31 of the immediately preceding fiscal year and (ii) such smaller number of shares as determined by the Board. The number of shares
authorized for issuance under the Plan will not change unless the Board affirmatively approves an increase in the number of shares
authorized for issuance prior to April 1 of the applicable year. The Board has not approved an increase in the number of shares
authorized for issuance under the Plan as of May 31, 2023. Shares surrendered or withheld to pay the exercise price of a stock
option or to satisfy tax withholding requirements will not be added back to the number of shares available under the Plan. To the
extent that any shares of common stock awarded or subject to issuance or purchase pursuant to awards under the Plan are not
delivered or purchased, or are reacquired by the Company, for any reason, including a forfeiture of restricted stock or failure to
earn performance shares, or the termination, expiration or cancellation of a stock option, or any other termination of an award
without payment being made in the form of shares of common stock will be added to the number of shares available for awards under
the Plan. The number of shares available for issuance under the Plan will be adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of
outstanding shares of common stock resulting from payment of a stock dividend on common stock, a stock split or subdivision or
combination of shares of common stock, or a reorganization or reclassification of common stock, or any other change in the structure
of shares of common stock, as determined by the Board. Shares available for awards under the Plan will consist of authorized and
unissued shares . 

Two types of options may be granted under these
Plans: (1) Incentive Stock Options which may only be issued to eligible employees of the Company and are required to have the exercise
price of the option not less than the fair market value of the common stock on the grant date; or in the case of an Incentive Stock Option
granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder, 110 of the fair market value of the Common stock at the grant date; and (2) Non-qualified
Stock Options which may be issued to participants under the Plan and which may have an exercise
price less than the fair market value of the common stock on the grant date, but not less than par value of the stock . 

The
Board may grant or sell restricted stock to participants (i.e., shares that are subject to a subject to restrictions or limitations as
to the participant s ability to sell, transfer, pledge or assign such shares) under the Plan. Except for these restrictions and
any others imposed by the Board, upon the grant of restricted stock, the recipient generally will have rights of a stockholder with respect
to the restricted stock. During the applicable restriction period, the recipient may not sell, exchange, transfer, pledge or otherwise
dispose of the restricted stock. The Board may also grant awards of common stock to participants under the Plan, as well as awards of
performance shares, which are awards for which the payout is subject to achievement of such performance objectives established by the
Board. Performance shares may be settled in cash. 

Each
equity-based award granted under the Plan will be evidenced by an award agreement that specifies the terms of the award and such additional
limitations, terms and conditions as the Board may determine, consistent with the provisions of the Plan. 

Upon
the occurrence of a change in control, unless otherwise provided in an award agreement: (i) all outstanding stock options will become
immediately exercisable in full; (ii) all outstanding performance shares will vest in full as if the applicable performance conditions
were achieved in full, subject to certain adjustments, and will be paid out as soon as practicable; and (iii) all restricted stock will
immediately vest in full. The Plan defines a change in control as (i) the adoption of a plan of merger or consolidation of the Company
with any other corporation or association as a result of which the holders of the voting capital stock of the Company as a group would
receive less than 50 of the voting capital stock of the surviving or resulting corporation; (ii) the approval by the Board of an agreement
providing for the sale or transfer (other than as security for obligations of the Company) of substantially all the assets of the Company;
or (iii) in the absence of prior Board approval, the acquisition of more than 20 of the Company s voting capital stock by any
person within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act (other than the Company or a person that directly or indirectly controls,
is controlled by, or is under common control with, the Company). 

Subject
to the Plan s terms, the Board has full power and authority to determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances any
outstanding award will be terminated, canceled, forfeited or suspended. Awards to that are subject to any restriction or have not been
earned or exercised in full by the recipient will be terminated and canceled if such recipient is terminated for cause, as determined
by the Board in its sole discretion. 

Pursuant to the Plan, on May 10, 2022, the Company
issued to two executive officers non-statutory stock options to purchase, in the aggregate, up to 5,300,000 shares of its Common
Stock, at an exercise price of 0.09 per share and expiring on April 20, 2032. The options vest over time with 25 of the options vesting
on September 1, 2022 and thereafter vesting 1/24 th on the 1 st of every month. 

Pursuant
to the Plan, on November 1, 2022, the Company issued non-statutory stock options to a former executive officer, to purchase, in the
aggregate, up to 300,000 shares of its Common Stock, at an exercise price of 0.20 per share and expiring on October 31,
2032. 75,000 shares vested as of January 29, 2023, and the remaining 225,000 options were forfeited in April 2023 when the executive
officer left the Company . 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Director Independence 

Because we are quoted on the OTCQB and not listed
on a national securities exchange, we are currently not subject to certain corporate governance requirements that apply to exchange-listed
companies. For purposes of evaluating the independence of our directors, our Board uses the rules of the SEC and Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq ). Our Board has determined that Nancy Hundt, is considered independent and Jeff Toghraie, Chairman
of the Board of Directors, is not considered independent because he is employed by the Company under applicable SEC rules
and regulations and the Nasdaq listing requirements and rules. 

Related Party Transactions 

The following is a description of transactions or
series of transactions since June 1, 2021 , to which we were or will be a party, in which: 
 
 the amount involved in the transaction exceeds the lesser of (i) 120,000 or (ii) 1 of the average of our total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years; and 
 in which any of our executive officers, directors, director nominees or holders of 5 or more of any class of our voting capital stock, or any immediate family member of any of the foregoing, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

- 21 - 

 Table of Contents 

The Company s Chief Executive Officer,
Jeff Toghraie, is the managing director of Intrepid Global Advisors Intrepid ). Intrepid has, from time to time, provided
advances to the Company for working capital purposes. At May 31, 2023, and 2022, the Company had amounts payable to Intrepid of 124,378
and 25,452, respectively. These advances were short-term in nature and non-interest bearing. Additionally, pursuant to a voting agreement,
 effective June 16, 2022 as amended effective November 7, 2022, with AXIL and Intrepid Global Advisors,
we are subject to certain limitations on our ability to sell our capital stock until June 2024. 

During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, the Company
paid 218,696 as consulting fee for product development to Weston T. Harris, a major stockholder of AXIL, and also paid 126,097 to
immediate family members of the major stockholder as compensation for services relating to packaging design and affiliate marketing. 

During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, the
Company paid 135,484 as consulting fee for inventory management and operations consulting to an immediate family member of a major
stockholder of AXIL, 74,620 to an immediate family member of the major stockholder in commissions and a contractor fee, and 15,928 to
an immediate member of the major stockholder as compensation for services relating to travel and event coordination. 

On June 16, 2022, the Company and its wholly
owned subsidiary Reviv3 Acquisition Corporation completed the acquisition of both (i) the hearing protection business of AXIL, consisting
of ear plugs and ear muffs, and (ii) AXIL s ear bud business pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated May 1, 2022, as amended
on June 15, 2022, by and among the Company, Reviv3 Acquisition Corporation, AXIL and certain stockholders of AXIL. One of the stockholders
of AXIL is Intrepid Global Advisors, Inc. As of May 31, 2023, Intrepid Global Advisors, Inc. held no outstanding common stock of AXIL
and 19.50 of the outstanding common stock of the Company. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

The SEC requires that before our independent registered public accounting
firm is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be either (i) approved by our audit
committee (or equivalent body) or (ii) entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the audit committee
(or equivalent body), provided that the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the audit committee (or equivalent
body) is informed of each service, and such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the audit committee s (or equivalent
body) responsibilities to management. Our Board pre-approves all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

Fees 

All of the services provided and fees charged by
our independent registered public accounting firm Salberg Company, P.A. Salberg ), were pre-approved by our Board,
as we do not have an audit committee. The following table shows us the fees paid to Salberg, for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023
and 2022 were: 

Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2023 
 Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2022 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 117,100 
 49,200 
 
 Audit related fees (2) 
 700 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total 
 117,800 
 49,200 

(1) These fees relate to the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our interim quarterly
financial statements. 

(2) These fees relate to audit related consulting. 

- 22 - 

 Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

REVIV3 PROCARE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

May 31, 2023 and 2022 

CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-1 

Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets - As of May 31, 2023, and 2022 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations - For the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, and 2022 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity - For the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, and 2022 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - For the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023, and 2022 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

- 23 - 

 Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of: 

 Reviv3 Procare Company. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of Reviv3 Procare Company and subsidiary (the Company as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements
of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended May 31, 2023, and the
related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, and
the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended May 31, 2023, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements
based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are
matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 1 

 Table of Contents 

Business Combinations: 

As described in footnote 2 Basis of Presentation
and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Business Combinations and in footnote 13 Business Combinations ,
to the consolidated financial statements, the Company closed on a business acquisition in fiscal 2023. The determination of fair values
for assets acquired and liabilities assumed and fair value of portions of purchase consideration requires management to make significant
estimates and assumptions such as those related to forecasts of future revenues, operating margins, discount rates and equity values.
Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the fair values. 

We identified business combinations as a critical
audit matter. Auditing management s judgments regarding the above estimates involved a high degree of subjectivity. 

The primary procedures we performed to address this
critical audit matter included (a) evaluated management s process for developing its estimates, (b) evaluated if the valuation method
used by management was appropriate, (c) evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasts by comparing them to historical information,
year to date current information and/or other supporting contracts or information, (d) assessed the reasonableness of the discount rates
used by evaluating each component, (e) evaluated other estimates such as the equity value portions of purchase consideration, and (f)
recomputed the valuation estimates. We agreed with management s valuations. 

/s/ Salberg Company, P.A. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2017 . 

August 21, 2023 

2295 NW Corporate Blvd., Suite 240 Boca Raton,
FL 33431-7328 
Phone: (561) 995-8270 Toll Free: (866) CPA-8500 Fax: (561) 995-1920 
www.salbergco.com info@salbergco.com 
 Member National Association of Certified Valuation Analysts Registered with the PCAOB 
Member CPAConnect with Affiliated Offices Worldwide Member AICPA Center for Audit Quality 

F- 2 

 Table of Contents 

REVIV3 PROCARE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

For the Fiscal Years
 Ended 

May 31, 2023 
 May 31, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

OTHER ASSETS: 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Right of use asset 

Other assets 

Goodwill 

Total Other Assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

Customer deposits 

Equipment payable, current 

Contract liabilities, current 

Notes payable 

Due to related party 

Lease Liability, current 

Income Tax Liability 

Other current liabilities 

Total Current Liabilities 

LONG TERM LIABILITIES: 

Equipment payable 

Lease liability, long term 

Contract liabilities, long term 

Total Long Term Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (see Note 11) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued
 and outstanding as of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, respectively 

Common stock, par value: shares authorized; and shares
 issued, and outstanding as of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

 Table of Contents 

REVIV3 PROCARE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Fiscal Years Ended 

May 31, 
 May 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Sales, net 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Marketing and selling expenses 

Compensation and related taxes 

Professional and consulting expenses 

General and administrative 

Total Operating Expenses 

INCOME (LOSS) FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): 

Gain on debt settlement 

Other income 

Interest income 

Interest expense and other finance charges 

Other Income (Expense), Net 

INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

Provision for income taxes 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

NET INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE: 

Basic 

Diluted 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

 Table of Contents 

REVIV3 PROCARE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED MAY 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock Issued 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, May 31, 2021 

Stock options expense 

Net loss for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 

Balance, May 31, 2022 

Shares issued for acquisition of business 

Stock options expense 

Shares issued for cash 

Net income for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 

Balance, May 31, 2023 

See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

 Table of Contents 

REVIV3 PROCARE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Fiscal Years Ended 

May 31, 2023 
 May 31, 2022 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Bad debts 

Inventory obsolescence 

Stock based compensation 

Gain on debt forgiveness 

Non cash lease expense 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Deposits 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Other current liabilities 

Customer deposits 

Contract liabilities 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Cash acquired on business acquisition 

Purchase of property and equipment 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Cash raised for common stock to be issued 

Proceeds from loan payable 

Repayment of equipment financing 

Repayment of note payable 

Advances (payments) from a related party 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 

CASH - Beginning of year 

CASH - End of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Stock issued for business combination 

Right of use assets recognized as lease liability 

Tangible assets (excluding cash) acquired in business
 combination 

Intangible assets acquired in business combination 

Goodwill acquired in business combination 

Liabilities assumed in business combination 

See accompanying notes to these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

 Table of Contents 

REVIV3 PROCARE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARY 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
MAY 31, 2023 AND 2022 

as
of May 31, 2023 and have incurred operating losses and cash used in operations in the past. We currently expect to earn net income and
positive cash flows from operations during the current fiscal year ending May 31, 2024. We believe our current cash balances, coupled
with anticipated cash flow from operating activities, will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements for at least one year
from the date of issuance of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. We intend to continue to control our cash expenses as
a percentage of expected revenue on an annual basis and thus may use our cash balances in the short-term to invest in revenue growth.
As a result of the acquisition of AXIL s business, we have generated and expect we will continue to generate sufficient cash for
our operational needs, including any required debt payments, for at least one year from the date of issuance of the accompanying consolidated
financial statements. Management is focused on growing the Company s existing product, introducing new products, as well as expanding
its customer base, to increase its revenues. The Company cannot give assurance that it can increase its cash balances or limit its cash
consumption and thus maintain sufficient cash balances for its planned operations or future acquisitions. Future business demands, including
those resulting from the purchase of AXIL s assets in June 2022, may lead to cash utilization at levels greater than recently experienced.
The Company cannot provide any assurance that it will be able to raise additional capital or obtain necessary financing on acceptable
terms, or at all. Subject to the foregoing, management believes that the Company has sufficient capital and liquidity to fund its operations
for at least one year from the date of issuance of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

and
 ,
respectively. 

Revenue recognized, during the fiscal year ended
May 31, 2023, that was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of period (acquisition of AXIL) was . 

and for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The Company follows the provision of ASC 740-10 related
to Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed, there may be uncertainty about the merits of positions taken
or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10, the benefit of a tax
position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which, based on all available evidence, management believes it
is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes,
if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. 

Tax positions that meet the more likely than not
recognition threshold are measured at the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement
with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefit associated with tax positions taken that exceed the amount measured as
described above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet along with
any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions
are all more likely than not to be upheld upon examination. As such, the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits. 

The Company has adopted ASC 740-10-25, Definition
of Settlement , which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled for the
purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion
and examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered effectively settled, an entity
would recognize the full amount of tax benefit, even if the tax position is not considered more likely than not to be sustained based
solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open. The federal and state income tax returns
of the Company are subject to examination by the IRS and state taxing authorities, generally for three years after they are filed. 

t record any impairment loss during the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. 

options
outstanding which were potentially dilutive securities, however they were excluded from the computation since their impact would be
antidilutive. 

For the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, certain
stock options were excluded from the computation of diluted common shares outstanding as they would have an anti-dilutive impact on
the Company s net income. The following table presents a reconciliation of basic and diluted net income per common
share: 

Weighted average basic shares 

Dilutive securities: 

Convertible preferred stock 

Stock options 

Weighted average dilutive shares 

Earnings (loss) per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Merchant Processor Receivable 

Less: Allowance for doubtful debts 

Accounts receivable, net 

The Company recorded bad debt expense of and
 during the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Raw Materials 

Inventory, net 

At May 31, 2023 and 2022, inventory held at third
party locations amounted to and , respectively. At May 31, 2023 and 2022, there was and inventory in- transit, respectively. 

During the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and
2022, the Company created an allowance of 
and ,
respectively, on slow moving inventory included in cost of sales. As of May 31, 2023 and 2022, there was 
slow moving inventory. 

years 

Computer Equipment 
 years 

Plant Equipment 
 - years 

Automobile 
 years 

Less: Accumulated Depreciation 

Depreciation expense amounted to and 
for the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

years 

Customer Relationships 
 years 

Trade Names 
 years 

Website 
 years 

Less: Accumulated Amortization 

Goodwill arising through the business combination
was at May 31, 2023 (see Note 13). 

Amortization expense amounted to and for
the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Accrued Interest 

Royalty Payment Accrual 

Sales Tax Payable and Other Accrued Expenses 

Affiliate Accrual 

Other Current Liabilities 

Equipment Payable, Net 

, which is administered under the authority and regulations
of the U.S. Small Business Administration pursuant to the Economic Injury Disaster Loan Program (the EIDL of the Coronavirus
Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). The Loan, which is evidenced by a note dated May 18, 2020, bears
interest at an annual rate of and is payable installments of 731 per month, beginning May 18, 2021 until May 13, 2050. The
Company has to maintain a hazard insurance policy including fire, lightning, and extended coverage on all items used to secure this loan
to at least 80 of the insurable value. Proceeds from loans granted under the CARES Act are intended to be used for payroll, costs to
continue employee group health care benefits, rent, utilities, and certain other qualified costs (collectively, qualifying expenses ).
The Company used the loan proceeds for qualifying expenses. The Company received a loan forgiveness for during the fiscal year ended
May 31, 2022. During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022, the Company received additional of borrowings under the program. The Company
recorded an accrued interest of and , as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 the Company obtained
insurance financing of on the general liability and excess liability insurance policies. The loan has a finance charge of
 and is payable in 10 monthly installments of 5,650 each beginning November 1, 2022. As of May 31, 2023, six installments have
been paid. As of May 31, 2023 outstanding balance of the loan amounted to . 

Second Draw Paycheck Protection Program (PPP- 2) 

Financing Charges 

Economic Injury Disaster Loan Program (EIDL) 

Total 

Less: Current portion 

Non-current portion 

The amounts of loan payments due in the next fiscal year
ended May 31, are as follows: 

Total 

shares of common stock, par value per share and shares of preferred stock,
par value per share. 

 On
June 13, 2022, the Company amended its amended and restated certificate of incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of
Common Stock from 100,000,000 to shares and to increase the number of authorized shares of preferred stock, par
value per share Preferred Stock ), from 20,000,000 to shares. 

 Preferred Stock 

The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time
in one or more series. The Board of Directors of the Company is expressly authorized to provide for the issuance of all or any of the
shares of the preferred stock in one or more series, and to fix the number of shares and to determine or alter, for each such series,
such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers and such designations, preferences, and relative, participating, optional, or
other rights and such qualifications, limitations, or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated and expressed until the resolution adopted
by the Board of Directors providing the issuance of such shares. The Board of Directors is also expressly authorized to increase or decrease
the number of shares of any series subsequent to the issue of shares of that series. In case the number of shares of any such series shall
be so decreased, the decrease shall resume the status that they had prior to the adoption of the resolution originally fixing the number
of shares of such series. 

During the
fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, the Company issued shares
of non-voting Series A Preferred Stock, which are convertible into shares of Company Common Stock on a one-to-one ratio, pursuant to
the Asset Purchase Agreement (See Note 13 and Common
Stock section below) . These 250,000,000 shares of non-voting Series A Preferred Stock were valued at the fair market
value of at
issuance. 

The holders
of shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have no rights to dividends with respect to such shares. No dividends or other distributions
shall be declared or paid on the Common Stock unless and until dividends at the same rate shall have been paid or declared and set apart
upon the Series A Preferred Stock, based upon the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Series A Preferred Stock may then be
converted. Upon the dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of the Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders of the Series
A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive out of the assets of the Company the sum of 0.0001 per share before any payment or distribution
shall be made on our shares of Common Stock. The Series A Preferred Stock shall not be subject to redemption at the option, election or
request of the Corporation or any holder or holders of the Series A Preferred Stock. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible
at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the second anniversary of the date of the first issuance of the shares of Series
A Preferred Stock into one fully paid and nonassessable share of Common Stock provided, however, that the holder may not convert that
number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock which would cause the holder to become the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the Corporation s
Common Stock as determined in accordance with Sections 13(d) and (g) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and the applicable rules
and regulations thereunder. 

As of May 31, 2023, shares
of Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. 

shares of Preferred Stock
were issued and outstanding as of May 31, 2022. 

Common Stock 

As of May 31, 2023, shares of common stock
were issued and outstanding. 

During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, the
Company issued shares
of Common Stock, valued at ,
as consideration pursuant to the Asset Purchase agreement (See Note 13 and Preferred Stock section above). 

During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, the Company sold shares
of Common Stock at per share for a total of under several private placement agreements. 

No shares of Common Stock were issued during the fiscal year
ended May 31, 2022. 

Stock Options 

The Board approved
the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan on March 21, 2022. Under the Plan, equity-based awards may be
made to employees, officers, directors, non-employee directors and consultants of the Company and its Affiliates (as defined in the plan)
in the form of (i) Incentive Stock Options (to eligible employees only); (ii) Nonqualified Stock Options; (iii) Restricted
Stock; (iv) Stock Awards; (v) Performance Shares; or (vi) any combination of the foregoing. The Plan will terminate upon
the close of business on the day next preceding March 21, 2032, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms of the Plan. The
Board serves as the Plan administrator and may amend or terminate the Plan without stockholder approval, subject to certain exceptions. 

The total number of shares
initially authorized for issuance under the Plan was 10.0 million shares. The Plan provides for an annual increase on April 1 of each
calendar year, beginning in 2022 and ending in 2031, subject to Board approval prior to such date. Such increase may be equal to the lesser
of (i) 4 of the total number of shares of the Company s common stock outstanding on May 31 of the immediately preceding fiscal
year and (ii) such smaller number of shares as determined by the Board. The number of shares authorized for issuance under the Plan will
not change unless the Board affirmatively approves an increase in the number of shares authorized for issuance prior to April 1 of the
applicable year. Shares surrendered or withheld to pay the exercise price of a stock option or to satisfy tax withholding requirements
will not be added back to the number of shares available under the Plan. To the extent that any shares of common stock awarded or subject
to issuance or purchase pursuant to awards under the Plan are not delivered or purchased, or are reacquired by the Company, for any reason,
including a forfeiture of restricted stock or failure to earn performance shares, or the termination, expiration or cancellation of a
stock option, or any other termination of an award without payment being made in the form of shares of common stock will be added to the
number of shares available for awards under the Plan. The number of shares available for issuance under the Plan will be adjusted for
any increase or decrease in the number of outstanding shares of common stock resulting from payment of a stock dividend on common stock,
a stock split or subdivision or combination of shares of common stock, or a reorganization or reclassification of common stock, or any
other change in the structure of shares of common stock, as determined by the Board. Shares available for awards under the Plan will consist
of authorized and unissued shares. 

Two types of options may
be granted under the Plan: (1) Incentive Stock Options, which may only be issued to eligible employees of the Company and are required
to have exercise price of the option not less than the fair market value of the common stock on the grant date, or, in the case of
an Incentive Stock Option granted to a Ten Percent Stockholder, 110 of the fair market value of the common stock on the grant date;
and (2) Non-qualified Stock Options, which may be issued to participants under the Plan and which may have an exercise price less than
the fair market value of the common stock on the grant date, but not less than par value of the stock. 

The Board may grant or sell
restricted stock to participants (i.e., shares that are subject to a subject to restrictions or limitations as to the participant s
ability to sell, transfer, pledge or assign such shares) under the Plan. Except for these restrictions and any others imposed by the Board,
upon the grant of restricted stock, the recipient generally will have rights of a stockholder with respect to the restricted stock. During
the applicable restriction period, the recipient may not sell, exchange, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of the restricted stock.
The Board may also grant awards of common stock to participants under the Plan, as well as awards of performance shares, which are awards
for which the payout is subject to achievement of such performance objectives established by the Board. Performance shares may be settled
in cash. 

Each equity-based award granted
under the Plan will be evidenced by an award agreement that specifies the terms of the award and such additional limitations, terms and
conditions as the Board may determine, consistent with the provisions of the Plan. 

Upon the occurrence of a
change in control, unless otherwise provided in an award agreement: (i) all outstanding stock options will become immediately exercisable
in full; (ii) all outstanding performance shares will vest in full as if the applicable performance conditions were achieved in full,
subject to certain adjustments, and will be paid out as soon as practicable; and (iii) all restricted stock will immediately vest in full.
The Plan defines a change in control as (i) the adoption of a plan of merger or consolidation of the Company with any other corporation
or association as a result of which the holders of the voting capital stock of the Company as a group would receive less than 50 of the
voting capital stock of the surviving or resulting corporation; (ii) the approval by the Board of an agreement providing for the sale
or transfer (other than as security for obligations of the Company) of substantially all the assets of the Company; or (iii) in the absence
of prior Board approval, the acquisition of more than 20 of the Company s voting capital stock by any person within the meaning
of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act (other than the Company or a person that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is
under common control with, the Company). 

Subject to the Plan s
terms, the Board has full power and authority to determine whether, to what extent and under what circumstances any outstanding award
will be terminated, canceled, forfeited or suspended. Awards to that are subject to any restriction or have not been earned or exercised
in full by the recipient will be terminated and canceled if such recipient is terminated for cause, as determined by the Board in its
sole discretion. 

The Company estimates the
fair value of share-based compensation utilizing the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which is dependent upon several variables such
as the expected option term, expected volatility of the Company s stock price over the expected term, expected risk-free interest
rate over the expected option term and expected dividend yield rate over the expected option term. The Company believes this valuation
methodology is appropriate for estimating the fair value of stock options granted to employees and directors which are subject to ASC
Topic 718 requirements. These amounts are estimates and thus may not be reflective of actual future results, nor amounts ultimately realized
by recipients of these grants. The Company recognizes compensation on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for each
award. 

The Company utilizes the
simplified method to estimate the expected life for stock options granted to employees. The simplified method was used as the Company
does not have sufficient historical data regarding stock option exercises. The expected volatility is based on historical volatility.
The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yields with terms equivalent to the expected life of the related option at the
time of the grant. Dividend yield is based on historical trends. While the Company believes these estimates are reasonable, the compensation
expense recorded would increase if the expected life was increased, a higher expected volatility was used, or if the expected dividend
yield increased. 

Pursuant
to the Plan, on May 10, 2022, the Company issued to two Company officers non-statutory stock options to purchase, in the aggregate, up
to shares of its Common Stock, at an exercise price of per share and expiring on April 20, 2032. The options
vest over time with 25 of the options vesting on September 1, 2022 and thereafter vesting 1/24 th on
the 1 st of every month. None of the options
are vested as of May 31, 2022. 

Pursuant to
the Plan, on November 1, 2022, the Company issued non-statutory stock options, to a former executive officer of the Company, to purchase,
in the aggregate, up to shares of its Common Stock, at an exercise price of per share and expiring on October
31, 2032. shares vested as of January 29, 2023, and the remaining options were forfeited in April 2023 when the executive
officer left the Company. 

The Company computed the aggregate grant date fair
value of 
 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which is being recorded as stock-based compensation expense over the vesting period.
During the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded a stock-based compensation expense of 
 and 
 respectively, for these options in the accompanying financial statements. 

The Black-Scholes options pricing model used the
following assumptions: 

Expected life 
 years 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 

Expected dividend 

The following table summarizes the activity relating
to the Company s stock options held by executive officers: 

Exercised 

Outstanding at May 31, 2022 

Granted 

Less: Forfeited 

Less: Unvested at May 31, 2023 

Vested at May 31, 2023 

year
term beginning December 1, 2022. The rent is per
month for the first year and will increase by a certain amount the following year. 

The Company treats a contract as a lease when the
contract conveys the right to use a physically distinct asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration, or the Company directs
the use of the asset and obtains substantially all the economic benefits of the asset. These leases are recorded as right-of-use ROU assets and lease obligation liabilities for leases with terms greater than 12 months. ROU assets represent the Company s right to
use an underlying asset for the entirety of the lease term. Lease liabilities represent the Company s obligation to make payments
over the life of the lease. A ROU asset and a lease liability are recognized at commencement of the lease based on the present value of
the lease payments over the life of the lease. Initial direct costs are included as part of the ROU asset upon commencement of the lease.
Since the interest rate implicit in a lease is generally not readily determinable for the operating leases, the Company uses an incremental
borrowing rate to determine the present value of the lease payments. The incremental borrowing rate represents the rate of interest the
Company would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar lease term to obtain an asset of similar value. 

The Company reviews the impairment of ROU assets consistent
with the approach applied for the Company s other long-lived assets. The Company reviews the recoverability of long-lived assets
when events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. The assessment
of possible impairment is based on the Company s ability to recover the carrying value of the asset from the expected undiscounted
future pre-tax cash flows of the related operations. 

Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis
over the lease term, while variable lease payments are expensed as incurred. Variable payments change due to facts or circumstances occurring
after the commencement date, other than the passage of time, and do not result in a remeasurement of lease liabilities. The Company s
lease agreements do not contain any residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants. 

Pursuant to the new standard, the Company
recorded an initial lease liability of 
and an initial right of use asset in the same amount in 2019. The Company computed another
initial lease liability of for
the new lease agreement and an initial ROU asset in the same amount which was recorded on books at the commencement of the new 
lease on December 1, 2022. During the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded a lease expense in the amount
of 
and ,
respectively. As of May 31, 2023, the lease liability balance was 
and the right of use asset balance was .
A lease term of three years and a discount rate of 
was used. 

Supplemental balance sheet information related to
leases was as follows: 

Accumulated reduction 

Operating lease assets, net 

Liabilities 

Lease Liability 

Accumulated reduction 

Total lease liability, net 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 

Maturities of operating lease liabilities were as
follows as of May 31, 2023: 

2025 

Total 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Contingencies 

On November 23, 2020, the
Company was served a copy of a complaint filed by Jacksonfill, LLC in the Fourth Circuit Court for Duval County, Florida. The complaint
alleges breach of Agreement for non-payments for certain products against the Company. The allegations arise from alleged discrepancies
discovered by the Company in the manufacturing of certain product. The Company has retained counsel and intends to vigorously defend the
allegations. The product was delivered to the Company, however, the Company believes that the product was defective. The litigation process has not progressed and the amount of the
claim of has been recorded as accounts payable, in the accompanying consolidated financial statements as of May 31, 2023. 

and ,
respectively. These advances were short-term in nature and non-interest bearing. Additionally, pursuant to a voting agreement, effective
June 16, 2022 as amended effective November 7, 2022, with AXIL and Intrepid Global Advisors, we are subject to certain limitations on
our ability to sell our capital stock until June 2024. 

During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023,
the Company paid as
consulting fee for product development to Weston T. Harris, a major stockholder of AXIL, and also paid to
immediate family members of the major stockholder as compensation for services relating to packaging design and affiliate
marketing. 

During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, the
Company paid as consulting fee for inventory management and operations consulting to an immediate family member of a major
stockholder of AXIL, to an immediate family member of the major stockholder in commissions and a contractor fee, and to
an immediate member of the major stockholder as compensation for services relating to travel and event coordination . 

On June 16, 2022, the Company and its wholly
owned subsidiary Reviv3 Acquisition Corporation completed the acquisition of both (i) the hearing protection business of AXIL, consisting
of ear plugs and ear muffs, and (ii) AXIL s ear bud business pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated May 1, 2022, as amended
on June 15, 2022, by and among the Company, Reviv3 Acquisition Corporation, AXIL and certain stockholders of AXIL. One of the stockholders
of AXIL is Intrepid Global Advisors, Inc. As of May 31, 2023, Intrepid Global Advisors, Inc. held no outstanding common stock of AXIL
and 19.50 of the outstanding common stock of the Company. 

of the outstanding common stock of AXIL 
and 
 of the outstanding Common Stock of the Company. As of May 31, 2023 Intrepid held
no outstanding common shares of AXIL , as they were distributed with the Asset Purchase
Agreement. Jeff Toghraie, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, is a managing director of Intrepid. 

As consideration
for the Asset Purchase, AXIL received a total of shares of the company
comprised of (a) shares
of the Company s Common Stock and (b) shares
of the company s non-voting Series A Preferred Stock, which are convertible into shares of Company Common Stock on a one-to-one ratio. The Preferred
Shares may not be converted or transferred for a period of two years following the closing of the acquisition. Thereafter, no holder
of Preferred Shares may convert such shares into a number of shares of Company Common Stock that would cause the holder to beneficially
own more than 5 of the Company s Common Stock, as determined in accordance with Sections 13(d) and (g) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). The purchase price was computed to be based
on a fair value of per
common share on the date of acquisition. 

The Company is utilizing the AXIL
 assets to expand into the hearing enhancement business through its newly incorporated subsidiary. 

The acquisition is accounted for by the Company in
accordance with the acquisition method of accounting pursuant to ASC 805 Business Combinations and pushdown accounting is
applied to record the fair value of the assets acquired by the Company. Under this method, the purchase price is allocated to the identifiable
assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Any excess of the amount paid
over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired was allocated to goodwill. 

The following is a summary of the fair value
of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses 

Other assets 

Accounts payable 

Contract liabilities 

Other current liabilities 

Net tangible assets acquired 

Identifiable intangible assets 

Licensing rights 

Customer relationships 

Tradenames 

Website 

Total Identifiable intangible assets 

Consideration paid 

Total net assets acquired 

Goodwill purchased 

Pro Forma Information (Unaudited) 

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
statements are based on Reviv3 and AXIL s unaudited historical consolidated financial statements as adjusted to give effect to
the Asset Purchase Agreement. The unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 and 2022,
for Reviv3 and AXIL, give effect to the Asset Purchase Agreement as if it had occurred on June 1, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Net income (loss) 

Earnings (loss) per common share 

Basic 

Diluted 

The pro forma
financial information is not necessarily indicative of the results that would have occurred if the acquisition had occurred on the date
indicated or that result in the future. 

. At May 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company held cash in various
accounts of approximately and , respectively, in excess of federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced
any losses in such accounts through May 31, 2023. 

Concentration
of Revenue, Accounts Receivable, Product Line, and Supplier Hair and Skin Care Products 

During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 hair
and skin care product sales to three customers, which each represented over 10 of our total sales, aggregated to approximately 
of the Company s net sales at , 
and .
During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 sales to two customers, which each represented over 10 of our total sales, aggregated to
approximately 
of the Company s net sales at 
and . 

During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 hair
and skin care product sales to customers outside the United States represented approximately 
which consisted of 
from Canada and 
from Italy and during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 sales to customers outside the United States represented approximately 
which consisted of 
from Canada and 
from Italy. 

During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, hair
and skin care product sales
by product line which each represented over 10 of sales consisted of approximately 
 from sales of hair shampoo, and 
 from sales of hair conditioner and 
 from bundle kits. During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022, hair
and skin care product sales by product line which each represented over 10 of sales consisted
of approximately 
 from sales of hair shampoo, 
 from sales of hair shampoo and conditioner, 
 from sale of introductory kit (shampoo, conditioner and treatment spray) and 29 from sale of bundle packs (shampoo, conditioner
and spray). 

During the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and
2022 sales for the hair and skin care product lines comprised of the following: 

Ancillary Products 

Total 

At May 31, 2023, hair
and skin care product s only accounts receivable from one
customer accounted for more than 10 of sales transactions, which was Amazon and the second largest customer accounted for , which is
due to the fact that products are sold primarily through direct-to-consumer. At May 31, 2022, accounts receivable from four customers
represented approximately at , , and . 

Hair
and skin care product purchased inventories and products from
three vendors totaling approximately , of the purchases at , and during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 and
four vendors totaling approximately of the purchases at , , 30 and during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022. 

Concentration
of Revenue, Accounts Receivable, Product Line, and Supplier Ear Protection and Enhancement Products 

AXIL is sold direct-to-consumer, therefore, during
the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, of sales was direct to customers. There was no single customer that accounted
for greater than 2 of total sales. 

During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 AXIL sales to customers
outside the United States represented approximately which consisted of from Canada and the remaining from various countries. 

Manufacturing
is outsourced primarily overseas via a number of third party vendors, the two largest vendors accounting for 82 and 10 of all purchases. 

During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, AXIL sale of ear
buds for PSAP (personal sound amplification product) and hearing protection by product line which each represented over 10 of sales consisted
approximately from Ghost Stryke Extreme model GS-X 18.1M) and 9 of sales of Trackr earmuffs 1.9M). 

During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 sales by
hearing enhancement and protection products comprised of the following: 

Trackr Earmuffs 

Other Bluetooth and ear buds 

Accessories, other 

Total 
 .0 

Hearing enhancement and protection 

Total net sales 

Operating earnings (loss) 

Segment gross profit: 

Hair care and skin care 

Hearing enhancement and protection 

Total segment gross profit 

Selling and Marketing 

General and Administrative 

Consolidated operating income (loss) 

Total Assets: 

Hair care and skin care 

Hearing enhancement and protection 

Consolidated total assets 

Payments for property and equipment 

Hair care and skin care 

Hearing enhancement and protection 

Consolidated total payments for property and equipment 

Depreciation and amortization 

Hair care and skin care 

Hearing enhancement and protection 

Consolidated total depreciation and amortization 

Geographic Area Information 

During the fiscal year ended May
31, 2023, approximately of our consolidated net sales were to customers located in the U.S. (based on the customer s shipping
address). All Company assets are located in the U.S. 

for income tax purposes as of May 31, 2023. The net operating loss carries forward for United States and California
income taxes, which may be available to reduce future years taxable income. Management believes that the realization of the benefits
from these losses appears more than likely due to the Company s current year net income results and should be able to fully utilize
that benefit in the current year tax filings. Management will not provide a valuation allowance for the losses as they appear to be fully
realized. 

The items accounting for the difference between income
taxes at the effective statutory rate and the provision for income were as follows: 

State
 tax expense (benefit) blended rate 

Change
 in federal tax rate estimate for prior years 

Non-deductible
 expenses: Stock-based compensation 

Non
 deductible expense: Other 

Non
 taxable: COVID related grants/loan forgiveness 

Benefit
 of tax amortization of intangibles 

Deferred
 tax true up 

Net
 operating loss benefit 

Tax
 expense (benefit) 

Increase
 (decrease) in valuation allowance 

Change
 in deferred tax asset 

Net
 income tax (benefit)/expense 

The Company has a deferred tax asset which is summarized
as follows at: 

Deferred tax assets: 

Less:
 valuation allowance 

Net
 deferred tax asset 

Due to the net income at May 31, 2023 the Company
reversed the valuation allowance against the deferred income tax asset at May 31, 2023 as current year taxable income will be sufficient
to utilize the total loss carryforward. There is remaining deferred tax asset at May 31, 2023. 

The Company does not have any uncertain tax positions
or events leading to uncertainty in a tax position. The Company s 2020, 2021 and 2022 Corporate Income Tax Returns are subject to
Internal Revenue Service examination. 

F- 26 

 Table of Contents 

(b) Exhibits 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 Exhibit Description 
 Filed herewith 
 
 Furnished herewith 
 Form 
 Period Ending 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 
 
 2.1+ 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2022, among Reviv3 Procare Company, Reviv3 Acquisition Corporation, Axil Associated Brands Corp., and Certain Stockholders of Axil Associated Brands Corp. 

8-K 

10.1 
 
 6/22/2022 
 
 2.2 
 Amendment Number 1 to Asset Purchase Agreement, effective as of June 10, 2022, among Reviv3 Procare Company, Reviv3 Acquisition Corporation, Axil Associated Brands Corp., and Certain Stockholders of Axil Associated Brands Corp. 

8-K 
 
 10.2 
 6/22/2022 
 
 2.3 
 Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement, dated September 8, 2022, between Reviv3 Procare Company, Reviv3 Acquisition Corporation, and Axil Associated Brands Corp. and Certain Stockholders of Axil Associated Brands Corp. 

10-Q 
 8/31/2022 
 10.2 
 10/12/2022 
 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

S-1 
 
 3.3 
 10/6/2017 
 
 3.2 
 Bylaws 

S-1 
 
 3.2 
 10/6/2017 
 
 3.3 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

10-K 
 5/31/2022 
 3.3 
 8/25/2022 
 
 4.1 
 Description of the Company s Registered Securities 

10-K 
 5/31/2022 
 4.1 
 8/25/2022 
 
 4.2 
 Form of common stock Certificate of REVIV3 PROCARE COMPANY 

S-1/A 
 
 4.2 
 11/17/2017 
 
 10.1 
 Contribution Agreement between Reviv3 Procare, LLC and Reviv3 Procare Company, dated June 1, 2015 

S-1 
 
 10.1 
 10/6/2017 
 
 10.2 
 Voting Agreement, dated June 16, 2022, between Reviv3 Procare Company, Intrepid Global Advisors, and Axil Associated Brands Corp. 

8-K 
 
 10.3 
 6/22/2022 
 
 10.2.1 
 Amendment Number 1 to Voting Agreement, dated November 7, 2022, by and among Reviv3 Procare Company, Intrepid Global Advisors, Inc. and Axil Associated Brands Corp. 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 11/9/2022 
 
 10.3 
 Second Draw Paycheck Protection Program Term Note, dated February 7, 2021 

10-K 
 5/31/2022 
 10.4 
 8/25/2022 
 
 10.4+ 
 Loan Authorization and Agreement (Economic Injury Disaster Loan), dated May 18, 2020, between the U.S. Small Business Administration and the Company 

10-K 
 5/31/2022 
 10.5 
 8/25/2022 
 
 10.5 
 Note (Secured Disaster Loans), entered into by the Company, as Borrower, for the benefit of the U.S. Small Business Administration, as of May 18, 2020 

10-K 
 5/31/2022 
 10.6 
 8/25/2022 
 
 10.6 
 Security Agreement, dated May 18, 2020, between the U.S. Small Business Administration and the Company 

10-K 
 5/31/2022 
 10.7 
 8/25/2022 
 
 10.7 
 Equity Incentive Plan (March 2022) 

10-K 
 5/31/2022 
 10.8 
 8/25/2022 
 
 10.8 
 Form of Option Award Agreement 

10-K 
 5/31/2022 
 10.9 
 8/25/2022 
 
 10.9 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement 
 X 

10.10 
 Form of Restricted Stock Grant Agreement 
 X 

10.11 
 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
 X 

10.12+ 
 Standard Industrial/Commercial Multi-Tenant Lease, dated November 9, 2022, between Vicky Lien and Reviv3 Procare Company 

10-Q 
 11/30/2022 
 10.4 
 1/10/2023 
 
 10.13 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 

10-Q 
 11/30/2022 
 10.5 
 1/10/2023 
 
 10.14 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 3/3/2023 
 
 10.15 
 Executive Employment Agreement, dated April 24, 2023, by and between Reviv3 Procare Company and Monica Diaz Brickell 

8-K 
 
 10.1 
 4/27/2023 
 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 

10-K 
 5/31/2022 
 21.1 
 8/25/2022 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 

31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 

32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 

101 
 The following consolidated financial statements from the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 are formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Balance Sheets, (ii) Statements of Operations, (iii) Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity, (iv) Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to Financial Statements 
 X 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 X 

Management compensatory plan or arrangement. 

+ The schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K
and the Company agrees to furnish to the SEC a copy of any omitted schedules or exhibits upon request. 

- 24 - 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not Applicable. 

 SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 21st day of August 2023. 

REVIV3 PROCARE COMPANY 

BY: 
 /s/ Jeff Toghraie 

Jeff Toghraie 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (principal executive officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 Title 
 Date 

/s/ Jeff Toghraie 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (principal executive officer) 
 August 21, 2023 
 
 Jeff Toghraie 

/s/ Monica Diaz Brickell 
 Chief Financial Officer (principal accounting officer and principal financial officer) 
 August 21, 2023 
 
 Monica Diaz Brickell 

/s/ Nancy Hundt 
 Director 
 August 21, 2023 
 
 Nancy Hundt 

- 25 - 

<EX-10.9>
 2
 rviv-20230531_10kex10z9.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.9

Exhibit 10.9 

REVIV3
PROCARE CO. 

2022
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

FORM
OF STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

Unless
otherwise defined herein, the terms in the Stock Option Agreement (the Option Agreement have the same meanings
as defined in the REVIV3 PROCARE CO. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time)(the Plan ). 

I. NOTICE
 OF STOCK OPTION GRANT 

Participant s
Name: Option_Holder (the Participant 

Address:
 ___________________________________ 

You
have been granted an Option to purchase Common Stock of the Company (the Option ), subject to the terms and
conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, as follows: 

Grant
Date: Grant Date 

Vesting
Commencement Date: Vesting Start Date 

Exercise
Price per Share: Exercise Price 

Total
Number of Shares Granted: Options 

Total
Exercise Price: Aggregate_Exercise_Price 

Type
of Option: Incentive Stock Option/Nonqualified Stock Option 

Expiration
Date: Expiration Date 

Vesting
Schedule: 1/4 th of such Options vest on the first, second, third and fourth anniversaries of the Grant Date, subject to
the terms hereof and the Plan. 

To
the extent vested, this Option will be exercisable for three (3) months following the Termination of Service of the Participant, unless
termination is due to the Participant s death or Disability, in which case this Option will be exercisable for twelve (12) months
following the Termination of Service of the Participant. In the event of termination due to the Participant s death, the Company
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the Participant s estate of the exercisability of the Option following the
Participant s death. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, in no event may this Option be exercised following the Termination
of Service of the Participant as determined by the Company s Board to be for Cause or after the Expiration Date as provided above
and this Option may be subject to earlier termination as provided in the Plan. 

Cause 
has the meaning ascribed to such term or words of similar import in the Participant s written employment or service contract with
the Company or its parent or any subsidiary and, in the absence of such agreement or definition, means the Participant s (i) conviction
of, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or any other crime involving moral turpitude; (ii) fraud on or misappropriation of any funds
or property of the Company or its subsidiaries, or any affiliate, customer or vendor; (iii) personal dishonesty, incompetence, willful
misconduct, willful violation of any law, rule or regulation (other than minor traffic violations or similar offenses), or breach of
fiduciary duty which involves personal profit; (iv) willful misconduct in connection with the Participant s duties or willful failure
to perform the Participant s responsibilities in the best interests of the Company or its subsidiaries; (v) illegal use or distribution
of drugs; (vi) violation of any material rule, regulation, procedure or policy of the Company or its subsidiaries, the violation of which
could have a material detriment to the Company; or (vii) material breach of any provision of any employment, non-disclosure, non-competition,
non-solicitation or other similar agreement executed by the Participant for the benefit of the Company or its subsidiaries, all as reasonably
determined by the Company s Board of Directors, which determination will be conclusive. 

Legends . 

(a) 
All certificates representing the Shares issued upon exercise of this Option shall, prior to such date as the Plan and Common Stock hereunder
are covered by a valid Form S-8 or similar U.S. federal registration statement, where applicable, have endorsed thereon the following
legend: 

THE
SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR
THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION, AND MAY BE OFFERED AND SOLD ONLY IF REGISTERED AND QUALIFIED PURSUANT TO THE
RELEVANT PROVISIONS OF U.S. FEDERAL, STATE AND FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS OR IF THE COMPANY IS PROVIDED AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY
TO THE COMPANY THAT REGISTRATION AND QUALIFICATION UNDER U.S. FEDERAL, STATE AND FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS IS NOT REQUIRED. 

(b) 
If the Option is an incentive stock option (ISO), then the following legend will be included: 

THE
SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE WERE ISSUED UPON EXERCISE OF AN INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION, AND THE COMPANY MUST BE NOTIFIED IF THE
SHARES SHALL BE TRANSFERRED BEFORE THE LATER OF THE TWO (2) YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF THE DATE OF GRANT OF THE OPTION OR THE ONE (1) YEAR ANNIVERSARY
OF THE DATE ON WHICH THE OPTION WAS EXERCISED. THE REGISTERED HOLDER MAY RECOGNIZE ORDINARY INCOME IF THE SHARES ARE TRANSFERRED BEFORE
SUCH DATE. 

II. AGREEMENT 

1. 
 Grant of Option . The Administrator grants to the Participant named in the Notice of Stock Option Grant in Part I of this
Option Agreement, an Option to purchase the number of Shares set forth in the Notice of Stock Option Grant, at the exercise price per
Share set forth in the Notice of Stock Option Grant (the Exercise Price ), and subject to the terms and conditions
of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. In the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this
Option Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan prevail. 

If
designated in the Notice of Stock Option Grant as an Incentive Stock Option, this Option is intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock
Option as defined in Code section 422. Nevertheless, to the extent that it exceeds the 100,000 rule of Code section 422(d), this Option
will be treated as a Non-Qualified Stock Option. 

2. 
 Exercise of Option . 

(a) 
 Right to Exercise . This Option is exercisable during its term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set out in the Notice of
Stock Option Grant and with the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. 

(b) 
 Method of Exercise . This Option is exercisable by (i) delivery of an exercise notice in the form attached as Exhibit A 
(the Exercise Notice or in a manner and pursuant to procedures as the Administrator may determine, which
will state the election to exercise the Option, the number of Shares with respect to which the Option is being exercised, and other representations
and agreements as may be required by the Company and (ii) paying the Company in full the aggregate Exercise Price as to all Shares being
acquired, together with any applicable tax withholding. 

This
Option will be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company of a fully executed Exercise Notice accompanied by the aggregate Exercise
Price, together with any applicable tax withholding. 

No
Shares will be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option unless the issuance and exercise of Shares complies with Applicable Laws.
Assuming compliance, for income tax purposes the Shares will be considered transferred to the Participant on the date on which the Option
is exercised with respect to the Shares. 

3. 
 Method of Payment . The aggregate Exercise Price may be paid by any of the following, or a combination thereof, at the election
of the Participant: 

(a) 
cash; 

(b) 
check; 

(c) 
to the extent not prohibited by Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, a promissory note; 

(d) 
other shares of Common Stock, provided Shares have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price
of the Shares as to which said Option will be exercised; 

(e) 
by asking the Company to withhold Shares from the total Shares to be delivered upon exercise equal to the number of Shares having a value
equal to the aggregate Exercise Price of the Shares being acquired; 

(f) 
any combination of the foregoing methods of payment; or 

(g) 
such other consideration and method of payment for the issuance of Shares to the extent permitted by Applicable Laws. 

4. 
 Restrictions on Exercise . This Option may not be exercised if the issuance of such Shares upon such exercise or the method of
payment of consideration for such shares would constitute a violation of any Applicable Laws. The Company will be relieved of any liability
with respect to any delayed issuance of shares or its failure to issue shares if such delay or failure is necessary to comply with Applicable
Laws. 

5. 
 Non-Transferability of Option . This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent
or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant. The terms of the Plan and this Option
Agreement are binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors and assigns of the Participant. 

6. 
 Term of Option . This Option may be exercised only within the term set out in the Notice of Stock Option Grant, and may be exercised
during the term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Option. 

7. 
 Tax Obligations . 

(a) 
 Withholding Taxes . The Participant agrees to arrange for the satisfaction of all Federal, state, local and foreign income and
employment tax withholding requirements applicable to the Option exercise. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may
refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to deliver the Shares if withholding amounts are not delivered at the time of exercise. 

(b) 
 Notice of Disqualifying Disposition of ISO Shares . If the Option granted to the Participant is an Incentive Stock Option ISO ),
and if the Participant sells or otherwise disposes of any of the Shares acquired pursuant to the ISO on or before the later of (i) the
date two (2) years after the Grant Date, or (ii) the date one (1) year after the date of exercise, the Participant must immediately notify
the Company of the disposition in writing. The Participant agrees that the Participant may be subject to income tax withholding by the
Company on the compensation income recognized by the Participant. 

(c) 
 Code Section 409A. Under Code section 409A, an Option that was granted with a per Share exercise price that is determined by the
Internal Revenue Service (the IRS to be less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Grant Date (a
 discount option may be considered deferred compensation. An Option that is a discount option may result
in (i) income recognition by the Participant prior to the exercise of the Option, (ii) an additional twenty percent (20 tax, and (iii)
potential penalty and interest charges. The Participant acknowledges that the Company cannot and has not guaranteed that the IRS will
agree that the per Share Exercise Price of this Option equals or exceeds Fair Market Value of a Share on the Grant Date in a later examination.
The Participant agrees that if the IRS determines that the Option was granted with a per Share exercise price that was less than the
Fair Market Value of a Share on the Grant Date, the Participant will be solely responsible for any and all resulting tax consequences. 

8. 
 No Guarantee of Continued Service . THE PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE VESTING
SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS AN EMPLOYEE OR DIRECTOR AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (OR THE PARENT OR SUBSIDIARY EMPLOYING
OR RETAINING THE PARTICIPANT) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS OPTION OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. OPTIONEE
FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS OPTION AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH
HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS AN EMPLOYEE OR DIRECTOR FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR
ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH THE PARTICIPANT S RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY (OR THE PARENT
OR SUBSIDIARY EMPLOYING OR RETAINING OPTIONEE) TO TERMINATE OPTIONEE S RELATIONSHIP AS AN EMPLOYEE OR DIRECTOR AT ANY TIME, WITH
OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 

9. 
 Notices . All notices or other communications which are required or permitted hereunder will be in writing and sufficient if (i)
personally delivered or sent by telecopy, (ii) sent by nationally-recognized overnight courier or (iii) sent by registered or certified
mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed as follows: 

(a) 
if to the Participant, to the address (or telecopy number) set forth on the Notice of Stock Option Grant; and 

(b) 
if to the Company, to its principal executive office as specified in any report filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange
Commission or to such address as the Company may have specified to the Participant in writing, Attention: Corporate Secretary; 

or
to any other address as the party to whom notice is to be given may have furnished to the other party in writing in accordance herewith.
Any communication will be deemed to have been given (i) when delivered, if personally delivered, or when telecopied, if telecopied, (ii)
on the first Business Day (as hereinafter defined) after dispatch, if sent by nationally-recognized overnight courier and (iii) on the
fourth Business Day following the date on which the piece of mail containing the communication is posted, if sent by mail. As used herein,
 Business Day means a day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which banking institutions in the city
to which the notice or communication is to be sent are not required to be open. 

10. 
 Specific Performance . The Participant expressly agrees that the Company will be irreparably damaged if the provisions of this
Option Agreement and the Plan are not specifically enforced. Upon a breach or threatened breach of the terms, covenants and/or conditions
of this Option Agreement or the Plan by the Participant, the Company will, in addition to all other remedies, be entitled to a temporary
or permanent injunction, without showing any actual damage, and/or decree for specific performance, in accordance with the provisions
hereof and thereof. The Administrator has the power to determine what constitutes a breach or threatened breach of this Option Agreement
or the Plan. The Administrator s determinations will be final and conclusive and binding upon the Participant. 

11. 
 No Waiver . No waiver of any breach or condition of this Option Agreement will be deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent
breach or condition, whether of like or different nature. 

12. 
 Participant Undertaking . The Participant agrees to take whatever additional actions and execute whatever additional documents
the Company may in its reasonable judgment deem necessary or advisable in order to carry out or effect one or more of the obligations
or restrictions imposed on the Participant pursuant to the express provisions of this Option Agreement. 

13. 
 Modification of Rights . The rights of the Participant are subject to modification and termination in certain events as provided
in this Option Agreement and the Plan. 

14. 
 Governing Law . This Agreement is governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas, without giving
effect to its conflict or choice of law principles that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the
substantive law of another jurisdiction. 

15. 
 Counterparts; Facsimile Execution . This Option Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed
to be an original, but all of which together constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile execution and delivery of this Option
Agreement is legal, valid and binding execution and delivery for all purposes. 

16. 
 Entire Agreement . The Plan, this Option Agreement, and upon execution, the Exercise Notice, constitute the entire agreement of
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company
and the Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Participant s interest
except by means of a writing signed by the Company and the Participant. 

17. 
 Severability . In the event one or more of the provisions of this Option Agreement should, for any reason, be held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provisions of this
Option Agreement, and this Option Agreement will be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained
herein. 

18. 
 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . THE OPTIONEE EXPRESSLY, IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING
RELATING TO THIS OPTION AGREEMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. 

[Remainder
of page left intentionally blank.] 

The
Participant acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and represents that he or she is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof,
and accepts this Option subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof. The Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Option in
their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Option and fully understands all provisions
of the Option. The Participant agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator
upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Option. The Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the
residence address indicated below. 

PARTICIPANT

REVIV3
 PROCARE CO. 

Signature 

By: 

Print
 Name: 
 Option_Holder 

Print
 Name: 

Address: 

Address: 

Date
 Signed: 

Date
 Signed: 

EXHIBIT
A 

REVIV3
PROCARE CO. 

2022
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

EXERCISE
NOTICE 

REVIV3
PROCARE CO. 

[Address] 

Attention:
REVIV3 PROCARE CO., Corporate Secretary 

1. 
 Exercise of Option . Effective as of today, _____________, _____, the undersigned (the Participant elects
to exercise the Participant s option to purchase ___________ shares of the Common Stock (the Shares of REVIV3
PROCARE CO. (the Company under and pursuant to the REVIV3 PROCARE CO. 2023 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Stock Option Agreement dated and effective _________ (the Option Agreement ). 

2. 
 Delivery of Payment . The Participant herewith delivers to the Company the full purchase price of the Shares, as set forth in the
Option Agreement, and any and all withholding taxes due in connection with the exercise of the Option. 

3. 
 Representations of Participant . The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has received, read and understood the Plan and
the Option Agreement and agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and conditions. 

4. 
 Rights as Stockholder . Until the issuance of the Shares (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or
of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder exists
with respect to the Optioned Stock, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. Subject to the requirements of Section 6 below,
the Shares will be issued to the Participant as soon as practicable after the Option is exercised in accordance with the Option Agreement.
No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance except as provided
in the Plan. 

5. 
 Tax Consultation . The Participant understands that the Participant may suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of the Participant s
purchase or disposition of the Shares. The Participant represents that the Participant has consulted with any tax consultants the Participant
deems advisable in connection with the purchase or disposition of the Shares and that the Participant is not relying on the Company for
any tax advice. 

6. 
 Refusal to Transfer . The Company will not (i) transfer on its books any Shares that have been sold or otherwise transferred in
violation of any of the provisions of this Exercise Notice, or (ii) be required to treat as owner of such Shares or to accord the right
to vote or pay dividends to any purchaser or other transferee to whom such Shares have been so transferred. 

7. 
 Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under this Exercise Notice to single or multiple assignees, and
this Exercise Notice inures to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein
set forth, this Exercise Notice is binding upon the Participant and his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 

8. 
 Interpretation . Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Exercise Notice will be submitted by the Participant or by the
Company forthwith to the Administrator for review at its next regular meeting. The resolution of disputes by the Administrator will be
final and binding on all parties. 

9. 
 Governing Law; Severability . This Exercise Notice is governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Texas,
without giving effect to its conflict or choice of law principles that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Exercise
to the substantive law of another jurisdiction. In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Exercise Notice will continue in full force and effect. 

10. 
 Participant Representations . 

(a) 
(With respect to a transaction occurring prior to such date as the Plan and Common Stock thereunder are covered by a valid Form S-8 or
similar U.S. federal registration statement, the Participant agrees that in no event shall the Participant make a disposition of any
of the Common Stock, unless and until: (i) the Participant shall have notified the Company of the proposed disposition and shall have
furnished the Company with a statement of the circumstances surrounding the proposed disposition; and (ii) the Participant shall have
furnished the Company with an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company to the effect that (A) such disposition will not require
registration or qualification of such Common Stock under applicable U.S. federal, state or foreign securities laws or (B) appropriate
action necessary for compliance with the U.S. federal, state or foreign securities laws has been taken; or (iii) the Company shall have
waived, expressly and in writing, its rights under clauses (i) and (ii) of this Subsection. 

(b) 
(The Participant understands that if a registration statement covering the Common Stock under the Securities Act is not in effect when
the Participant desires to sell the Common Stock, the Participant may be required to hold the Common Stock for an indeterminate period.
The Participant also acknowledges that the Participant understands that any sale of the Common Stock which might be made by the Participant
in reliance upon Rule 144 under the Securities Act may be made only in limited amounts in accordance with the terms and conditions of
that Rule. 

11. 
 Other Documents . The Participant hereby acknowledges receipt or the right to receive a document providing the information required
by Rule 428(b)(1) promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including, but not limited to, the information required by
Part I of Form S-8, if applicable. 

12. 
 Notices . Any notice required or permitted hereunder will be provided in writing and deemed effective if provided in the manner
specified in the Option Agreement. 

13. 
 Further Instruments . The parties agree to execute any further instruments and to take any further action as may be reasonably
necessary to carry out the purposes and intent of the Option Agreement and this Exercise Notice. 

14. 
 Entire Agreement . The Plan and Option Agreement are incorporated herein by reference. This Exercise Notice, the Plan, and the
Option Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety
all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and the Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified
adversely to the Participant s interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and the Participant. 

[Signature
page follows.] 

Submitted
 by: 

Accepted
 by: 

PARTICIPANT 
 
 REVIV3 PROCARE CO. 

Signature 

By:

Print Name: 

Print
 Name: 

Address: 

Date
 Received: 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 3
 rviv-20230531_10kex10z10.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.10

Exhibit 10.10 

REVIV3
PROCARE CO. 

2022
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

NOTICE
OF RESTRICTED STOCK GRANT 

Capitalized
but otherwise undefined terms in this Notice of Restricted Stock Grant and the attached Restricted Stock Grant Agreement shall have the
same defined meanings as in the REVIV3 PROCARE CO. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time)(the Plan ). 

Participant s
 Name: 
 
 (the
 Participant 

Address: 

You
have been granted Restricted Stock subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the attached Restricted Stock Grant Agreement,
as follows: 

Date
 of Grant: 

Vesting
 Commencement Date: 

Price
 Per Share: 

Total
 Number of Shares Granted: 

Total
 Value of Shares Granted: 

Total
 Purchase Price: 

Agreement
 Date: 

Vesting
 Schedule: 

REVIV3
PROCARE CO. 

2022
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

RESTRICTED
STOCK GRANT AGREEMENT 

This
 RESTRICTED STOCK GRANT AGREEMENT Agreement ), dated as of the Agreement Date specified on the Notice
of Restricted Stock Grant is made by and between REVIV3 PROCARE CO., a Delaware corporation (the Company ),
and the grantee named in the Notice of Restricted Stock Grant (the Participant, which term as used herein
shall be deemed to include any successor to Participant by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, unless the context shall
otherwise require). 

BACKGROUND 

Pursuant
to the Plan, the Board (or an authorized Committee thereof), approved the issuance to the Participant, effective as of the date set forth
above, of an award of the number of shares of Restricted Stock as is set forth in the attached Notice of Restricted Stock Grant (which
is expressly incorporated herein and made a part hereof, the Notice of Restricted Stock Grant at the purchase
price per share of Restricted Stock (the Purchase Price ), if any, set forth in the attached Notice of Restricted
Stock Grant, upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual premises and undertakings hereinafter set forth, the parties agree as follows: 

1. 
 Grant and Purchase of Restricted Stock . The Company hereby grants to the Participant, and the Participant hereby accepts
the Restricted Stock set forth in the Notice of Restricted Stock Grant, subject to the payment by the Participant of the total purchase
price, if any, set forth in the Notice of Restricted Stock Grant. 

2. 
 Stockholder Rights . 

(a) 
 Voting Rights . Until such time as all or any part of the Restricted Stock are forfeited to the Company under this Agreement, if
ever, the Participant (or any successor in interest) has the rights of a stockholder, including voting rights, with respect to the Restricted
Stock subject, however, to the transfer restrictions or any other restrictions set forth in the Plan. 

(b) 
 Dividends and Other Distributions . During the period of restriction, the Participany is entitled to all regular cash dividends
or other distributions paid with respect to all shares while they are so held. If any such dividends or distributions are paid in shares,
such shares will be subject to the same restrictions on transferability and forfeitability as the Restricted Stock with respect to which
they were paid. 

3. 
 Vesting of Restricted Stock . 

(a) 
The Restricted Stock are restricted and subject to forfeiture until vested. The Restricted Stock which have vested and are no longer
subject to forfeiture are referred to as Vested Shares. All Restricted Stock which have not become Vested
Shares are referred to as Nonvested Shares. 

(b) 
Restricted Stock will vest and become nonforfeitable in accordance with the vesting schedule contained in the Notice of Restricted Stock
Grant. 

(c) 
Any Nonvested Shares of the Participant will automatically vest and become nonforfeitable if the Participant s service with the
Company ceases owing to the Participant s (a) death, (b) Disability, or (c) Retirement, unless the Board (or an authorized committee
thereof) provides otherwise. 

(d) 
In the event of a Change of Control, the Board (or an authorized committee thereof), in its discretion, may accelerate the time at which
all or any portion of the Participant s Restricted Stock will vest. 

(e) 
Terms used in Section 3 and Section 4 have the following meanings: 

(i) 
 Cause has the meaning ascribed to such term or words of similar import in the Participant s written
employment or service contract with the Company or its subsidiaries and, in the absence of such agreement or definition, means the Participant s
(i) conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or crime involving moral turpitude; (ii) fraud on or misappropriation of any
funds or property of the Company or its subsidiaries, or any affiliate, customer or vendor; (iii) personal dishonesty, incompetence,
willful misconduct, willful violation of any law, rule or regulation (other than minor traffic violations or similar offenses), or breach
of fiduciary duty which involves personal profit; (iv) willful misconduct in connection with the Participant s duties or willful
failure to perform the Participant s responsibilities in the best interests of the Company or its subsidiaries; (v) illegal use
or distribution of drugs; (vi) violation of any material rule, regulation, procedure or policy of the Company or its subsidiaries, the
violation of which could have a material detriment to the Company; or (vii) material breach of any provision of any employment, non-disclosure,
non-competition, non-solicitation or other similar agreement executed by the Participant for the benefit of the Company or its subsidiaries,
all as reasonably determined by the Board of Directors of the Company, which determination will be conclusive. 

(ii) 
 Retirement means the Participant s retirement from Company employ at or above the age 65 as determined
in accordance with the policies of the Company or its subsidiaries, if any, in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Company, which
determination will be final and binding on all parties concerned. 

(f) 
Nonvested Shares may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or otherwise disposed of, directly or indirectly, whether by operation
of law or otherwise. The restrictions set forth in this Section will terminate upon a Change of Control. 

4. 
 Forfeiture of Nonvested Shares . Except as provided herein, if the Participant s service with the Company ceases for
any reason other than the Participant s (a) death, (b) Disability, or (c) Retirement, any Nonvested Shares will be automatically
forfeited to the Company; provided, however, that the Board (or an authorized committee thereof) may cause any Nonvested Shares immediately
to vest and become nonforfeitable if the Participant s service with the Company is terminated by the Company without Cause. 

(a) 
 Legend . Each certificate representing Restricted Stock granted pursuant to the Notice of Restricted Stock Grant may bear a legend
substantially as follows: 

THE
SALE OR OTHER TRANSFER OF THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE, WHETHER VOLUNTARY, INVOLUNTARY OR BY OPERATION OF LAW, IS SUBJECT
TO CERTAIN RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER AS SET FORTH IN THE REVIV3 PROCARE CO. 2022 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN AND IN A RESTRICTED SHARE GRANT
AGREEMENT. A COPY OF SUCH PLAN AND SUCH AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM REVIV3 PROCARE CO. 

(b) 
 Escrow of Nonvested Shares . The Company has the right to retain the certificates representing Nonvested Shares in the Company s
possession until such time as all restrictions applicable to such shares have been satisfied. 

(c) 
 Removal of Restrictions . The Participant is entitled to have the legend removed from certificates representing Vested Shares. 

5. 
 Recapitalizations, Exchanges, Mergers, Etc. The provisions of this Agreement apply to the full extent set forth herein
with respect to any and all shares of capital stock of the Company or successor of the Company which may be issued in respect of, in
exchange for, or in substitution for the Restricted Stock by reason of any stock dividend, split, reverse split, combination, recapitalization,
reclassification, merger, consolidation or otherwise which does not terminate this Agreement. Except as otherwise provided herein, this
Agreement is not intended to confer upon any other person except the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder. 

6. 
 Participant Representations . 

The
Participant represents to the Company the following: 

(a) 
 Restrictions on Transfer . The Participant acknowledges that the Restricted Stock to be issued to the Participant must be held
indefinitely unless subsequently registered and qualified under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act or unless an exemption from registration and qualification is otherwise available. In addition, the Participant understands that the
certificate representing the Restricted Stock will be imprinted with a legend which prohibits the transfer of such Restricted Stock unless
they are sold in a transaction in compliance with the Securities Act or are registered and qualified or such registration and qualification
are not required in the opinion of counsel acceptable to the Company. 

(b) 
 Relationship to the Company; Experience . The Participant either has a preexisting business or personal relationship with the Company
or any of its officers, directors or controlling persons or, by reason of the Participant s business or financial experience or
the business or financial experience of the Participant s personal representative(s), if any, who are unaffiliated with and who
are not compensated by the Company or any affiliate or selling agent, directly or indirectly, has the capacity to protect the Participant s
own interests in connection with the Participant s acquisition of the Restricted Stock to be issued to the Participant hereunder.
The Participant and/or the Participant s personal representative(s) have such knowledge and experience in financial, tax and business
matters to enable the Participant and/or them to utilize the information made available to the Participant and/or them in connection
with the acquisition of the Restricted Stock to evaluate the merits and risks of the prospective investment and to make an informed investment
decision with respect thereto. 

(c) 
 Participant s Liquidity . In reaching the decision to invest in the Restricted Stock, the Participant has carefully evaluated
the Participant s financial resources and investment position and the risks associated with this investment, and the Participant
acknowledges that the Participant is able to bear the economic risks of the investment. the Participant (i) has adequate means of providing
for the Participant s current needs and possible personal contingencies, (ii) has no need for liquidity in the Participant s
investment, (iii) is able to bear the substantial economic risks of an investment in the Restricted Stock for an indefinite period and
(iv) at the present time, can afford a complete loss of such investment. The Participant s commitment to investments which are
not readily marketable is not disproportionate to the Participant s net worth and the Participant s investment in the Restricted
Stock will not cause the Participant s overall commitment to become excessive. 

(d) 
 Access to Data . The Participant acknowledges that during the course of this transaction and before deciding to acquire the Restricted
Stock, the Participant has been provided with financial and other written information about the Company. The Participant has been given
the opportunity by the Company to obtain any information and ask questions concerning the Company, the Restricted Stock, and the Participant s
investment that the Participant felt necessary; and to the extent the Participant availed himself/herself of that opportunity, the Participant
has received satisfactory information and answers concerning the business and financial condition of the Company in response to all inquiries
in respect thereof. 

(e) 
 Risks . The Participant acknowledges and understands that (i) an investment in the Company constitutes a high risk, (ii) the Restricted
Stock are highly speculative, and (iii) there can be no assurance as to what investment return, if any, there may be. The Participant
is aware that the Company may issue additional securities in the future which could result in the dilution of the Participant s
ownership interest in the Company. 

(f) 
 Valid Agreement . This Agreement when executed and delivered by the Participant will constitute a valid and legally binding obligation
of the Participant which is enforceable in accordance with its terms. 

(g) 
 Residence . The address set forth on the Notice of Restricted Stock Grant is the Participant s current address and accurately
sets forth the Participant s place of residence. 

(h) 
 Tax Consequences . The Participant has reviewed with the Participant s own tax advisors the federal, state, local and foreign
tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Participant is relying solely on such advisors
and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. The Participant understands that the Participant (and
not the Company) is responsible for the Participant s own tax liability that may arise as a result of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. The Participant understands that Section 83 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ),
taxes as ordinary income the difference between the purchase price for the Restricted Stock and the fair market value of the Restricted
Stock as of the date any restrictions on the Restricted Stock lapse. The Participant understands that the Participant may elect to be
taxed at the time the Restricted Stock is purchased rather than when and as the restrictions lapse by filing an election under Section
83(b) of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service within 30 days from the date of purchase. The form for making this election is attached
as Exhibit A hereto. 

THE
PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT IS THE PARTICIPANT S SOLE RESPONSIBILITY AND NOT THE COMPANY S TO FILE TIMELY ANY ELECTION
UNDER SECTION 83(b), EVEN IF THE PARTICIPANT REQUESTS THE COMPANY OR ITS REPRESENTATIVES TO MAKE THIS FILING ON GRANTEE S BEHALF. 

7. 
 No Employment Contract Created . The issuance of the Restricted Stock is not to be construed as granting to the Participant
any right with respect to continuance of employment or any service with the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The right of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries to terminate at will the Participant s employment or terminate the Participant s service at any
time (whether by dismissal, discharge or otherwise), with or without cause, is specifically reserved, subject to any other written employment
or other agreement to which the Company and the Participant may be a party. 

8. 
 Tax Withholding . The Company has the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or require the Participant to remit to
the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy Federal, state and local taxes (including the Participant s FICA obligation) required
by law to be withheld with respect to the grant and vesting of the Restricted Stock. 

9. 
 Interpretation . The Restricted Stock are being issued pursuant to the terms of the Plan, and are to be interpreted in accordance
therewith. The Board (or an authorized committee thereof) will interpret and construe this Agreement and the Plan, and any action, decision,
interpretation or determination made in good faith by the Board (or an authorized committee thereof) will be final and binding on the
Company and the Participant. 

10. 
 Notices . All notices or other communications which are required or permitted hereunder will be in writing and sufficient
if (i) personally delivered or sent by telecopy, (ii) sent by nationally-recognized overnight courier or (iii) sent by registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed as follows: 

(a) 
if to the Participant, to the address (or telecopy number) set forth on the Notice of Grant; and 

(b) 
if to the Company, to its principal executive office as specified in any report filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange
Commission or to such address as the Company may have specified to the Participant in writing, Attention: Corporate Secretary; 

or
to such other address as the party to whom notice is to be given may have furnished to the other party in writing in accordance herewith.
Any such communication will be deemed to have been given (i) when delivered, if personally delivered, or when telecopied, if telecopied,
(ii) on the first Business Day (as hereinafter defined) after dispatch, if sent by nationally-recognized overnight courier and (iii)
on the fifth Business Day following the date on which the piece of mail containing such communication is posted, if sent by mail. As
used herein, Business Day means a day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which banking institutions
in the city to which the notice or communication is to be sent are not required to be open. 

11. 
 Specific Performance . The Participant expressly agrees that the Company will be irreparably damaged if the provisions of
this Agreement and the Plan are not specifically enforced. Upon a breach or threatened breach of the terms, covenants and/or conditions
of this Agreement or the Plan by the Participant, the Company will, in addition to all other remedies, be entitled to a temporary or
permanent injunction, without showing any actual damage, and/or decree for specific performance, in accordance with the provisions hereof
and thereof. The Board (or an authorized committee thereof) has the power to determine what constitutes a breach or threatened breach
of this Agreement or the Plan. Any such determinations will be final and conclusive and binding upon the Participant. 

12. 
 No Waiver . No waiver of any breach or condition of this Agreement will be deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent
breach or condition, whether of like or different nature. 

13. 
 Participant Undertaking . The Participant hereby agrees to take whatever additional actions and execute whatever additional
documents the Company may in its reasonable judgment deem necessary or advisable in order to carry out or effect one or more of the obligations
or restrictions imposed on the Participant pursuant to the express provisions of this Agreement. 

14. 
 Modification of Rights . The rights of the Participant are subject to modification and termination in certain events as
provided in this Agreement and the Plan. 

15. 
 Governing Law . This Agreement is governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada, without
giving effect to its conflict or choice of law principles that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Agreement
to the substantive law of another jurisdiction. 

16. 
 Counterparts; Facsimile Execution . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed
to be an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile execution and delivery of this Agreement
is legal, valid and binding execution and delivery for all purposes. 

17. 
 Entire Agreement . This Agreement (including the Notice of Restricted Stock Grant) and the Plan, constitute the entire agreement
between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all previously written or oral negotiations, commitments,
representations and agreements with respect thereto. 

18. 
 Severability . In the event one or more of the provisions of this Agreement should, for any reason, be held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provisions of this
Agreement, and this Agreement will be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 

19. 
 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . THE PARTICIPANT HEREBY EXPRESSLY, IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL
ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. 

[Signature
Page Follows] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Restricted Share Grant Agreement as of the date first written above. 

REVIV3
PROCARE CO. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PARTICIPANT: 

Name: 

SPOUSE S
CONSENT TO AGREEMENT 

(Required
where Participant resides in a community property state) 

I
acknowledge that I have read the Agreement and the Plan and that I know and understand the contents of both. I am aware that my spouse
has agreed therein to the imposition of certain forfeiture provisions and restrictions on transferability with respect to the Restricted
Stock that are the subject of the Agreement, including with respect to my community interest therein, if any, on the occurrence of certain
events described in the Agreement. I hereby consent to and approve of the provisions of the Agreement, and agree that I will abide by
the Agreement and bequeath any interest in the Restricted Stock which represents a community interest of mine to my spouse or to a trust
subject to my spouse s control or for my spouse s benefit or the benefit of our children if I predecease my spouse. 

Dated: 

Signature 

Print
 Name 

Exhibit
A 

ELECTION
UNDER SECTION 83(b) 

 OF
THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986 

The
undersigned taxpayer hereby elects, pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, to include in the taxpayer s
gross income or alternative minimum taxable income, as the case may be, for the current taxable year, as compensation for services the
excess (if any) of the fair market value of the shares described below over the amount paid for those shares: 

1. 
The name, address, social security number and taxable year of the undersigned are as follows: 

Taxpayer
 Name: 

Address: 

Social
 Security Number: 

Taxable
 Year: 

2. 
The property with respect to which the election is made is described as follows: __________ shares (the Shares of the Common Stock of REVIV3 PROCARE CO., a Delaware corporation (the Company ). 

3. 
The date on which the property was transferred is:___________________ ,______. 

4. 
The property is subject to the following restrictions: 

The
Shares may not be transferred and are subject to forfeiture under the terms of an agreement between the taxpayer and the Company. These
restrictions lapse upon the satisfaction of certain conditions contained in such agreement. 

5. 
The fair market value of the property at the time of transfer (determined without regard to any restriction other than a nonlapse restriction
as defined in 1.83-3(h) of the Income Tax Regulations) is: _______ per share x ________ shares = ___________. 

6. 
For the property transferred, the undersigned paid ______ per share x _________ shares = ______________. 

7. 
The amount to include in gross income is ______________. [The result of the amount reported in Item 5 minus the amount reported
in Item 6.] 

The
undersigned taxpayer will file this election with the Internal Revenue Service office with which taxpayer files his or her annual income
tax return not later than 30 days after the date of transfer of the property. A copy of the election also will be furnished to the person
for whom the services were performed. The undersigned is the person performing the services in connection with which the property was
transferred. 

The
undersigned understands that the foregoing election may not be revoked except with the consent of the Commissioner . 

Dated:
 ______________________, _____ 
 The
 undersigned spouse of taxpayer joins in this election. 

____________________________________ 
 Dated:
 ______________________, _____ 
 
 Taxpayer 

____________________________________ 

Spouse
 of Taxpayer 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 4
 rviv-20230531_10kex10z11.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.11

Exhibit 10.11 

REVIV3
PROCARE CO. 

2022
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

NOTICE
OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS GRANT 

Capitalized
but otherwise undefined terms in this Notice of Restricted Stock Units Grant and the attached Restricted Stock Units Grant Agreement
shall have the same defined meanings as in the REVIV3 PROCARE CO. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time) (the Plan ). 

Participant s
 Name: 
 
 (the
 Participant 

Address: 

You have been granted Performance
Shares (referred herein and in the attached Restricted Stock Units Grant Agreement as Restricted Stock Units subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and the attached Restricted Stock Grant Agreement, as follows: 

Date
 of Grant: 

Vesting
 Commencement Date: 

Price
 Per Share: 

Total
 Number of Shares Granted: 

Total
 Value of Shares Granted: 

Total
 Purchase Price: 

Agreement
 Date: 

Termination
Date: 10-year anniversary of the Date of Grant 

Vesting
Schedule: All RSUs Granted shall vest on the date of the listing of the Company s securities
on a national securities exchange prior to the Termination Date (the Vesting Date ),
subject to Participant s continued employment with the Company through the one year anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date
set forth above (the Employment Date ). 

REVIV3
PROCARE CO. 

2022
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

RESTRICTED
STOCK UNITS GRANT AGREEMENT 

This
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS GRANT AGREEMENT Agreement ), dated as of the Agreement Date specified on the
Notice of Restricted Stock Units Grant is made by and between REVIV3 PROCARE CO., a Delaware corporation (the Company ),
and the grantee named in the Notice of Restricted Stock Units Grant (the Participant, which term as used
herein shall be deemed to include any successor to Participant by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, unless the context
shall otherwise require). 

BACKGROUND 

Pursuant
to the Plan, the Board (or an authorized Committee thereof), approved the issuance to the Participant, effective as of the date set forth
above, of an award of Performance Shares (referred herein and in the Notice of Restricted Stock Units Grant as Restricted
Stock Units as is set forth in the attached Notice of Restricted Stock Units Grant (which is expressly incorporated herein
and made a part hereof, the Notice of Restricted Stock Units Grant at the purchase price per Restricted
Stock Unit (the Purchase Price ), if any, set forth in the attached Notice of Restricted Stock Units Grant,
upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth. 

NOW,
THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual premises and undertakings hereinafter set forth, the parties agree as follows: 

1. 
 Grant and Purchase of Restricted Stock Units . The Company hereby grants to the Participant, and the Participant hereby
accepts the Restricted Stock Units set forth in the Notice of Restricted Stock Units Grant, subject to the payment by the Participant
of the total purchase price, if any, set forth in the Notice of Restricted Stock Units Grant. 

2. 
 Vesting of Restricted Stock Units . 

(a) 
The Restricted Stock Units will vest in accordance with the vesting schedule contained in the Notice of Restricted Stock Units Grant.
In the event 

(b) 
In the event of the death or termination without Cause of the Participant before the Employment Date, or a Change of Control of the Company
before the Vesting Date, the Board (or an authorized committee thereof), in its discretion, may accelerate the time at which all or any
portion of the Participant s Restricted Stock Units will vest. 

(c) 
For purposes of this Agreement, Cause has the meaning ascribed to such term or words of similar import in
the Participant s written employment or service contract with the Company or its subsidiaries and, in the absence of such agreement
or definition, means the Participant s (i) conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or crime involving moral turpitude;
(ii) fraud on or misappropriation of any funds or property of the Company or its subsidiaries, or any affiliate, customer or vendor;
(iii) personal dishonesty, incompetence, willful misconduct, willful violation of any law, rule or regulation (other than minor traffic
violations or similar offenses), or breach of fiduciary duty which involves personal profit; (iv) willful misconduct in connection with
the Participant s duties or willful failure to perform the Participant s responsibilities in the best interests of the Company
or its subsidiaries; (v) illegal use or distribution of drugs; (vi) violation of any material rule, regulation, procedure or policy of
the Company or its subsidiaries, the violation of which could have a material detriment to the Company; or (vii) material breach of any
provision of any employment, non-disclosure, non-competition, non-solicitation or other similar agreement executed by the Participant
for the benefit of the Company or its subsidiaries, all as reasonably determined by the Board of Directors of the Company, which determination
will be conclusive. 

3. 
 Settlement . If the Restricted Stock Units vest prior to the Termination Date, subject to compliance with Section 8, the
Company shall deliver to the Participant the number of Restricted Stock Units that have vested in Shares (less the number of Shares to
be deducted pursuant to Section 8, if applicable) no later March 15 of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year that
includes the Vesting Date (or in the event of vesting due to the Participant s death or termination without Cause, or a Change
in Control, no later March 15 of the calendar year immediately following the calendar year that includes the date of the Participant
death or termination without Cause, or the Change in Control or such other earlier date on which the Restricted Stock Units vest for
any reason). 

4. 
 Stockholder Rights . Until the issuance of the Shares (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company
or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder exists
with respect to the Stock underlying the Restricted Stock Units. Subject to the requirements of Section 3, the Shares will be issued
to the Participant as soon as practicable after the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units in accordance with the Agreement. No adjustment
will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance except as provided in the Plan . 

5. 
 Non-Transferability . The Restricted Stock Units may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws
of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of the Participant only by the Participant. The terms of the Plan
and this Agreement are binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors and assigns of the Participant. 

6. 
 Term of Restricted Stock Units . If the Restricted Stock Units do not vest before the Termination Date, the Restricted Stock
Units will be permanently forfeited and no longer capable of vesting. 

7. 
 No Employment Contract Created . The issuance of the Restricted Stock Units is not to be construed as granting to the Participant
any right with respect to continuance of employment or any service with the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The right of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries to terminate at will the Participant s employment or terminate the Participant s service at any
time (whether by dismissal, discharge or otherwise), with or without cause, is specifically reserved, subject to any other written employment
or other agreement to which the Company and the Participant may be a party. 

8. 
 Tax Withholding . The Company has the power and the right to deduct or withhold, or require the Participant to remit to
the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy Federal, state and local taxes (including the Participant s FICA obligation) required
by law to be withheld with respect to the vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units. The Participant agrees to arrange for
the satisfaction of all Federal, state, local and foreign income and employment tax withholding requirements applicable to the vesting
and settlement of the Restricted Stock Units. The Participant may choose to satisfy such Federal, state, local and foreign income and
employment tax withholding requirements by instructing the Company to deduct a number Shares with a fair market value equal to amount
of the required tax withholding. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to deliver the Shares if withholding
amounts are not timely delivered and that any delay in settlement may have adverse tax consequences to the Participant. 

9. 
 Interpretation . The Restricted Stock Units are being issued pursuant to the terms of the Plan, and are to be interpreted
in accordance therewith. The Board (or an authorized committee thereof) will interpret and construe this Agreement and the Plan, and
any action, decision, interpretation or determination made in good faith by the Board (or an authorized committee thereof) will be final
and binding on the Company and the Participant. 

10. 
 Notices . All notices or other communications which are required or permitted hereunder will be in writing and sufficient
if (i) personally delivered or sent by telecopy, (ii) sent by nationally-recognized overnight courier or (iii) sent by registered or
certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, addressed as follows: 

(a) 
if to the Participant, to the address (or telecopy number) set forth on the Notice of Grant; and 

(b) 
if to the Company, to its principal executive office as specified in any report filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange
Commission or to such address as the Company may have specified to the Participant in writing, Attention: Corporate Secretary; 

or
to such other address as the party to whom notice is to be given may have furnished to the other party in writing in accordance herewith.
Any such communication will be deemed to have been given (i) when delivered, if personally delivered, or when telecopied, if telecopied,
(ii) on the first Business Day (as hereinafter defined) after dispatch, if sent by nationally-recognized overnight courier and (iii)
on the fifth Business Day following the date on which the piece of mail containing such communication is posted, if sent by mail. As
used herein, Business Day means a day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or a day on which banking institutions
in the city to which the notice or communication is to be sent are not required to be open. 

11. 
 Specific Performance . The Participant expressly agrees that the Company will be irreparably damaged if the provisions of
this Agreement and the Plan are not specifically enforced. Upon a breach or threatened breach of the terms, covenants and/or conditions
of this Agreement or the Plan by the Participant, the Company will, in addition to all other remedies, be entitled to a temporary or
permanent injunction, without showing any actual damage, and/or decree for specific performance, in accordance with the provisions hereof
and thereof. The Board (or an authorized committee thereof) has the power to determine what constitutes a breach or threatened breach
of this Agreement or the Plan. Any such determinations will be final and conclusive and binding upon the Participant. 

12. 
 No Waiver . No waiver of any breach or condition of this Agreement will be deemed to be a waiver of any other or subsequent
breach or condition, whether of like or different nature. 

13. 
 Participant Undertaking . The Participant hereby agrees to take whatever additional actions and execute whatever additional
documents the Company may in its reasonable judgment deem necessary or advisable in order to carry out or effect one or more of the obligations
or restrictions imposed on the Participant pursuant to the express provisions of this Agreement. 

14. 
 Modification of Rights . The rights of the Participant are subject to modification and termination in certain events as
provided in this Agreement and the Plan. 

15. 
 Governing Law . This Agreement is governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Nevada, without
giving effect to its conflict or choice of law principles that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Agreement
to the substantive law of another jurisdiction. 

16. 
 Counterparts; Facsimile Execution . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed
to be an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. Facsimile execution and delivery of this Agreement
is legal, valid and binding execution and delivery for all purposes. 

17. 
 Entire Agreement . This Agreement (including the Notice of Restricted Stock Units Grant) and the Plan, constitute the entire
agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all previously written or oral negotiations,
commitments, representations and agreements with respect thereto. 

18. 
 Severability . In the event one or more of the provisions of this Agreement should, for any reason, be held to be invalid,
illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provisions of this
Agreement, and this Agreement will be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. 

19. 
 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . THE PARTICIPANT HEREBY EXPRESSLY, IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL
ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. 

20. 
 Code Section 409A . The Restricted Stock Units are intended to be exempt from Code section 409A pursuant to the short-term
deferral exemption thereto, and the Plan and this Agreement will be interpreted and administered consistent with such intention. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Participant acknowledges that the Company cannot and has not guaranteed that the IRS will agree that the Restricted
Stock Units qualify for the exemption from Code section 409A. The Participant agrees that if the IRS determines that the Restricted Stock
Units do not qualify for an exemption from Code section 409A and violate the requirements of such section, the Participant will be solely
responsible for any and all resulting tax consequences. 

[Signature
Page Follows] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have executed this Restricted Stock Units Grant Agreement as of the date first written above. 

REVIV3
PROCARE CO. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

PARTICIPANT: 

Name: 

SPOUSE S
CONSENT TO AGREEMENT 

(Required
where Participant resides in a community property state) 

I
acknowledge that I have read the Agreement and the Plan and that I know and understand the contents of both. I am aware that my spouse
has agreed therein to the imposition of certain forfeiture provisions and restrictions on transferability with respect to the Restricted
Stock Units that are the subject of the Agreement, including with respect to my community interest therein, if any, on the occurrence
of certain events described in the Agreement. I hereby consent to and approve of the provisions of the Agreement, and agree that I will
abide by the Agreement and bequeath any interest in the Restricted Stock Units which represents a community interest of mine to my spouse
or to a trust subject to my spouse s control or for my spouse s benefit or the benefit of our children if I predecease my
spouse. 

Dated: 

Signature 

Print
 Name 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 rviv-20230531_10kex31z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Jeff Toghraie, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Reviv3 Procare Company 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
 to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
 presented in this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
 us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
 on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
 and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
 over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
 information; and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 August 21, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jeff Toghraie 

Name: 
 Jeff
 Toghraie 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 rviv-20230531_10kex31z2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), AS ADOPTED 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Monica Diaz Brickell, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Reviv3 Procare Company; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
 to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
 presented in this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
 and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
 us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
 on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
 and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
 over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors
 (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
 information; and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 August 21, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Monica Diaz Brickell 

Name: 
 Monica Diaz Brickell 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer (principal accounting officer and principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 rviv-20230531_10kex32z1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Reviv3 Procare Company (the Company for the year ended May 31, 2023 (the Report ),
I, Jeff Toghraie, Chief Executive Officer, certify as follows: 

A) 
 the
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
 as amended (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)), and 

B) 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report. 

This
statement is authorized to be attached as an exhibit to the Report so that this statement will accompany the Report at such time
as the Report is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
18 U.S.C. Section 1350. Pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Release 33-8238, dated June 5, 2003, this certification
is being furnished and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, or incorporated by reference in any registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. A signed original of this written
statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities
and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date:
 August 21, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Jeff Toghraie 

Name: 
 Jeff
 Toghraie 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 rviv-20230531_10kex32z2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with
the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Reviv3 Procare Company (the Company for the year ended May 31, 2023 (the Report ),
I, Monica Diaz Brickell, Chief Financial Officer, certify as follows: 

A) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (15 U.S.C. 78m
or 78o(d)), and 

B) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report. 

This statement
is authorized to be attached as an exhibit to the Report so that this statement will accompany the Report at such time as the Report is
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350.
Pursuant to Securities and Exchange Commission Release 33-8238, dated June 5, 2003, this certification is being furnished and shall not
be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or incorporated by reference
in any registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except to the extent that the Company
specifically incorporates it by reference. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the
Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date: August 21, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Monica Diaz Brickell 

Name: 
 Monica Diaz Brickell 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer (principal accounting officer 
 and principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 rviv-20230531.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 rviv-20230531_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 rviv-20230531_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 rviv-20230531_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

