<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230803_10-K_edgar_data_8670_0000008670-23-000030.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>85711218</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>492939</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>73705410</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5820993</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2827676</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2498846</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000008670-23-000030.hdr.sgml : 20230803
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230803164901
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000008670-23-000030
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		142
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230803
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230803

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000008670
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		IRS NUMBER:				221467904
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05397
		FILM NUMBER:		231140904

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE ADP BOULVARD
		CITY:			ROSELAND
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07068
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9739745000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE ADP BOULEVARD
		CITY:			ROSELAND
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07068

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000008670-23-000030.txt : 20230803

10-K
 1
 adp-20230630.htm
 10-K

adp-20230630 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ______________ 
 
 FORM 
 _________________ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Year Ended , 2023 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period From to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: )- Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to the filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately . On July 31, 2023 there were shares of Common Stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 
 Page Part I Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 17 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 24 
 Item 2. Properties 
 24 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 24 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 24 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 25 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 26 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 42 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 77 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 77 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 81 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 81 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 82 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 84 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 84 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 84 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 84 
 Part IV. Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 84 
 Signatures 89 

2 

Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 CORPORATE BACKGROUND 
 General 
 In 1949, our founders established ADP to shape the world of work with a simple, innovative idea: help clients focus on their business by solving their payroll challenges. Today, we are one of the world s leading global technology companies providing comprehensive cloud-based human capital management (HCM) solutions that unite HR, payroll, talent, time, tax and benefits administration. Our unmatched experience, expertise, insights and cutting-edge technology have transformed HCM from an administrative challenge to a strategic business advantage. Tailored to meet the needs of businesses of all sizes, we help them work smarter today so they can have more success tomorrow. We serve over 1 million clients and pay over 41 million workers in 140 countries and territories. Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol ADP. 

When we refer to we, us, our, ADP, or the Company in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we mean Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

3 

BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
 ADP s Mission 
 Our mission is to power organizations with insightful Human Capital Management (HCM) solutions that meet the changing needs of our clients and their workers. 
 Data, digital technology, artificial intelligence, globalization, new business models and other significant events and disruptions continuously reshape the way people work. Our HCM technology, industry and compliance expertise and data insights deliver measurable results and peace-of-mind, and contribute to an engaged, productive workforce. Our leading technology and commitment to service excellence are at the core of our relationship with each one of our clients, whether it's a small, mid-sized or large organization operating in one or multiple countries around the world. We are always designing better ways to work through cutting-edge products, premium services and exceptional experiences that enable people to reach their full potential. 
 
 ADP's Business Pillars 
 Our business is organized around three pillars which represent our core growth areas. 
 U.S. HCM Solutions : In the United States, we provide cloud-based HCM software with supporting service and expertise that assists employers of all types and sizes in managing the entire worker spectrum and employment cycle from full-time to freelancer and from hire to retire. 
 U.S. HR Outsourcing (HRO) Solutions : In the United States, we offer comprehensive HRO solutions in which we provide complete management solutions for HR 

administration, payroll administration, talent management, employee benefits, benefits administration, employer liability management, and other HCM and employee benefits functions. 
 Global Solutions : We offer international HCM and HRO solutions, comprised of both local, in-country solutions and cloud-based multi-country solutions, to clients wherever they do business around the world. 
 ADP s Strategy 
 Our business strategy has three key priorities: 
 
 With a large and growing addressable market, we are focused on our core growth areas and further enhancing our market position by executing on our Strategy: 
 Lead with Best-in-Class HCM Technology. We design and develop world-class HCM platforms that simplify work and utilize enabling technologies like artificial intelligence and modern cloud architecture. We aim to solve the needs of our clients and their workers today by making HCM transactions effortless and compliant, while anticipating their needs of tomorrow by incorporating valuable data insights and guidance into our solutions to help them better understand their workforce and how they compare to industry peers, and position them to make better decisions. 
 Provide Unmatched Expertise and Outsourcing Solutions. Our clients look to us as a source of expertise to understand key HR trends and best practices, employment and related legislation, and to offer thoughtful strategies to utilize HCM technology to achieve their business objectives and support their workforce. Many of our clients also look to us to take on responsibility for a portion or all of their HCM workflow via one of our HRO solutions. We intend to continue to build on our deep expertise and make it readily available to our clients through a variety of channels, ranging from traditional call and chat options to self-guided and AI-powered options. We will continue to leverage our decades of experience, our significant data insights, and investments in AI and other enabling 

4 

technologies to help our clients and their workers navigate the ever-changing world of work. 
 Benefit our Clients with Our Global Scale. Our clients benefit from our unmatched global footprint and scale in the HCM industry. We will continue to build on these strengths to further improve our client experience, and to add to our global footprint to further meet our clients where they choose to do business and address their needs for a distributed and flexible workforce. We intend to build more relationships with partners, such as through the ADP Marketplace, in order to provide clients with seamless integrations and customizations that simplify their HR processes and help them meet their needs. And we will grow our sales organization and continue to invest in best-in-class sales technology to not only make the purchase experience seamless but to also empower our sellers to provide the deep expertise and insights our clients, partners and influencers require to ensure they have the right HCM solutions to help them achieve their objectives and make a meaningful impact for their employees. 
 As we continue to invest in and execute on our Strategy, we intend to continue to exceed the expectations of our clients and enable them and their people to reach their full potential. 
 Innovation at ADP 
 Innovation is in our DNA. For over 70 years, we have proven that actively listening and responding to what clients and their employees need and want keeps the world of work progressing forward. We pioneered HCM automation, HCM in the cloud, mobile HCM and a digital HCM marketplace. This spirit of innovation remains a steady guide as we continue to listen and respond to emerging needs. As the business, data and digital technology landscape continues to rapidly evolve, what work means, how and where it gets done, and how workers are paid is changing as well. 
 Leveraging the power of data, we innovate by anticipating the future of work, the future of HCM and the future of pay to help our clients transform their businesses, simplify work and empower their workers. 
 The size and breadth of ADP gives us a unique opportunity, especially in the era of data and data-driven products, to test innovative ideas, validate hypotheses and refine solutions before we bring them to the market. This happens through our client-zero program, which forges a direct connection point between our internal HR practitioners and our technologists. A key area of focus is using data and feedback from front-line practitioners to build products that improve the employee experience and make HR technology more intentional and in the moment. By innovating with a client-centric mindset, we continue to transform work. 

In today s world of work, people-data has never been more important. It gives companies the information they need to identify the depth and scope of people issues, anticipate and solve challenges, foster connections across their workforce and drive business outcomes. Sitting at the center of workforce data, we leverage the unrivaled scale, breadth, and depth of our data to provide the insights businesses need to create a better world of work. Our data is also the basis for our renowned ADP National Employment Report, which the ADP Research Institute (ADPRI) and the Stanford Digital Economy Lab recently retooled to provide a more robust, independent high-frequency view of the labor market and trajectory of economic growth in the United States. 
 The scale and scope of our client base provides us an unrivaled HCM dataset, and we are focused on converting our data advantage into our client s data advantage. We are doing this by differentiating our HCM solutions and providing our clients with insights that can help drive better decisions, and by continuing to identify and pursue new and additional data-as-a-service opportunities. We are leading this innovation effort with ADP DataCloud, our award-winning machine learning (ML) and workforce analytics platform which is the largest private repository of payroll information available. DataCloud analyzes aggregated, anonymized and timely HCM and compensation data from more than 1 million organizations across the U.S., powering solutions that provide clients with in-depth workforce and business insights that enable critical HR decisions. 
 Artificial intelligence (AI) drives many of the key features of ADP s data products. In the U.S., ADP DataCloud's Skills Graph, our proprietary data structure, is based on more than 43 million employee records, 95 million resumes and 9 million job postings across more than 20 industries and 500 geographic areas, and uses large language models to extract, align and normalize key information such as skills, job titles and levels, education and qualifications from non-structured data and infers missing skills and qualifications from context. Skills Graph powers ADP s Candidate Profile Relevancy tool to help score, assess and predict candidates who are the best fit for a job opening and is designed to minimize the introduction of bias by, among other things, focusing on the skills, education, and experience of an applicant. Skills Graph also powers our new Organizational Benchmarking Dashboard, which enables companies to decide how best to deploy their workers by comparing organizational metrics like headcount, labor costs and turnover against other similar businesses, as well as Talent Market Insights where organizations can explore jobs and locations to understand talent availability, skills, wages, turnover and time to fill. ADP s Model-Based Benchmarks, powered by Skills Graph, also extend benchmarks to include compensation for up to 160 million workers. Model-Based Benchmarks are driven by a set of deep learning models that extract 

5 

patterns and knowledge from millions of payroll records and job profiles to provide accurate information that reflects the reality of the position being researched. We offer similar tools to clients outside the United States, including through our ADP GlobalView and ADP iHCM solutions. 
 
 We are also using AI to respond to the needs of HR practitioners. ADP s data-driven Intelligent Self-Service solution uses predictive analytics and machine learning to proactively address common employee HR challenges before the need to contact their HR departments arises, freeing HR practitioners to focus on higher value initiatives. It was named a Top HR Product at the 2022 HR Technology Conference, marking the 8th consecutive year we have received this award for continued product innovation. 
 ADP s Pay Equity Storyboard combines analytics and benchmarking to help employers better understand potential pay gaps and provide them with real, up-to-date, aggregated and anonymized market data to understand how their compensation for a particular job compares to other similar employers. Insights powered by DataCloud are particularly important with respect to diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) and, as part of our commitment to DEI, we introduced the first-of-its-kind, award-winning DEI benchmark to help companies assess DEI gaps, track their progress and achieve their goals, bolstering ADP s suite of DEI offerings. It also earned acclaim in Fast Company s first-ever list of the Next Big Things in Tech, which 

highlights tech breakthroughs that promise to define the future of their industries. 
 In harnessing the power of data through ML, ADP recognizes the importance of accountability, transparency, privacy, explainability and governance, and in furtherance of those goals has established an active AI Data Ethics Committee, comprised of both industry leaders and ADP experts, which advises on emerging industry trends and concerns and provides guidance with respect to compliance with the principles that ADP should follow while developing products, systems and applications that involve AI, ML and data. 
 As we continue to explore the potential that new technologies like generative AI can provide as we design and develop innovative solutions, we understand the great responsibility we have to approach these innovations in a way that is ethical, secure, and compliant for our business and the clients and workers we serve around the world. This led to our establishment of an interdisciplinary working group across ADP to determine governance for use cases and adoption of a set of principles and processes to govern the use of these newer technologies, including operational monitoring of recommendations made by AI/ML technologies. 
 Built to be as dynamic as the world of work today, our next-gen platforms are designed for adaptability. Built from the ground up to be cloud-native, global, scalable and secure, our next-gen platforms are designed to provide our clients with the flexibility they need to address today s and tomorrow s workplace challenges, and to personalize the experience based on their needs. Built for dynamic teams, our next-gen HCM platform provides our clients with visibility into where work happens rather than into rigid organizational hierarchies and worker types. And, by deploying low-code applications, clients can easily tailor the solution to their needs. 
 Our next-gen payroll platform is a global solution that supports workers of all types and enables real-time, transparent, continuous payroll calculations. This next-gen payroll platform also unlocks flexible pay choices for our clients so they can provide the best pay experience for their workers. As the regulatory environment rapidly changes, making it harder for companies to navigate the complexities of payroll, our next-gen payroll platform s built-in compliance capabilities enable our clients to focus on managing their business. 
 Additionally, we launched the Roll by ADP mobile-first solution reimagining how small businesses do payroll. This groundbreaking payroll solution utilizes an AI-powered chat interface to turn traditional payroll management into an intuitive conversation that can complete payroll in under a minute. Leveraging ADP s long-standing payroll expertise and data security, small 

6 

business owners can download and self-purchase Roll and run payroll anywhere, anytime, quickly and compliantly, with no experience or training needed. The conversational experience runs off simple chat prompts such as Run my payroll, offering a frictionless experience that also allows clients to confidently handle compliance matters like tax filing and deposits. 
 
 Our innovative Wisely payment and financial wellness offering includes a suite of personalized banking-alternative solutions designed to give employees fast and flexible choices to access their pay and other sources of income. Wisely Pay is a network-branded paycard with a digital account, through which employees can access their pay, make purchases online and in store, deposit checks, load additional funds onto the card, and transfer funds to a bank account in the United States. Wisely also enables advanced capabilities and innovative features such as Earned Wage Access (EWA), automatic savings options, cash back rewards and bill pay that help employees take even more control of their finances. Wisely Direct, a network-branded general purpose reloadable card that comes with a digital account, provides similar features and functionality but is offered directly to consumers. Our digital card offerings are banking alternatives that afford 

financial wellness tools designed to help members realize a better financial path forward. 
 Always Designing for People isn t just a tag line innovation is also about putting our clients first by giving them and their workers a faster, smarter and easier user experience (UX) that was designed with and for them. With a modern look and feel based on our new design system, our new UX is powered by data and ML and provides intuitive workflows that are available when and where our clients and their workers need it. We are investing in UX alignment and simplification across our strategic products and solutions, with new UX releases for RUN Powered by ADP , MyADP, ADP Mobile Solutions and, most recently, ADP Workforce Now . 
 In addition, our ADP Mobile app simplifies how work gets done by enabling clients to process their payroll anywhere, and giving millions of their employees worldwide convenient access to their payroll and HR information in 32 languages. We expanded employee self-service via our app by incorporating ML-based recommendations for employees to better find information, correct missing information, and complete tasks more efficiently. 
 Reportable Segments 
 Our two reportable business segments are Employer Services and Professional Employer Organization PEO ), and are based on the way that management reviews the performance of, and makes decisions about, our business. For financial data by segment and by geographic area, see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Employer Services . Our Employer Services segment serves clients ranging from single-employee small businesses to large enterprises with tens of thousands of employees around the world, offering a comprehensive range of technology-based HCM solutions, including our strategic, cloud-based platforms, and HRO (other than PEO) solutions. These solutions address critical client needs and include: Payroll Services, Benefits Administration, Talent Management, HR Management, Workforce Management, Compliance Services, Insurance Services and Retirement Services. 
 Professional Employer Organization . Our PEO business, called ADP TotalSource , provides clients with comprehensive employment administration outsourcing solutions through a relationship in which employees who work for a client (referred to as worksite employees are co-employed by us and the client. 

7 

PRODUCTS AND SOLUTIONS 

In order to serve the unique needs of our clients and their diverse types of businesses and workforce models, we provide a range of solutions which businesses of all types and sizes and across geographies can use to recruit, pay, manage, and retain their workforce. We address these broad market needs with our cloud-based strategic platforms: RUN Powered by ADP , serving over 850,000 small businesses; ADP Workforce Now , serving over 80,000 mid-sized and large businesses across our strategic pillars; and ADP Vantage HCM and our next-gen HCM platform, serving large enterprise businesses. All of these solutions can be combined with ADP SmartCompliance to address the increasingly broad and complex needs of employers. Outside the United States, we address the needs of over 65,000 clients with premier global solutions consisting of in-country solutions and multinational offerings, including ADP GlobalView , ADP Celergo /Streamline and ADP iHCM. 
 Strategic Cloud-based Products and Solutions Across Client Size and Geography 

HCM Solutions 
 Integrated HCM Solutions. Our premier suite of HCM products offers complete solutions that assist employers of all types and sizes in all stages of the employment cycle, from recruitment to retirement. 
 Our suite of HCM solutions are powered by our strategic, cloud-based, award-winning platforms, including: 
 RUN Powered by ADP combines a software platform for small business payroll, HR management and tax compliance administration, with 24/7 service and support from our team of small business experts. RUN Powered by ADP also integrates with other ADP solutions, such as workforce management, workers compensation insurance premium payment plans, and retirement plan administration systems. 

ADP Workforce Now is a flexible HCM solution used across mid-sized and large businesses in North America to manage their employees. More businesses use ADP Workforce Now in North America than any other HCM solution designed for both mid-sized and large businesses. 
 ADP Vantage HCM is a solution for large enterprises in the United States. It offers a comprehensive set of HCM capabilities within a single solution that unifies the five major areas of HCM: HR management, benefits administration, payroll services, time and attendance management, and talent management. 
 Payroll Services . We pay over 25 million (approximately 1 out of every 6) workers in the United States. We offer flexible payroll services to employers of all sizes, including the preparation of employee paychecks, pay statements, supporting journals, summaries, and management reports. 

8 

We provide employers with a wide range of payroll options, including using mobile technology, connecting their major enterprise resource planning ERP applications with ADP s payroll services or outsourcing their entire payroll process to us. Employers can choose a variety of payroll payment options including ADP s electronic wage payment and, in the United States, payroll card solutions and digital accounts. On behalf of our clients in the United States, we prepare and file federal, state and local payroll tax returns, and quarterly and annual Social Security, Medicare, and federal, state and local income tax withholding reports. 
 
 Benefits Administration. In the United States, we provide powerful and agile solutions for employee benefits administration. These options include health and welfare administration services, leave administration services, insurance carrier enrollment services, employee communication services, and dependent verification services. In addition, ADP benefits administration solutions offer employers a simple and flexible cloud-based eligibility and enrollment system that provides their employees with tools, communications, and other resources they need to understand their benefits options and make informed choices. 
 Talent Management. ADP s Talent Management solutions simplify and improve the talent acquisition, management and activation process, from recruitment to ongoing employee engagement and development. Employers can also outsource their internal recruitment function to ADP. Our solutions provide performance, learning, succession and compensation management tools that help employers align goals to outcomes, and enable managers to identify and mitigate potential retention risks. Our talent activation solutions include StandOut powered by ADP, which provides team leaders with data and insights to drive employee engagement and leadership development, which in turn help drive employee performance. 
 Workforce Management. ADP s Workforce Management offers a range of solutions to over 120,000 employers of all sizes, including time and attendance, absence management 

and scheduling tools. Time and attendance solutions include time capture via online timesheets, timeclocks with badge readers, biometrics and touch-screens, telephone/interactive voice response, and mobile smartphones and tablets. These tools automate the calculation and reporting of hours worked, helping employers prepare payroll, control costs and overtime, and manage compliance with wage and hour regulations. Absence management tools include accrued time off, attendance policy and leave case management modules. Our employee scheduling tools simplify visibility, offer shift-swapping capabilities and can assist managers with optimizing schedules to boost productivity and minimize under- and over-staffing. We also offer data analytics and reporting tools that provide clients with insights, benchmarks and performance metrics so they can better manage their workforce. In addition, industry-specific modules are available for labor forecasting, budgeting, activity and task management, grant and project tracking, and tips management. 
 Compliance Solutions. ADP s Compliance Solutions provides industry-leading expertise in payment compliance and employment-related tax matters that complement the payroll, HR and ERP systems of our clients. In our fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, in the United States, we processed and delivered more than 79 million employee year-end tax statements and moved more than 3.1 trillion in client funds to taxing and other agencies, our clients employees and other payees. 
 
 ADP SmartCompliance. In the United States, ADP SmartCompliance integrates client data delivered from our integrated HCM platforms or third-party payroll, HR and financial systems into a single, cloud-based solution. Our specialized teams use the data to work with clients to help them manage changing and complex regulatory landscapes and improve business processes. ADP SmartCompliance includes HCM-related compliance solutions such as Employment Tax and Wage Payments, as well as Tax Credits, Health Compliance, Wage Garnishments, Employment Verifications, Unemployment Claims and W-2 Management. 
 ADP SmartCompliance Employment Tax. As part of our full-service employment tax services in the United States, we prepare and file employment tax returns on our clients behalf and, in connection with these stand-alone services, collect employment taxes from clients and remit these taxes to more than 8,000 federal, state and local tax agencies. 

9 

ADP SmartCompliance Wage Payments. In the United States, we offer compliant pay solutions for today's workforce, including electronic payroll disbursement options such as payroll cards, digital accounts and direct deposit, as well as traditional payroll checks, which can be integrated with clients ERP and payroll systems. 
 Human Resources Management. Commonly referred to as Human Resource Information Systems, ADP s Human Resources Management Solutions provide employers with a single system of record to support the entry, validation, maintenance, and reporting of data required for effective HR management, including employee names, addresses, job types, salary grades, employment history, and educational background. 
 Insurance Services. ADP s Insurance Services business, in conjunction with our licensed insurance agency, Automatic Data Processing Insurance Agency, Inc., facilitates access in the United States to workers compensation and group health insurance for small and mid-sized clients through a variety of insurance carriers. 

Our automated Pay-by-Pay premium payment program calculates and collects workers compensation premium payments each pay period, simplifying this task for employers. 
 Retirement Services. ADP Retirement Services helps employers in the United States administer various types of retirement plans, such as traditional and Roth 401(k)s, profit sharing (including new comparability), SIMPLE and SEP IRAs, and executive deferred compensation plans. ADP Retirement Services offers a full service 401(k) plan program which provides recordkeeping and administrative services, combined with an investment platform offered through ADP Broker-Dealer, Inc. that gives our clients employees access to a wide range of non-proprietary investment options and online tools to monitor the performance of their investments. In addition, ADP Retirement Services offers investment management services to retirement plans through ADP Strategic Plan Services, LLC, an SEC registered investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. ADP Retirement Services also offers trustee services through a third party. 

HRO Solutions 
 As a leader in the growing HR Outsourcing market, we partner with our clients to offer a full range of seamless technology and service solutions for HR administration, workforce management, payroll services, benefits administration and talent management. From small businesses to enterprises with thousands of employees, our clients gain proven technology and processes and robust service and support. Whether a client chooses our PEO or other HR Outsourcing solutions, we offer solutions tailored to a client s specific needs and preferences designed to meet the client s needs today, and as its business and needs evolve. 
 
 Professional Employer Organization. ADP TotalSource is enabled by ADP Workforce Now and offers small and mid-sized businesses a comprehensive HR outsourcing solution through a co-employment model. With a PEO, both ADP and the client have a co-employment relationship with the client s employees. We assume certain employer responsibilities such as payroll processing and tax filings, and the client maintains control of its business and all management responsibilities. ADP TotalSource clients are able to offer their employees services and benefits on par with those of much larger enterprises, without the need to staff a full HR department. With our cloud-based HCM software at the core, we serve more than 16,000 clients and 

10 

more than 725,000 worksite employees in all 50 U.S. states. ADP TotalSource is the largest PEO certified by the Internal Revenue Service as meeting the requirements to operate as a Certified Professional Employer Organization under the Internal Revenue Code. As a full-service PEO, ADP TotalSource provides a broad range of HR administrative services, including payroll and payroll tax, employer compliance, HR guidance, employee benefits and benefit administration, talent strategies, and workers compensation insurance including risk and claims management. Some of the rich offerings available through ADP TotalSource to address today s workplace challenges include: 
 Better Employee Benefits: Through our PEO, many of our clients discover that they can offer a richer overall benefits package than they could afford to offer on their own. We give clients access to a patented approach to help them target the best benefit plan offerings for their employees. They can compare plan options and make more educated decisions about what plan offering is best for their company and budget. In addition, ADP TotalSource integrates with our award-winning ADP Marketplace to further tailor offerings, such as helping employees pay off student loans with payroll contributions and integrating a client s U.S. PEO population with its global workforce s HR system of record. 
 Protection and Compliance: ADP TotalSource HR experts help clients manage the risks of being an employer by advising how to handle properly a range of issues from HR and safety compliance to employee-relations. This includes access to workers' compensation coverage and expertise designed to help them handle both routine and unexpected incidents, including discrimination and harassment claims. 
 Talent Engagement: Featuring a talent blueprint, ADP TotalSource HR experts work with clients to help them better engage and retain their workforce through solutions that support the core needs of an employee at work. In addition, our full-service recruitment team is dedicated to helping our clients find and hire new talent, while reducing the stress of uncovering top talent. 
 Expertise: Each client is assigned a designated HR specialist for day-to-day and strategic guidance. Clients can also access data-driven benchmarks in areas such as turnover and overtime, staffing and understanding profit leaks, and have their ADP HR expert help tailor recommendations to continue to drive their business forward. A payroll specialist is also available to clients to help them ensure their workers are paid correctly, on time and in compliance. 
 ADP Comprehensive Services. Leveraging our market-leading ADP Workforce Now platform, ADP Comprehensive Services partners with clients of all types 

and sizes to tackle their HR, talent, benefits administration and pay challenges with help from our proven expertise, deep experience and best practices. ADP Comprehensive Services is flexible enabling clients to partner with us for managed services for one, some or all areas across HR, talent, benefits administration and pay. We provide outsourced execution that combines processes, technology and a robust service and support team that acts as an extension of our client s in-house resources so their HCM and pay operations are executed with confidence. 
 ADP Comprehensive Outsourcing Services (ADP COS). ADP COS is designed for large business outsourcing for payroll, HR administration, workforce management, benefits administration and talent management. With ADP COS, the day-to-day payroll process becomes our responsibility, freeing up clients to address critical issues like employee engagement and retention. The combination of technology, deep expertise and data-driven insights that ADP COS offers is powerful, allowing clients to focus on strategy and results. 
 ADP Recruitment Process Outsourcing Services (ADP RPO ). ADP RPO provides deep talent insights to help drive targeted recruitment strategies for attracting top talent. With global, customizable recruitment services, ADP RPO enables organizations to find and hire the best candidates for hourly, professional or executive positions. In addition, we also deliver market analytics, sourcing strategies, candidate screening, selection and on-boarding solutions to help organizations connect their talent strategy to their business's priorities. 
 
 Global Solutions 
 Our premier global solutions consist of multi-country and local in-country solutions for employers of any type or size. We partner with clients to help them navigate the most complex HR and payroll scenarios using tailored and scalable technology supported by our deep compliance expertise. 
 ADP Global Payroll is a solution for multinational organizations of all sizes, empowering them to harmonize 

11 

HCM strategies in 140 countries globally. This improves visibility, control and operational efficiency, giving organizations the insight and confidence to adapt to changing local needs, while helping to drive overall organizational agility and engagement. 
 We also offer comprehensive, country-specific HCM solutions that combine innovative technology with deep local expertise. By operating a flexible service model, we help clients manage various combinations of payroll services, HR management, time and attendance management, talent management and benefits management, depending on the country in which the solution is provided. 
 We pay over 15 million workers outside the United States with our in-country solutions and with ADP GlobalView, ADP Celergo/Streamline and ADP iHCM our simplified and intuitive multi-country solutions. As part of our global payroll services, we supply year-end regulatory and legislative tax statements and other forms to our clients employees. Our global talent management solutions elevate the employee experience, from recruitment to ongoing employee engagement and development. Our comprehensive HR solutions combined with our deep expertise make our clients global HR management strategies a reality. Our configurable, automated time and attendance tools help global clients understand the work being performed and the resources being used, and help ensure the right people are in the right place at the right time. 
 MARKETS AND SALES 
 Our HCM solutions are offered in 140 countries and territories across North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia and Africa. The most material markets for HCM Solutions, Global Solutions and HRO Solutions (other than PEO) are the United States, Canada and Europe. In each market, we have both country-specific solutions and multi-country solutions, for employers of all sizes and complexities. The major components of our offerings throughout these geographies are payroll, HR outsourcing and time and attendance management. In addition, we offer wage and tax collection and/or remittance services in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, India and China. Our PEO business offers services exclusively in the United States. 
 We market our solutions primarily through our direct sales force. We also market HCM Solutions, Global Solutions and HRO Solutions through indirect sales channels, such as marketing relationships with certified public accountants and banks, among others. None of our major business units has a single homogeneous client base or market. While concentrations of clients exist in specific industries, no one client, industry or industry group is material to our overall revenues. We are a leader in each of our major service 

offerings and do not believe any of our major services or business units is subject to unique market risk. 
 
 COMPETITION 
 The industries in which we operate are highly competitive. We know of no reliable statistics by which we can determine the number of our competitors, but we believe that we are one of the largest providers of HCM solutions in the world. HCM Solutions, Global Solutions and HRO Solutions (other than PEO) compete with other business outsourcing companies, companies providing ERP services, providers of cloud-based HCM solutions and financial institutions. Our PEO business competes with other PEOs providing similar services, as well as business outsourcing companies, companies providing ERP services and providers of cloud-based HCM solutions. Other competitive factors include a company s in-house function, whereby a company installs and operates its own HCM system. 
 Competition for business outsourcing solutions is primarily based on product and service quality, reputation, ease of use and accessibility of technology, breadth of offerings, and price. We believe that we are competitive in each of these areas and that our leading-edge technology (together with our data) and commitment to service excellence, distinguishes us from our competitors. 
 INDUSTRY REGULATION 
 Our business is subject to a wide range of complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations. In addition, many of our solutions are designed to assist clients with their compliance with certain U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to them. We have, and continue to enhance, compliance programs and policies to monitor and address the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to our operations and client solutions, including dedicated compliance personnel and training programs. 
 As one of the world s largest providers of HCM solutions, our systems contain a significant amount of sensitive data 

12 

related to clients, employees of our clients, vendors and our employees. We are, therefore, subject to compliance obligations under federal, state and foreign privacy, data protection, artificial intelligence (AI) and cybersecurity-related laws, including federal, state and foreign security breach notification laws with respect to both client employee data and our own employee data. The changing nature of these comprehensive laws in the United States, Europe and elsewhere, including the European Union s (the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the CPRA ), impact our processing of personal information of our employees and on behalf of our clients. The GDPR imposes strict and comprehensive requirements on us as both a data controller and a data processor. As part of our overall data protection compliance program, including with respect to data protection laws in the EU, we are one of the few companies in the world to have implemented Binding Corporate Rules BCRs ). Compliance with our BCRs permits us to process and transfer personal data across borders in accordance with the GDPR and other data protection laws in the EU. The CPRA requires companies to provide data disclosure, access, deletion and opt-out rights to consumers in California. In the area of artificial intelligence, some states and localities in the U.S. have proposed or already enacted legislation and proposals are pending in the European Union and elsewhere that would impose obligations on how we develop and market AI-based products and solutions. Additionally, self-regulatory frameworks like the National Institute of Standards and Technology AI Risk Management Framework are being promulgated and adherence to these may become an industry standard or client expectation. In the United States, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 applies to our insurance services businesses and ADP TotalSource. 
 As part of our payroll and payroll tax management services, we move client funds to taxing authorities, our clients employees and other payees via electronic transfer, direct deposit, prepaid access and ADPCheck. In 2019, the Office of the Comptroller of Currency (the OCC authorized us to open ADP Trust Company, National Association (the ADP Trust Bank ), via a national trust bank charter pursuant to the National Bank Act. The ADP Trust Bank is the sole trustee of ADP Client Trust, our grantor trust which holds U.S. client funds, and is responsible for the oversight and management of those client funds. The ADP Trust Bank, and all of its fiduciary activities including the U.S. money movement it oversees and manages via ADP Client Trust, is subject to comprehensive ongoing oversight and regulation by the OCC. In addition, our U.S. money movement managed by the ADP Trust Bank and our U.S. prepaid access offering are subject to the anti-money laundering and reporting provisions of The Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the BSA ). Elements 

of our money movement activities outside of the United States are subject to licensing and similar anti-money laundering and reporting laws and requirements in certain countries in which we provide such services. Our employee background screening services business offers background checking services that are subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act. ADP TotalSource is subject to various state licensing requirements and, as a Certified PEO, maintains certifications with the Internal Revenue Service. Because ADP TotalSource is a co-employer with respect to its clients worksite employees, we may be subject to certain obligations and responsibilities of an employer under federal and state tax, insurance and employment laws, including worksite employee payroll obligations and with respect to claimed employee retention and other tax credits. ADP Strategic Plan Services, LLC, our registered investment adviser, provides certain investment management and advisory services to retirement plan administrators under a heightened fiduciary standard and is regulated by the SEC and the U.S. Department of Labor. ADP Broker-Dealer, Inc., which supports our Retirement Services business, is a registered broker-dealer regulated by the SEC and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA). 
 Our current and future offerings in the payments and/or consumer space may also subject us to additional laws and regulations, which could also require corresponding compliance programs and policies and dedicated resources. 
 
 In addition, many of our businesses offer solutions that assist our clients in complying with certain U.S. and foreign laws and regulations that apply to them. Although these laws and regulations apply to our clients and not to ADP, changes in such laws or regulations may affect our operations, products and services. For example, our payroll services are designed to facilitate compliance with state laws and regulations applicable to the payment of wages. In addition, our HCM solutions help clients manage their compliance with certain requirements of the Affordable Care Act in the United States. Similarly, our Tax Credit Services business, which helps clients in the United States take advantage of tax credit opportunities in connection with the hiring of new employees and certain other activities, is based on federal, state or local tax laws and regulations allowing for tax credits, which are subject to renewal, amendment or rescission. 
 We believe that key components of our compliance programs provide real competitive differentiators. For instance, our BCRs have enabled ADP to apply a global standard of data protection, simplifying data transfer processes and assisting our clients in meeting the demanding standards of data protection expected in Europe a solution that most competitors cannot provide. Similarly, the ADP Client Trust and ADP Trust Bank provide client funds with a level of protection that most competitors cannot offer. We continue to expand our 

13 

approach to compliance and are adopting Compliance by design as a tenet that prioritizes compliance in designing and developing new solutions to support our clients. 
 The foregoing description does not include an exhaustive list of the laws and regulations governing or impacting our business. See the discussion contained in the Risk Factors section in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information regarding changes in laws and regulations that could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition or have other adverse consequences. 
 CLIENTS AND CLIENT CONTRACTS 
 We provide services to more than 1 million clients. In fiscal 2023, no single client or group of affiliated clients accounted for revenues in excess of 2 of our annual consolidated revenues. 
 We are continuously in the process of performing implementation services for new clients. Depending on the service agreement and/or the size of the client, the installation or conversion period for new clients can vary from a short period of time for a small Employer Services client (as little as 24 hours) to a longer period for a large Employer Services client with multiple deliverables (generally six to nine months). In some cases, based on a client's timeline, the period may exceed two years for a large, multi-country GlobalView client or other large, multi-phase implementation. Although we monitor sales that have not yet been installed, we do not view this metric as material to an understanding of our overall business in light of the recurring nature of our business. This metric is not a reported number, but it is used by management as a planning tool to allocate resources needed to install services, and as a means of assessing our performance against the expectations of our clients. In addition, some of our products and services are sold under longer-term contracts with initial terms ranging from two to seven years. However, this anticipated future revenue under contract is not a significant portion of our expected future revenue, is not a meaningful indicator of our future performance and is not material to management's estimate of our future revenue. 
 Our business is typically characterized by long-term client relationships that result in recurring revenue. Our services are provided under written price quotations or service agreements having varying terms and conditions. No one price quotation or service agreement is material to us. Based on our retention levels in fiscal 2023, our client retention is estimated at approximately 13 years in Employer Services, and approximately 6 years in PEO. 

PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT 
 We continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our solutions and services. In general, new solutions and services supplement rather than replace our existing solutions and services and, given our recurring revenue model, do not have a material and immediate effect on our revenues. We believe that our strategic solutions and services have significant remaining life cycles. 
 SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT AND PROGRAMMING 
 During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021, we invested approximately 1.195 billion, 1.210 billion and 1.016 billion, respectively, in systems development and programming. These investments include expenses for activities such as the development of new products, maintenance expenses associated with our existing technologies, purchases of new software and software licenses, and additions to software resulting from business combinations. 
 LICENSES 
 We are the licensee under a number of agreements for computer programs and databases. Our business is not dependent upon a single license or group of licenses. Third-party licenses, patents, trademarks, and franchises are not material to our business as a whole. 
 
 OUR HCM STRATEGY 
 Our Human Capital Management (HCM) strategy is simple, our people are one of our most valuable assets and we are committed to valuing, developing and engaging them. 
 Our Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO), together with our Executive Leadership Team, manages our HCM strategy and related programs and initiatives, as well as our talent strategy. Our CHRO, along with our CEO, as 

14 

appropriate, regularly updates and supports our Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board CMDC as well as the Board of Directors on HCM matters, including culture, engagement, and diversity, equity, inclusion and belonging. The CMDC is responsible for these matters, as well as our executive compensation program, management succession planning and talent development, and company-wide equity-based plans. 
 Our Associates and Demographics 
 As of June 30, 2023 , our global team of associates consisted of approximately 63,000 persons. We track certain gender and racial demographics of our workforce and share them in our annual Global Corporate Social Responsibility CSR Report, which is available on our website. Nothing in our CSR Report shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our Culture and Values 
 More than 70 years ago, our founders established the values that guide us today. 
 
 These values have helped shape our one-of-a-kind culture, which embraces diversity, equity, inclusiveness and belonging. 
 Our long-term business success is closely linked to our commitment to creating an environment in which our associates thrive, and that means we have to listen to and engage our associates. We conduct an annual culture survey, myVoice, where our associates can share their opinions on important topics, including client service, diversity, social responsibility, ethics, innovation and leadership. Along with many of our world-class clients, we leverage our innovative StandOut powered by ADP platform, to drive talent engagement, performance management and activation. We issue quarterly global 

StandOut Engagement Pulse and Performance Pulse surveys to ensure that all associates can share with their leaders how they feel about their work and their colleagues, and for us to get a snapshot of engagement across the globe. 
 The strength of our ADP team comes from what each one of us offers each other, our clients and our community. Through our myMoment Recognition Program, we give our associates the opportunity to recognize and celebrate each other when they demonstrate our values, drive our goals and go above and beyond in contributing to our collective success. Our global ADP Cares program, which is funded by the Company, the ADP Foundation and our generous associates, helps members of our team get through difficult, unforeseen events such as natural disasters and major illnesses. We also proudly support our associates that give back to our communities through paid volunteer time off and our donation matching program. 
 Diversity, equity and inclusion are a cornerstone of our one-of-a-kind culture. We value diverse perspectives and believe that our associates and their best ideas thrive in a diverse and inclusive environment. We strive to reflect the diversity of the communities and clients we serve and are firmly focused on ensuring that all our associates are welcomed and enjoy a deep sense of belonging. 
 We have a number of initiatives to strengthen and further cultivate our inclusive and diverse culture, starting with our Talent Task Force for all of our people leaders, which includes diversity goals for our senior leaders that are tied to their compensation as an incentive to diversify our leadership ranks. Our Workforce Diversity Initiative uses data analysis to identify and focus on opportunities to increase the number of underrepresented associates in our workforce to better reflect the communities we serve. Our voluntary business resource groups (BRGs), which cover a broad array of diverse associates that share common interests and experiences, make us stronger by promoting diversity and cultural awareness, accelerating associate engagement, retention and career development, helping build relationships with diverse markets in our communities, and promoting the conservation and restoration of natural resources. 
 We have undertaken and implemented several initiatives that underpin our culture, values and talent practices, including: 
 Continuing to eliminate a college degree requirement to expand the applicant pool for non-specialized roles, such as those in our sales, service and implementation and technology organizations; 
 Launching ADP s Impact Council, activating top executives to align their business unit practices and 

15 

outcomes with our diversity, equity and inclusion strategy; and 
 Establishing partnerships with the National Black MBA Association, the United Negro College Fund, Prospanica, the Anita Borg Institute for Women and Technology and Disability:IN to further diversify our talent pipeline and educate and develop their members. 
 In addition, we are deeply committed to fair and equitable pay, which is critical to creating a diverse, inclusive and engaging culture. We make pay decisions based on skills, job-related experience, the market value of the job and performance, and in the U.S. and Canada do not ask candidates for prior pay history, whether or not we are required to do so. 
 Our commitment to building a better world of work and creating a workplace where everyone can thrive has led to recognition across the globe, including Fortune s World s Most Admired Companies (17 consecutive years); Best Place to Work for LGBTQ+ Equality (13 consecutive perfect scores on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation s Corporate Equality Index); DiversityInc Top 50 Companies for Diversity; Seramount s Best Companies. for Multicultural Women; Barron s 100 Most Sustainable Companies; and Newsweek s America s Most Responsible Companies. 
 Our Talent Strategy 
 Our talent strategy is simple we aim to attract, develop and retain ambitious, passionate and overall top talent by offering a place where our people can grow their careers, challenge themselves, share generously, take risks, and create positive change. This has allowed us to be consistently recognized by esteemed organizations as an employer of choice year after year. 
 
 We invest in our team members so that they have the skills necessary to succeed and grow their careers. The ADP talent journey begins with an innovative, engaging and comprehensive onboarding process followed by extensive 

training and mentorship. Thereafter, our associates can access a wide range of professional and functional skills training to further continue and enhance performance and career development. Our professional skills program provides on-demand and self-paced learning paths on key topics such as business acumen, client service, time management, teamwork and collaboration, communication and career management. Our leadership program is designed to help leaders build self-awareness, cultivate strong internal relationships, establish a leadership model that is unique to their strengths and achieve better decision-making using systems thinking. 
 Our Benefits and Health and Wellness Programs 
 The wide range of benefits and health and wellness programs we offer contribute to an environment where all our associates add to our success. Our associates receive a competitive benefits package, intended to help them enjoy physical, emotional and financial well-being and be productive members of their teams. While exact benefits vary by associate and region, they typically include health care coverage, a 401(k) plan with company matching contributions for U.S. associates, life insurance, paid time off and tuition reimbursement. We particularly emphasize benefits that support individual and family needs (parental leave, adoption/fertility benefits and caregiver support), and constantly update our programs according to our associates needs. 
 We offer physical and mental wellness programs that help our team pursue a healthy lifestyle and reduce absenteeism and lost time due to injuries. Our efforts include a company-wide health and safety manual and website, safety education and training, and a wellness program that rewards associates for completing wellness activities. Physical and mental health initiatives vary across regions, but can include personal health checks, nutrition and fitness expert visits offering free consultation and programs, employee mental wellness assistance programs, free counseling and mental health therapy assistance for associates, and mindfulness classes. 
 Available Information 
 Our corporate website, www.adp.com , provides materials for investors and information about our solutions and services. ADP s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, all amendments to those reports, and the Proxy Statements for our Annual Meetings of Stockholders are made available, free of charge, on our corporate website as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports have been filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and are also available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . The content on any website referenced in this filing is not incorporated by reference into this filing unless expressly noted otherwise. 

16 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. The risk factors described below represent our current view of some of the most important risks facing our businesses and are important to understanding our business. The following information should be read in conjunction with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and the consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion includes a number of forward-looking statements. You should refer to the description of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements in the first paragraph under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See "Item 1. Business Competition" of this Form 10-K for a discussion of the competitive environment in the markets in which we operate. Many risks affect more than one category, and the risks are not in order of significance or probability of occurrence because they have been grouped by categories. The risks described below are not the only risks we face and the occurrence of any of the following risks or other risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or reputation. 
 
 LEGAL AND COMPLIANCE RISKS 
 Failure to comply with, compliance with or changes in, laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences 
 Our business is subject to a wide range of complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the laws and regulations described in the Industry Regulation section in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our operations or client solutions and services could cause us to incur substantial costs or could result in the suspension or revocation of licenses or registrations, the limitation, suspension or termination of services, the imposition of consent orders or civil and criminal penalties, including fines, and lawsuits, including class actions, that could damage our reputation and have a materially adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. 
 In addition, changes in laws or regulations, or changes in the interpretation of laws or regulations by a regulatory authority, may decrease our revenues and earnings and may require us to change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our business. For example, a change in regulations either decreasing the amount of taxes to be 

withheld or allowing less time to remit taxes to government authorities would adversely impact average client balances and, thereby, adversely impact interest income from investing client funds before such funds are remitted to the applicable taxing authorities. Changes in U.S. or foreign tax laws, regulations or rulings or the interpretation thereof could adversely affect our effective tax rate and our net income. Changes in laws, or interpretations thereof, that govern the co-employment arrangement between a professional employer organization and its worksite employees may require us to change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our PEO business. In addition, changes in the manner in which health and welfare plans sponsored by PEOs or the TotalSource Health and Welfare Plan, in particular, are regulated could adversely impact the demand for our PEO offering. 
 
 Because our PEO is a co-employer with our PEO clients and a Certified PEO by the Internal Revenue Service, we may be subject to certain obligations, responsibilities and liabilities of an employer with respect to Worksite Employees (WSE), including with respect to their wages and the payment thereof, the payment of certain taxes with respect to WSE wages and employee benefits provided to the WSEs. Even though PEO clients are contractually responsible for the timely remittance of such costs, it is possible that our clients will not remit such payments despite their contractual obligations. The risk of failing to receive such payments from PEO clients could be magnified during significant financial or other disruptions or catastrophic events, such as the failure of a bank, like that of Signature Bank or Silicon Valley Bank, with whom a significant number of PEO clients may bank at the time, or more widespread stress or failure within the U.S. banking system. Any such event could prevent or materially delay the recovery of any payments not timely remitted and could have an adverse impact on our financial results and liquidity. 
 
 Our Wisely offerings and potentially other future offerings in the payments and/or consumer space may subject us to additional laws and regulations, some of which may not be uniform and may require us to modify or restrict our offerings and decrease our potential revenue and earnings. 
 Failure to comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations, economic and trade sanctions, anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and similar laws could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences 
 Regulators worldwide continue to exercise a high level of scrutiny with respect to anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions, and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. Such scrutiny has resulted in aggressive investigations and enforcement of such laws and burdensome regulations, any of which could materially adversely impact our business. We operate our business around the world, including in numerous developing economies where companies and government officials are more likely to engage in business practices that are 

17 

prohibited by domestic and foreign laws and regulations, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010. Such laws generally prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign government officials and leaders of political parties and, in some cases, to other persons, for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We are also subject to economic and trade sanctions programs, including those administered by the U.S. Treasury Department s Office of Foreign Assets Control, which prohibit or restrict transactions or dealings with specified countries, their governments and, in certain circumstances, their nationals, and with individuals and entities that are specially designated, including narcotics traffickers and terrorists or terrorist organizations, among others. In addition, some of our businesses and entities in the U.S. and a number of other countries in which we operate are subject to anti-money laundering laws and regulations, including, for example, The Bank Secrecy Act of 1970, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the BSA ). Among other things, the BSA requires certain financial institutions, including banks and money services businesses (such as national trust banks and providers of prepaid access like us), to develop and implement risk-based anti-money laundering programs, report large cash transactions and suspicious activity, and maintain transaction records. We have registered our payroll card business as a provider of prepaid access, and registered our ADP Trust Bank with the Treasury Department s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN). 
 We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and we regularly review, upgrade and enhance our policies and procedures. However, there can be no assurance that our employees, consultants or agents will not take actions in violation of our policies for which we may be ultimately responsible, or that our policies and procedures will be adequate or will be determined to be adequate by regulators. Any violations of applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions or anti-money laundering laws or regulations could limit certain of our business activities until they are satisfactorily remediated and could result in civil and criminal penalties, including fines, which could damage our reputation and have a materially adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. Further, bank regulators continue to impose additional and stricter requirements on banks to ensure they are meeting their BSA obligations, and banks are increasingly viewing money services businesses and third-party senders to be higher risk customers for money laundering. As a result, our banking partners that assist in processing our money movement transactions may limit the scope of services they provide to us or may impose additional material requirements on us. These regulatory restrictions on banks and changes to banks internal risk-based policies and procedures may result in a decrease in 

the number of banks that may do business with us, may require us to materially change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our business, may decrease our revenues and earnings and could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 Failure to comply with privacy, data protection, artificial intelligence and cyber security laws and regulations could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences 
 The collection, storage, hosting, transfer, processing, disclosure, use, security and retention and destruction of personal information required to provide our services is subject to federal, state and foreign privacy, data protection and cyber security laws. These laws, which are not uniform, generally do one or more of the following: regulate the collection, storage, hosting, transfer (including in some cases, the transfer outside the country of collection), processing, disclosure, use, security and retention and destruction of personal information; require notice to individuals of privacy practices; give individuals certain access and correction rights with respect to their personal information; and regulate the use or disclosure of personal information for secondary purposes such as marketing. Under certain circumstances, some of these laws require us to provide notification to affected individuals, clients, data protection authorities and/or other regulators in the event of a data breach. In many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information among the Company and its subsidiaries. The European Union (the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), and state consumer privacy laws like the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the CPRA ), are among the most comprehensive of these laws, and more and more jurisdictions are adopting similarly comprehensive laws that impose new data privacy protection requirements and restrictions. As part of our overall data protection compliance program in connection with the GDPR, we implemented Binding Corporate Rules BCRs as both a data processor and data controller, which permits us to process and transfer personal data across borders in compliance with EU data protection laws. 
 We believe that providing insights and content from data, including via artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML), will become increasingly important to the value that our solutions and services deliver to our clients. We are increasingly leveraging AI and ML in our solutions and service delivery and are exploring how best to integrate generative AI technologies and develop and deploy capabilities that are beneficial to our clients and their employees. However, legislation that would govern the development and/or use of AI is under consideration in the U.S. at the state and local level, as well as abroad. In addition , self-regulatory frameworks like the National 

18 

Institute of Standards and Technology AI Risk Management Framework are being promulgated and adherence to these may become an industry standard or a client expectation. As a result, the ability to provide data-driven insights and otherwise leverage AI and ML may be constrained by current or future laws, regulatory or self-regulatory requirements or ethical considerations, including our own published, guiding ethical principles regarding AI and ML, that could restrict or impose burdensome and costly requirements on our ability to leverage data and/or these technologies in innovative ways. 
 Complying with privacy, data protection, AI and cyber security laws and requirements, including the enhanced obligations imposed by the GDPR, our BCRs and the CPRA, may result in significant costs to our business and require us to amend certain of our business practices. Further, enforcement actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations continue to increase. The future enactment of more restrictive laws, rules or regulations and/or future enforcement actions or investigations could have a materially adverse impact on us through increased costs or restrictions on our businesses and noncompliance could result in significant regulatory penalties and legal liability and damage our reputation. In addition, data security events, concerns about privacy abuses by other companies and increased awareness of the potential (positive and negative) of AI are changing consumer and social expectations for enhanced protections (including with respect to bias and potential discrimination). As a result, noncompliance, the failure to meet such expectations or the perception of noncompliance or such failure, whether or not valid, may damage our reputation. 
 If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights, it could materially adversely affect our business and our brand 
 Our ability to compete and our success depend, in part, upon our intellectual property. We rely on patent, copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, and confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, clients, vendors, partners and others to protect our intellectual property rights. We may need to devote significant resources, including cybersecurity resources, to monitoring our intellectual property rights. In addition, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights may be inadequate or ineffective, or may not provide us with a significant competitive advantage. Our intellectual property could be wrongfully acquired as a result of a cyber-attack or other wrongful conduct by third parties or our personnel. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly and time-consuming. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights, which 

may be successful. In addition, use of AI tools may result in the release of confidential or proprietary information which could limit our ability to protect, or prevent us from protecting, our intellectual property rights. 
 We may be sued by third parties for infringement of their proprietary rights, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations 
 There is considerable intellectual property development activity in our industry. Third parties, including our competitors, may own or claim to own intellectual property relating to our products or services and may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property rights. Additionally, as we expand our use of AI, there is uncertainty regarding intellectual property ownership and license rights of AI algorithms and content generated by AI and we may become subject to similar claims of infringement. We may be found to be infringing upon third party intellectual property rights, even if we are unaware of their intellectual property rights. Any claims or litigation could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us or if we decide to settle, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, obtain licenses, modify applications, prevent us from offering our services, or require that we comply with other unfavorable terms. We may also be obligated to indemnify our clients, vendors or partners in connection with any such claim or litigation. Even if we were to prevail in such a dispute, any litigation could be costly and time-consuming. 
 SECURITY AND TECHNOLOGY RISKS 
 Our businesses collect, host, store, transfer, process, disclose, use, secure and retain and dispose of personal and business information, and collect, hold and transmit client funds, and a security or privacy breach may damage or disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, increase our costs, cause losses and materially adversely affect our results of operations 
 In connection with our business, we collect, host, store, transfer, process, disclose, use, secure and retain and dispose of large amounts of personal and business information about our clients, employees of our clients, our vendors and our employees, contractors and temporary staff, including payroll information, health care information, personal and business financial data, social security numbers and their foreign equivalents, bank account numbers, tax information and other sensitive personal and business information. We also collect significant amounts of funds from the accounts of our clients and transmit them to their employees, taxing authorities and other third parties. 

19 

We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information and client funds, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Nonetheless, the global environment continues to grow increasingly hostile as attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity and sophistication, and we are regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics, code and viruses. Certain of these malicious parties may be state-sponsored and/or supported by significant financial and technological resources. Although this is a global problem, it may affect our businesses more than other businesses because malevolent parties (including our personnel) may focus on the amount and type of personal and business information that our businesses collect, host, store, transfer, process, disclose, use, secure and retain and dispose of, and the client funds that we collect and transmit. 
 We have programs and processes in place to prevent, detect and respond to data or cybersecurity incidents. However, as a result of the complexity of our operating environment, the period over which hardware and software has been acquired or other reasons, our programs and processes may not be sufficient or adequate or may fail to prevent, detect or respond to a cybersecurity incident or identify and/or remediate a security vulnerability in our operating environment. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, are increasingly more complex and sophisticated (including due to the use of AI). We may fail to anticipate or detect these techniques and/or incidents for long periods of time and, even when we do so, we may be unable or fail to implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. Our ability to address data or cybersecurity incidents may also depend on the timing and nature of assistance that may be provided from relevant governmental or law enforcement agencies. Hardware, software, applications or services that we develop or procure from third parties, or are required by third parties such as foreign governments to install on our systems, may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could (or, in respect of third-party software, may be designed to) compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data or our systems. Unauthorized parties also attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through fraud, trickery, or other methods of deceiving these third parties or our personnel, including phishing and other social engineering techniques whereby attackers use end-user behaviors to distribute computer viruses and malware into our systems or otherwise compromise the confidentiality, integrity or availability of data or our systems. As these threats continue to evolve and increase (including due to the use of AI), we continue to invest significant resources, and may be required to invest significant additional resources, to modify and enhance our information security and controls 

and to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. In addition, while our operating environments are designed to safeguard and protect confidential personal and business information, we may not have the ability to monitor the implementation or effectiveness of any safeguards by our clients, vendors or partners and, in any event, third parties may be able to circumvent those security measures. Information obtained by malevolent parties (including our personnel) resulting from successful attacks against our clients, vendors, partners or other third parties may, in turn, be used to attack our information technology systems. 
 A cyberattack, unauthorized intrusion, malicious software infiltration, network disruption, denial of service, corruption of data, ransomware attack, theft of non-public or other sensitive information, or similar act by a malevolent party (including our personnel), or inadvertent acts or inactions by our vendors, partners or personnel, could result in the loss, disclosure or misuse of confidential personal or business information or the theft of client or ADP funds, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business or results of operations or that of our clients, result in liability, litigation, regulatory investigations and sanctions or a loss of confidence in our ability to serve clients, or cause current or potential clients to choose another service provider. As the global environment continues to grow increasingly hostile, the security of our operating environment is ever more important to our clients and potential clients. As a result, the breach or perceived breach of our security systems could result in a loss of confidence by our clients or potential clients and cause them to choose another service provider, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 
 Although we believe that we maintain a robust program of information security and controls and none of the data or cybersecurity incidents that we have encountered to date have materially impacted us, a data or cyber security incident could have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. While ADP maintains insurance coverage that, subject to policy terms and conditions and a significant self-insured retention, is designed to address losses or claims that may arise in connection with certain aspects of data and cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise in the continually evolving area of data and cyber risk. 
 Our systems, applications, solutions and services may be subject to disruptions that could have a materially adverse effect on our business and reputation 
 Many of our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process, on a daily basis, a large number of complicated transactions. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, 

20 

accounting, and other data processing systems. We need to properly manage our systems, applications and solutions, and any upgrades, enhancements and expansions we may undertake from time to time, in order to ensure they properly support our businesses. From time to time, these systems, applications or solutions fail to operate properly or become disabled. Any such failure or disablement, even for a brief period of time, whether due to malevolent acts, errors, defects or any other factor(s), could result in financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a materially adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events, including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans and procedures may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the loss of client data or funds, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. In addition, the severity of the failure or disablement may require us to replace or rebuild the affected system(s), application(s) or solution(s) and we may be unable to do so before it materially adversely affects our business. 
 A disruption of the data centers or cloud-computing or other technology services or systems that we utilize could have a materially adverse effect on our business 
 We host our applications and serve our clients with data centers that we operate, and with data centers that are operated, and cloud-computing and other technology services and systems that are provided, by third-party vendors. These data centers or cloud-computing and other technology services and systems have (and, in the future, may) failed, become disabled or been disrupted. Any failure, disablement or disruption, even for a limited period of time, could disrupt our businesses and we could suffer financial loss, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention or damage to our reputation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. In addition, our third-party vendors may cease providing data center facilities or cloud-computing or other technology services or systems, elect to not renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms or at all, breach their agreements with us or fail to satisfy our expectations, which could disrupt our operations and require us to incur costs which could materially adversely affect our results of operation or financial condition. 
 BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY RISKS 
 Our industry is subject to rapid technological change, including as a result of AI, and if we fail to upgrade, enhance and expand our technology and services to meet client needs and preferences, the demand for our solutions and services may materially diminish 

Our businesses operate in industries that are subject to rapid technological advances (such as AI) and changing client needs and preferences. In order to remain competitive and responsive to client demands, we continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our technology, solutions and services, including by leveraging AI in our solutions. If we fail to respond successfully to technology challenges and client needs and preferences or our competitors or other third parties respond to such challenges more quickly or successfully than us, the demand for our solutions and services may diminish. As new technologies (such as AI) continue to emerge, they may be disruptive to the HCM industry. These technologies could result in new and innovative HCM products and solutions that could increase competition, place us at a competitive disadvantage or even render obsolete our technology, products and solutions. In addition, investment in product development and new technologies often involves a long return on investment cycle. We have made and expect to continue to make significant investments in product development and new technologies. We must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our development efforts before knowing to what extent our investments will result in products the market will accept. In addition, our business could be adversely affected in periods surrounding our new product introductions if clients delay purchasing decisions to evaluate the new product offerings. Furthermore, we may not execute successfully on our product development strategy, including because of challenges with regard to product planning and timing and technical hurdles that we fail to overcome in a timely fashion. We may fail to realize all the economic benefit of our investment in the development of a product which could cause an impairment of goodwill or intangibles and result in a significant charge to earnings. 
 We may not realize or sustain the expected benefits from our business transformation initiatives, and these efforts could have a materially adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition, results of operations and competitive position 
 We have been and will be undertaking certain transformation initiatives, which are designed to streamline our organization, extend our world-class distribution and strengthen our talent and culture, while supporting our revenue growth, margin improvement and productivity. If we do not successfully manage and execute these initiatives, or if they are inadequate or ineffective, we may fail to meet our financial goals and achieve anticipated benefits, improvements may be delayed, not sustained or not realized and our business, operations and competitive position could be adversely affected. These initiatives, or our failure to successfully manage them, could result in unintended consequences or unforeseen costs, including distraction of our management and employees, attrition, inability to attract or retain key personnel, and reduced employee productivity, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

21 

A major natural disaster or catastrophic event could have a materially adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition and results of operations, or have other adverse consequences 
 Our business, operations, financial condition, results of operations, access to capital markets and borrowing costs may be adversely affected by a major natural disaster or catastrophic event, including civil unrest, geopolitical instability, war, terrorist attack, pandemics or other (actual or threatened) public health emergencies, extreme weather, such as droughts, hurricanes, flooding and wildfires (including as a result of climate change), or other events beyond our control, and measures taken in response thereto. 
 
 The COVID-19 outbreak created, and such other events may create, significant volatility and uncertainty and economic and financial market disruption. The extent of any such impact depends on developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the duration and scope of the event; the governmental and business actions taken in response thereto; actions taken by the Company in response thereto and the related costs; the impact on economic activity and employment levels; the effect on our clients, prospects, suppliers and partners; our ability to sell and provide our solutions and services, including due to travel restrictions, business and facility closures, and employee remote working arrangements; the ability of our clients or prospects to pay for our services and solutions; and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions can resume. In addition, clients or prospects may delay decision making, demand pricing and other concessions, reduce the value or duration of their orders, delay planned work or seek to terminate existing agreements. Our business is also impacted by employment levels across our clients, as we have varied contracts throughout our business that blend base fees and per-employee fees. 
 Political, economic and social factors may materially adversely affect our business and financial results 
 Trade, monetary and fiscal policies, and political and economic conditions may substantially change, and credit markets may experience periods of constriction and volatility. A slowdown in the economy or other negative changes, including in employment levels, the level of interest rates or the level of inflation, may have a negative impact on our businesses. In addition, as our operating costs increase due to inflationary pressure or otherwise, we may not be able to offset these increases by corresponding price increases for our products and solutions. Clients may react to worsening conditions by reducing their spending on HCM services or renegotiating their contracts with us, which may adversely affect our business and financial results. 

We invest our funds held for clients in liquid, investment-grade marketable securities, money market securities, and other cash equivalents. Nevertheless, such investments are subject to general market, interest rate, credit and liquidity risks. These risks may be exacerbated, individually or together, during periods of unusual financial market volatility. 
 
 In addition, as part of our client funds investment strategy, we extend the maturities of our investment portfolio for client funds and utilize short-term financing arrangements to satisfy our short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. In order to satisfy these short-term funding requirements, we maintain access to various sources of liquidity, including borrowings under our commercial paper program and our committed credit facilities, our ability to execute reverse repurchase transactions and corporate cash balances. A reduction in the availability of any such financing during periods of disruption in the financial markets or otherwise may increase our borrowing costs and/or require us to sell available-for-sale securities in our funds held for clients to satisfy our short-term funding requirements. When there is a reduction in employment levels due to a slowdown in the economy, the Company may experience a decline in client fund obligations and may also sell available-for-sale securities in our funds held for clients in order to reduce the size of the funds held for clients to correspond to client fund obligations. A sale of such available-for-sale securities may result in the recognition of losses and reduce the interest income earned on funds held for clients, either or both of which may adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. 
 
 In connection with our client funds assets investment strategy, we attempt to minimize the risk of not having funds collected from a client available at the time such client s obligation becomes due by generally impounding the client s funds at the time of payment of such client s obligation. When we don t impound client funds by the time we pay such client obligations (including for PEO clients with respect to which we are legally obligated for payroll and tax obligations in respect of WSEs as a Certified PEO), we are at risk of not recovering such funds or a material delay in such recovery. Such risk could be magnified during significant financial or other disruptions or catastrophic events, such as the failure of a bank with whom a significant number of clients may bank at the time or more widespread stress or failure within the U.S. banking system. Any such event could prevent or materially delay the recovery of any funds from clients and could have an adverse impact on our financial results and liquidity. 
 
 We are dependent upon various large banks to execute electronic payments and wire transfers as part of our client payroll, tax and other money movement services. While we have contingency plans in place for bank failures, a 

22 

systemic shutdown of the banking industry would impede our ability to process funds on behalf of our payroll, tax and other money movement services clients and could have an adverse impact on our financial results and liquidity. 
 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenues and operating income outside of the United States and, as a result, we are exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates that could impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 We publicly share certain information about our environmental, social and governance ESG initiatives, including our net zero greenhouse gas emissions pledge. We may face increased scrutiny related to our ESG initiatives and any related targets, including from the investment community. In addition, our ability to achieve certain ESG initiatives and targets may depend on the actions or continuing requirements of governmental entities (e.g., our paperless initiatives may depend on whether certain states continue to require employers to offer employees to be paid via paper check or to obtain employee consent to be paid electronically instead of via paper check). Our failure to achieve progress in these and other ESG areas on a timely basis, or at all, could impact our reputation, business, including employee retention, and growth. 
 Change in our credit ratings could adversely impact our operations and lower our profitability 
 The major credit rating agencies periodically evaluate our creditworthiness and have given us strong, investment-grade long-term debt ratings and high commercial paper ratings. Failure to maintain high credit ratings on long-term and short-term debt could increase our cost of borrowing, reduce our ability to obtain intra-day borrowing required by our Employer Services business, and adversely impact our results of operations. 
 Our business could be negatively impacted as a result of actions by activist stockholders or others 
 We may be subject to actions or proposals from activist stockholders or others that may not align with our business strategies or the interests of our other stockholders. Responding to such actions could be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our business and operations, and divert the attention of our Board of Directors and senior management from the pursuit of our business strategies. Activist stockholders may create perceived uncertainties as to the future direction of our business or strategy, including with respect to our ESG efforts, which may be exploited by our competitors and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel, potential clients and business partners and may affect our relationships with current clients, vendors, investors and other third parties. In addition, actions of activist stockholders may cause periods of fluctuation in our stock price based on temporary or 

speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business. 
 We may be unable to attract and retain qualified personnel 
 Our ability to grow and provide our clients with competitive services is, to an important degree, dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled and motivated people reflecting diverse perspectives and the diversity of our communities and clients. Competition for skilled employees in the outsourcing and other markets in which we operate is increasingly intense, making it more difficult and expensive to attract and retain highly skilled, motivated and diverse personnel. If we are unable to attract and retain highly skilled, motivated and diverse personnel, results of our operations and culture may suffer. 
 
 In addition, the nature of the office environment and remote or hybrid working is changing, which may make it more difficult to attract and retain personnel. It may also present operational and workplace culture challenges that may adversely affect our business. 

23 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 ADP owns 7 of its processing/print ce nters, and 13 other operational offices, sales offices, and its corporate headquarters in Roseland, New Jersey, which aggregate approximately 2,975,188 square feet. None of ADP's owned facilities is subject to any material encumbrances. ADP leases space for some of its processing centers, other operational offices, and sales offices. All of these leases, which aggregate approximately 5,595,720 square feet worldwide, expire at various times up to the year 2033. ADP believes its facilities are currently adequate for their intended purposes and are adequately maintained. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 In the normal course of business, ADP is subject to various claims and litigation. While the outcome of any litigation is inherently unpredictable, ADP believes that it has valid defenses with respect to the legal matters pending against it and that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a materially adverse impact on its financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 24 

Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity 
 The principal market for the Company s common stock is the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol ADP. As of June 30, 2023, there were 32,322 holders of record of the Company s common stock. As of such date, 1,442,988 additional holders held their common stock in street name. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of the Publicly Announced Common Stock Repurchase Plan (2) Maximum Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that may yet be Purchased under the Common Stock Repurchase Plan (2) (3) April 1, 2023 to 
 April 30, 2023 
 446,225 215.30 441,377 4,528,050,996 May 1, 2023 to 
 May 31, 2023 
 511,026 213.80 509,837 4,419,043,544 June 1, 2023 to 
 June 30, 2023 
 484,679 222.16 464,818 4,315,733,014 Total 1,441,930 1,416,032 
 (1) During the three months ended June 30, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the Company s restricted stock program, the Company purchased 25,898 shares at the then-market value of the shares to satisfy certain tax withholding requirements for employees upon the vesting of their restricted shares. 
 (2) The Company received the Board of Directors' approval to repurchase shares of the Company's common stock as follows: 
 Date of Approval November 2022 5 billion 
 (3) Inclusive of the impact of the one-percent excise tax under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. 
 
 There is no expiration date for the common stock repurchase authorization. 
 
 For equity compensation plan information, please refer to Item 12 in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 25 

Performance Graph 
 The following graph compares the cumulative return on the Company s common stock for the most recent five years with the cumulative return on the S P 500 Index and the Peer Group Index, (a) assuming an initial investment of 100 on June 30, 2018, with all dividends reinvested. The stock price performance shown on this graph may not be indicative of future performance. 

(a) We use the Nasdaq Dividend Achievers Select Index as our Peer Group Index. The Nasdaq Dividend Achievers Select Index is a select group of companies, that includes the Company, with at least ten consecutive years of increasing annual regular dividend payments. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 Not applicable. 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Tabular dollars are presented in millions, except per share amounts 
 
 The following section discusses our year ended June 30, 2023 fiscal 2023 ), as compared to year ended June 30, 2022 fiscal 2022 ). A detailed review of our fiscal 2022 performance compared to our fiscal 2021 performance is set forth in Part II, Item 7 of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This document and other written or oral statements made from time to time by ADP may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Statements that are not historical in nature and which may be identified by the use of words like expects, assumes, projects, anticipates, estimates, we believe, could is designed to and other words of similar meaning, are forward-looking statements. These statements are based on management s expectations and assumptions and depend upon or refer to future events or conditions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements or that could contribute to such difference include: ADP's success in obtaining and retaining clients, and selling additional services to clients; the pricing of products and services; the success of our new solutions; our ability to respond successfully to changes in technology, including artificial intelligence; compliance with existing or new legislation or regulations; changes in, or interpretations of, existing legislation or 
 26 

regulations; overall market, political and economic conditions, including interest rate and foreign currency trends and inflation; competitive conditions; our ability to maintain our current credit ratings and the impact on our funding costs and profitability; security or cyber breaches, fraudulent acts, and system interruptions and failures; employment and wage levels; availability of skilled associates; the impact of new acquisitions and divestitures; the adequacy, effectiveness and success of our business transformation initiatives; the impact of any uncertainties related to major natural disasters or catastrophic events; and supply-chain disruptions. ADP disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. These risks and uncertainties, along with the risk factors discussed under Item 1A. Risk Factors, and in other written or oral statements made from time to time by ADP, should be considered in evaluating any forward-looking statements contained herein. 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 
 In addition to our U.S. GAAP results, we use adjusted results and other non-GAAP metrics to evaluate our operating performance in the absence of certain items and for planning and forecasting of future periods. Adjusted EBIT, adjusted EBIT margin, adjusted net earnings, adjusted diluted earnings per share, adjusted effective tax rate and organic constant currency are all non-GAAP financial measures. Please refer to the accompanying financial tables in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section for a discussion of why ADP believes these measures are important and for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to their comparable GAAP financial measures. 

EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 
 Highlights from the year ended June 30, 2023 include: 
 
 9 160 basis points 
 17 Revenue Growth Earnings Before Income Taxes Margin Expansion Diluted EPS Growth 10 130 basis points 
 17 Organic Constant Currency Revenue Growth Adjusted EBIT Margin Expansion Adjusted Diluted EPS Growth 

10 Employer Services New Business Bookings Growth 6 PEO Services Average Worksite Employee Growth 3.0B 
 Cash Returned via Shareholder Friendly Actions 
 1.9B Dividends | 1.1B Share Repurchases 

We are a leading global provider of cloud-based Human Capital Management HCM technology solutions to employers around the world. Our HCM solutions, which include both software and outsourcing services, are designed to help our clients manage their workforce through a dynamic business and regulatory landscape and the changing world of work. We continuously seek to enhance our leading HCM solutions to further support our clients. We see tremendous growth opportunity ahead as we focus on our three key Strategic Priorities: leading with best-in-class HCM technology, providing unparalleled expertise and outsourcing, and leveraging our global scale for the benefit of our clients. Executing on our Strategic Priorities will be critical to enabling our growth in the years ahead. 
 
 During the fiscal year we drove strong progress across a number of key measures and in support of our overall Strategic Priorities. We crossed a major milestone, surpassing the 1 million client mark, driven by continued enhancements to our key solutions like RUN and Workforce Now. We continued the deployment of our unified User Experience to key portions of our portfolio such as the RUN mobile app. We were awarded Top HR Product for the 8 th consecutive year at the annual HR Tech Conference, in recognition for our recently launched Intelligent Self Service Solution. And our HR Outsourcing businesses continued to grow, now with over 3 million worksite employees served. 
 
 27 

For fiscal 2023, we delivered solid revenue growth of 9 , 10 organic constant currency. Our pays per control metric, which represents the number of employees on ADP clients' payrolls in the United States when measured on a same-store-sales basis for a subset of clients ranging from small to large businesses, grew 4.7 for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022. PEO average worksite employees increased 6 for the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022. Additionally, our strong ES new business bookings performance resulted in full year fiscal 2023 growth of 10 , and client satisfaction gains resulted in a full year ES client revenue retention rate of 92.2 , equal to the highest level we have ever reported. We believe these results are largely attributable to improvements made to our platforms and service over multiple years. 
 
 We have a strong business model, generating significant cash flows with low capital intensity, and offer a suite of products that provide critical support to our clients HCM functions. We generate sufficient free cash flow to satisfy our cash dividend and our modest debt obligations, which enables us to absorb the impact of downturns and remain steadfast in our re-investments, longer term strategy, and commitments to shareholder friendly actions. We are committed to building upon our past successes by investing in our business through enhancements in research and development and by driving meaningful transformation in the way we operate. Our financial condition remains solid at June 30, 2023 and we remain well positioned to support our associates and our clients. 

RESULTS AND ANALYSIS OF CONSOLIDATED OPERATIONS 
 
 Total Revenues 
 
 For the year ended June 30, respectively: 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Total Revenues 18,012.2 16,498.3 YoY Growth 9 10 YoY Growth, Organic Constant Currency 10 10 
 
 Revenues in fiscal 2023 increased due to new business started from New Business Bookings, an increase in zero-margin benefits pass-throughs, an increase in our pays per control, continued strong client retention, an increase in interest on funds held for clients, and an increase in pricing, partially offset by an unfavorable impact of one percentage point from foreign currency. Refer to Analysis of Reportable Segments for additional discussion of the changes in revenue for each of our reportable segments, Employer Services and Professional Employer Organization PEO Services. 
 
 Total revenues in fiscal 2023 include interest on funds held for clients of 813.4 million, as compared to 451.8 million in fiscal 2022. The increase in interest earned on funds held for clients resulted from an increase in our average interest rate earned to 2.4 in fiscal 2023, as compared to 1.4 in fiscal 2022, coupled with an increase in our average client funds balances of 5.1 to 34.1 billion in fiscal 2023 as compared to fiscal 2022. 

28 

Total Expenses Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 Change Costs of revenues: Operating expenses 8,657.4 8,252.6 5 Systems development and programming costs 844.8 798.6 6 Depreciation and amortization 451.2 410.7 10 Total costs of revenues 9,953.4 9,461.9 5 Selling, general and administrative expenses 3,551.4 3,233.2 10 Interest expense 253.3 81.9 209 Total expenses 13,758.1 12,777.0 8 

For the year ended June 30: 
 
 Operating expenses increased due to an increase in our PEO Services zero-margin benefits pass-through costs to 3,800.9 million from 3,514.4 million for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Additionally, operating expenses increased due to increased costs to service our client base in support of our growing revenue, partially offset by the impact of foreign currency and a net reduction of 12.3 million in our estimated losses related to ADP Indemnity. 
 
 Systems development and programming costs increased for fiscal 2023 due to increased investments and costs to develop, support, and maintain our new and existing products. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses increased due to the amortization of internally developed software products and new investments in purchased software. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased due to increased selling expenses as a result of investments in our sales organization, increased marketing expenses, and a reversal of COVID-19 credit loss reserves of 26.0 million in 2022, partially offset by the impact of foreign currency. 
 
 Interest expense increased due to the increase i n average interest rates on commercial paper issuances and reverse repurchases to 3.7 and 4.3 for the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to 0.4 and 0.7 for the year ended June 30, 2022, respectively, also coupled with a higher volume of average commercial paper and reverse repurchase borrowings, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022 . 
 
 Other (Income)/Expense, net Years ended June 30, 2023 2022 Change Interest income on corporate funds (149.5) (41.0) 108.5 Realized losses/(gains) on available-for-sale securities, net 14.7 4.4 (10.3) Impairment of assets 2.1 23.0 20.9 Gain on sale of assets (7.5) (7.5) Non-service components of pension income, net (50.8) (61.7) (10.9) Other (income)/expense, net (183.5) (82.8) 100.7 
 
 Interest income on corporate funds increased in fiscal 2023, as compared to fiscal 2022, due to higher average interest rates of 2.4 for the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to 1.0 for the year ended June 30, 2022, coupled with higher average investment balances for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022. See Note 10 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on non-service components of pension income, net. 
 
 29 

In fiscal 2022, the Company recorded impairment charges of 23.0 million, which is comprised of 12.1 million related to software and customer lists which were determined to have no future use and impairment charges of 10.9 million related to operating right-of-use assets associated with exiting certain leases early. 
 
 Earnings Before Income Taxes ("EBIT") and Adjusted EBIT 
 
 For the year ended June 30, respectively: 
 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 YoY Growth EBIT 4,437.6 3,804.1 17 EBIT Margin 24.6 23.1 160 bps 
 Adjusted EBIT 4,467.9 3,871.8 15 Adjusted EBIT Margin 24.8 23.5 130 bps 

Earnings before income taxes increased due to the increases in revenues partially offset by the increases in expenses discussed above. 
 
 Overall margin increased due to increases in revenues discussed above, and operating efficiencies for costs of servicing our clients on growing revenue, partially offset by increased selling expenses, increased interest expense, and increases in zero-margin pass through costs. 
 
 Adjusted EBIT and Adjusted EBIT margin exclude interest income and interest expense that are not related to our client funds 
 extended investment strategy, and net charges, including gain on sale of assets related to our broad-based transformation 
 initiatives and the impact of net severance charges relating to these initiatives, as applicable, in the respective periods. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 The effective tax rate in fiscal 2023 and 2022 was 23.1 and 22.5 , respectively. The increase in t he effective tax rate is primarily due to an intercompany transfer of certain assets that resulted in a lower effective tax rate in fiscal 2022 and higher reserves for uncertain tax positions in fiscal 2023. Refer t o Note 11, Income Taxes, within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 
 Adjusted Provision for Income Taxe s 
 
 The adjusted effective tax rate in fiscal 2023 and 2022 was 23.1 and 22.5 , respectively. The drivers of the adjusted effective tax rate are the same as the drivers of the effective tax rate discussed above. 
 
 Net Earnings and Diluted EPS, Unadjusted and Adjusted 
 
 For the year ended June 30, respectively: 

Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 YoY Growth Net earnings 3,412.0 2,948.9 16 Diluted EPS 8.21 7.00 17 Adjusted net earnings 3,419.5 2,951.6 16 Adjusted diluted EPS 8.23 7.01 17 

30 

Adjusted net earnings and adjusted diluted EPS reflect the changes in components described above. 
 
 Diluted EPS increased as a result of the increase in net earnings and the impact of fewer shares outstanding resulting from the repurchase of approximately 4.9 million shares during fiscal 2023 and 9.2 million shares during fiscal 2022, partially offset by the issuances of shares under our employee benefit plans. 
 
 For fiscal 2023, adjusted net earnings and adjusted diluted EPS reflect the changes in components described above. 

ANALYSIS OF REPORTABLE SEGMENTS Revenues Years Ended June 30, Change 2023 2022 As Reported Organic Constant Currency Employer Services 12,042.6 10,967.7 10 11 PEO Services 5,984.2 5,545.7 8 8 Other (14.6) (15.1) n/m n/m 18,012.2 16,498.3 9 10 
 
 Earnings before Income Taxes Years Ended June 30, Change 2023 2022 As Reported Employer Services 3,974.2 3,406.3 17 PEO Services 977.3 871.2 12 Other (513.9) (473.4) n/m 4,437.6 3,804.1 17 

Margin Years Ended June 30, 2023 2022 YoY Growth Employer Services 33.0 31.1 190 bps 
 PEO Services 16.3 15.7 60 bps 

n/m - not meaningful 

31 

Employer Services 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Revenues increased due to new business started from New Business Bookings, an increase in our pays per control of 5 , continued strong client retention, an increase in interest earned on funds held for clients, and an increase in pricing, partially offset by an unfavorable impact of one percentage point from foreign currency. 
 
 Earnings before Income Taxes 
 
 Employer Services' earnings before income taxes increased in fiscal 2023 due to increased revenues discussed above, partially offset by increases in expenses. The increases in expenses were due to increased costs to service our client base in support of our growing revenue, increases in selling expenses, and investments and costs to develop, support, and maintain our new and existing products. 
 
 Margin 
 
 Employer Services' margin increased due to increases in revenues discussed above, and operating efficiencies for costs of servicing our clients on growing revenue, partially offset by an increase in selling expenses. 
 
 PEO Services 
 
 Revenues PEO Revenues Years Ended Change June 30, 2023 2022 PEO Services' revenues 5,984.2 5,545.7 438.5 8 Less: PEO zero-margin benefits pass-throughs 3,800.9 3,514.4 286.5 8 PEO Services' revenues excluding zero-margin benefits pass-throughs 2,183.3 2,031.3 152.0 7 
 
 PEO Services' revenues increased 8 for fiscal 2023 due to increases in average worksite employees of 6 for fiscal 2023, as compared to fiscal 2022, and due to an increase in zero-margin benefits pass-throughs. 
 
 Earnings before Income Taxes 
 
 PEO Services earnings before income taxes increased 12 in fiscal 2023 due to increases in revenues discussed above and a net reduction of 12.3 million in our estimated losses related to ADP Indemnity, partially offset by the increases in zero-margin benefits pass-throughs of 286.5 million for fiscal 2023. 
 
 Margin 
 
 PEO Services' overall margin increased for fiscal 2023 due to increases in revenues discussed above, lower state unemployment and workers compensation insurance costs, and changes in our estimated losses related to ADP Indemnity, partially offset by increases in selling expenses. 
 32 

ADP Indemnity provides workers compensation and employer s liability deductible reimbursement insurance protection for PEO Services worksite employees up to 1 million per occurrence. PEO Services has secured a workers compensation and employer s liability insurance policy that caps the exposure for each claim at 1 million per occurrence and has also secured aggregate stop loss insurance that caps aggregate losses at a certain level in fiscal years 2012 and prior from an admitted and licensed insurance company of AIG. We utilize historical loss experience and actuarial judgment to determine the estimated claim liability, and changes in estimated ultimate incurred losses are included in the PEO segment. 
 
 Additionally, starting in fiscal year 2013, ADP Indemnity paid premiums to enter into reinsurance arrangements with ACE American Insurance Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chubb Limited Chubb ), to cover substantially all losses incurred by the Company up to the 1 million per occurrence related to the workers' compensation and employer's liability deductible reimbursement insurance protection for PEO Services' worksite employees. Each of these reinsurance arrangements limits our overall exposure incurred up to a certain limit. The Company believes the likelihood of ultimate losses exceeding this limit is remote. During fiscal 2023, ADP Indemnity paid a premium of 284 million to enter into a reinsurance arrangement with Chubb to cover substantially all losses incurred by ADP Indemnity for the fiscal 2023 policy year up to 1 million per occurrence. ADP Indemnity recorded a pre-tax benefit of approximately 73 million in fiscal 2023 and a pre-tax benefit of approximately 61 million in fiscal 2022, which were primarily a result of changes in our estimated actuarial losses. ADP Indemnity paid a premium of 269 million in July 2023, to enter into a reinsurance agreement with Chubb to cover substantially all losses incurred by ADP Indemnity for fiscal 2024 policy year on terms substantially similar to the fiscal 2023 reinsurance policy. 
 
 Other 
 
 The primary components of Other are certain corporate overhead charges and expenses that have not been allocated to the reportable segments, including corporate functions, costs related to our transformation office, severance costs, non-recurring gains and losses, the elimination of intercompany transactions, and all other interest income and expense. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 In addition to our GAAP results, we use the adjusted results and other non-GAAP metrics set forth in the table below to evaluate our operating performance in the absence of certain items and for planning and forecasting of future periods: Adjusted Financial Measures U.S. GAAP Measures Adjusted EBIT Net earnings Adjusted provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Adjusted net earnings Net earnings Adjusted diluted earnings per share Diluted earnings per share Adjusted effective tax rate Effective tax rate Organic constant currency Revenues 
 
 We believe that the exclusion of the identified items helps us reflect the fundamentals of our underlying business model and analyze results against our expectations and against prior periods, and to plan for future periods by focusing on our underlying operations. We believe that the adjusted results provide relevant and useful information for investors because it allows investors to view performance in a manner similar to the method used by management and improves their ability to understand and assess our operating performance. The nature of these exclusions is for specific items that are not fundamental to our underlying business operations. Since these adjusted financial measures and other non-GAAP metrics are not measures of performance calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP, they should not be considered in isolation from, as a substitute for, or superior to their corresponding U.S. GAAP measures, and they may not be comparable to similarly titled measures at other companies. 

33 

Years Ended June 30, Change 2023 2022 As Reported Net earnings 3,412.0 2,948.9 16 Adjustments: Provision for income taxes 1,025.6 855.2 All other interest expense (a) 70.9 71.3 All other interest income (a) (50.5) (7.1) Transformation initiatives (b) 8.7 3.5 Legal settlements (c) 1.2 Adjusted EBIT 4,467.9 3,871.8 15 Adjusted EBIT Margin 24.8 23.5 Provision for income taxes 1,025.6 855.2 20 Adjustments: Transformation initiatives (d) 2.2 0.8 Legal settlements 0.2 Adjusted provision for income taxes 1,028.0 856.0 20 Adjusted effective tax rate (e) 23.1 22.5 Net earnings 3,412.0 2,948.9 16 Adjustments: Transformation initiatives (b) 8.7 3.5 Income tax (benefit)/provision for transformation initiatives (d) (2.2) (0.8) Legal settlements (c) 1.2 Income tax (benefit)/provision for legal settlements (d) (0.2) Adjusted net earnings 3,419.5 2,951.6 16 Diluted EPS 8.21 7.00 17 Adjustments: Transformation initiatives (b) (d) 0.02 0.01 Legal settlements (c) (d) Adjusted diluted EPS 8.23 7.01 17 
 
 (a) In adjusted EBIT, we include the interest income earned on investments associated with our client funds extended investment strategy and interest expense on borrowings related to our client funds extended investment strategy as we believe these amounts to be fundamental to the underlying operations of our business model. The adjustments in the table above represent the interest income and interest expense that are not related to our client funds extended investment strategy and are labeled as All other interest expense and All other interest income. 
 
 (b) In fiscal 2023, the charges include consulting costs relating to our company-wide transformation initiatives, partially offset by net reversals relating to severance. Unlike other severance charges which are not included as an adjustment to get to adjusted results, these specific charges relate to actions taken as part of our broad-based, company-wide transformation initiatives. 
 
 (c) Represents net charges (reserves and insurance recovery) from legal matters during fiscal 2023. 
 
 (d) The income tax (benefit)/provision was calculated based on the marginal rate in effect for the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 
 (e) The Adjusted effective tax rate is calculated as our Adjusted provision for income taxes divided by the sum of our Adjusted net earnings plus our Adjusted provision for income taxes. 
 
 The following table reconciles our reported growth rates to the non-GAAP measure of organic constant currency, which excludes the impact of acquisitions, the impact of dispositions, and the impact of foreign currency. The impact of acquisitions and dispositions is calculated by excluding the current year revenues of acquisitions until the one-year anniversary of the transaction and by excluding the prior year revenues of divestitures for the one-year period preceding the transaction. The impact of foreign currency is determined by calculating the current year results using foreign exchange rates consistent with the 
 34 

prior year. The PEO segment is not impacted by acquisitions, dispositions or foreign currency. Year Ended June 30, 2023 Consolidated revenue growth as reported 9 Adjustments: Impact of acquisitions 
 Impact of foreign currency 
 1 Consolidated revenue growth, organic constant currency 10 Employer Services revenue growth as reported 10 Adjustments: Impact of acquisitions 
 Impact of foreign currency 
 1 Employer Services revenue growth, organic constant currency 11 

FINANCIAL CONDITION, LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 As of June 30, 2023, cash and cash equivalent s were 2.1 billion, which were primarily invested in time deposits and money market funds. 
 
 For corporate liquidity, we expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term and long-term marketable securities, cash flow from operations together with our 9.7 billion of committed credit facilities and our ability to access both long-term and short-term debt financing from the capital markets will be adequate to meet our operating, investing, and financing activities such as regular quarterly dividends, share repurchases, and capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. Our financial condition remains solid at June 30, 2023 and we have sufficient liquidity. 
 
 For client funds liquidity, we have the ability to borrow through our financing arrangements under our U.S. short-term commercial paper program and our U.S., Canadian and United Kingdom short-term reverse repurchase agreements, together with our 9.7 billion of comm itted credit facilities and our ability to use corporate liquidity when necessary to meet short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. Please see Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk for a further discussion of the risks related to our client funds extended investment strategy. See Note 8 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of our short-term financing including commercial paper. 
 
 Operating, Investing and Financing Cash Flow s 
 
 Our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities, as reflected in the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows are summarized as follows: Years ended June 30, 2023 2022 Change Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 4,207.6 3,099.5 1,108.1 Investing activities (2,517.3) (7,014.4) 4,497.1 Financing activities (15,680.7) 13,653.4 (29,334.1) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents (21.1) (98.7) 77.6 Net change in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents (14,011.5) 9,639.8 (23,651.3) 
 35 

Net cash flows provided by operating activities increased due to growth in our underlying business (net income adjusted for non-cash adjustments), and a net favorable change in the components of operating assets and liabilities primarily due to timing on collections of accounts receivable, and a decrease in incentive compensation payments, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022 . 
 
 Net cash flows used in investing activities changed due to the timing of proceeds and purchases of corporate and client funds marketable securities of 4,570.2 million, offset by higher payments for capital expenditures in fiscal 2023, and the sale of property, plant, and equipment in fiscal 2022. 
 
 Net cash flows used in financing activities changed due to a net decrease in the cash flow from client funds obligations of 29,759.5 million, which is due to the timing of impounds from our clients and payments to our clients' employees and other payees, an increase in dividends paid, and a net decrease in reverse repurchase agreements borrowing, offset by a decrease in repurchases of common stock in fiscal 2023. 
 
 We purchased approximately 4.9 million shares of our common stock at an average price per share of 227.30 during fiscal 2023, as compared to purchases of 9.2 million shares at an average price per share of 214.40 during fiscal 2022. From time to time, the Company may repurchase shares of its common stock under its authorized share repurchase program. The Company considers several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including, among other things, actual and potential acquisition activity, cash balances and cash flows, issuances due to employee benefit plan activity, and market conditions. 
 
 Capital Resources and Client Fund Obligations 
 
 We have 3.0 billion of senior unsecured notes with maturity dates in 2025, 2028, and 2030. We may from time to time revisit the long-t erm debt market to refinance existing debt, finance investments including acquisitions for our growth, and maintain the appropriate capital structure. However, there can be no assurance that volatility in the global capital and credit markets would not impair our ability to access these markets on terms acceptable to us, or at all. See Note 9 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of our notes. 
 
 Our U.S. short-term funding requirements related to client funds are sometimes obtained on an unsecured basis through the issuance of commercial paper, rather than liquidating previously-collected client funds that have already been invested in available-for-sale securiti es. This commercial paper program provides for the issuance of up to 9.7 billion in aggregate maturity value . Our c ommercial paper program is rated A-1+ by Standard and Poor s, Prime-1 P-1 by Moody s and F1+ by Fitch. These ratings denote the highest quality commercial paper securities. Maturities of commercial paper can range from overnight to up to 364 days. At June 30, 2023 and 2022, we had no commercial paper borrowing outstanding. Details of the borrowings under the commercial paper program are as follows: 
 Years ended June 30, 2023 2022 Average daily borrowings (in billions) 3.4 2.0 Weighted average interest rates 3.7 0.4 Weighted average maturity (approximately in days) 2 days 1 day 
 
 Our U.S., Canadian, and United Kingdom short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations are sometimes obtained on a secured basis through the use of reverse repurchase agreements, which are collateralized principally by government and government agency securities, rather than liquidating previously-collected client funds that have already been invested in available-for-sale securities. These agreements generally have terms ranging from overnight to up to five business days. We have successfully borrowed through the use of reverse repurchase agreements on an as-needed basis to meet short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. At June 30, 2023 and 2022, there were 105.4 million and 136.4 million, respectively, of outstanding obligations related to the reverse repurchase agreements. Details of the reverse repurchase agreements are as follows: 
 Years ended June 30, 2023 2022 Average outstanding balances 1,279.9 299.6 Weighted average interest rates 4.3 0.7 
 
 We vary the maturities of our committed credit facilities to limit the refinancing risk of any one facility. We have a 4.25 billion, 364-day credit agreement that matures in June 2024 with a one year term-out option. In addition, we have a five-year 3.2 billion credit facility and a five-year 2.25 billion credit facility maturing in June 2026 and June 2028, respectively, each with an accordion feature under which the aggregate com mitment can be increased by 500 million , subject to the availability 
 36 

of additional commitments. The primary uses of the credit facilities are to provide liquidity to the commercial paper program and funding for general corporate purposes, if necessary. We had no borrowings through June 30, 2023 under the credit facilities. We believe that we currently meet all conditions set forth in the revolving credit agreements to borrow thereunder, and we are not aware of any conditions that would prevent us from borrowing part or all of the 9.7 billion a vailable to us under the revolving credit agreements. See Note 8 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of our short-term financing including credit facilities. 
 
 Our investment portfolio does not contain any asset-backed securities with underlying collateral of sub-prime mortgages, alternative-A mortgages, sub-prime auto loans or sub-prime home equity loans, collateralized debt obligations, collateralized loan obligations, credit default swaps, derivatives, auction rate securities, structured investment vehicles or non-investment grade fixed-income securities. We own AAA-rated senior tranches of primarily fixed rate auto loan, credit card, and equipment lease receivables, secured predominantly by prime collateral. All collateral on asset-backed securities is performing as expected through June 30, 2023. In addition, we own U.S. government securities which primarily include debt directly issued by Federal Farm Credit Banks and Federal Home Loan Banks. Our client funds investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments out to five years (in the case of the extended portfolio) and out to ten years (in the case of the long portfolio). This investment strategy is supported by our short-term financing arrangements necessary to satisfy short-term funding requirements relating to client funds obligations. See Note 4 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of our corporate investments and funds held for clients. 
 
 Capital expenditures for fiscal 2023 were 206.0 million, as compared to 177.1 million for fiscal 2022. We expect capital expenditures in fiscal 2024 to be between 200 million and 225 million. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 Our contractual obligations at June 30, 2023 relate primarily to operating leases (Note 6) and other arrangements recorded in our balance sheet or disclosed in the notes to our financial statements, including benefit plan obligations (Note 10), liabilities for uncertain tax positions (Note 11), purchase obligations (Note 12), debt obligations (Note 9) and 263.5 million of interest payments of our debt, of which 64.3 million is expected to be paid within one year. 
 
 In addition to the obligations described above, we had obligations for the remittance of funds relating to our payroll and payroll tax filing services. As of June 30, 2023, the obligations relating to these matters, which are expected to be paid in fiscal 2024, total 38,538.6 million and were recorded in client funds obligations on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We had 36,333.6 million of cas h and cash e quivalents and marketable securities that were impounded from our clients to satisfy such obligations recorded in funds held for clients on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023. 
 
 Separately, ADP Indemnity paid a p remium of 269 million in July 2023 to enter into a reinsurance agreement with Chubb to cover substantially all losses incurred by ADP Indemnity for the fiscal 2024 policy year. At June 30, 2023, ADP Indemnity had total assets of 660.8 million to satisfy the actuarially estimated unpaid losses of 552.3 million for the policy years since July 1, 2003. ADP Indemnity paid claims of 0.8 million and 1.8 million, net of insurance recoveries, in fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. Refer to the Analysis of Reportable Segments - PEO Services above for additional information regarding ADP Indemnity. 
 
 In the normal course of business, we also enter into contracts in which we make representations and warranties that relate to the performance of our services and products. We do not expect any material losses related to such representations and warranties. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Our overall investment portfolio is comprised of corporate investments (cash and cash equivalents, short-term and long-term marketable securities) and client funds assets (funds that have been collected from clients but have not yet been remitted to the applicable tax authorities, client employees or other payees). 
 
 Our corporate investments are invested in cash and cash equivalents and highly liquid, investment-grade marketable securities. These assets are available for our regular quarterly dividends, share repurchases, capital expenditures and/or acquisitions, as well as other corporate operating purposes. All of our short-term and long-term fixed-income securities are classified as available-for-sale securities. 
 
 Our client funds assets are invested with safety of principal, liquidity, and diversification as the primary objectives. Consistent with those objectives, we also seek to maximize interest income and to minimize the volatility of interest income. Client funds 
 37 

assets are invested in highly liquid, investment-grade marketable securities, with a maximum maturity of 10 years at the time of purchase, and money market securities and other cash equivalents. 
 
 We utilize a strategy by which we extend the maturities of our investment portfolio for funds held for clients and employ short-term financing arrangements to satisfy our short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations. Our client funds investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments out to five years (in the case of the extended portfolio) and out to ten years (in the case of the long portfolio). As part of our client funds investment strategy, we use the daily collection of funds from our clients to satisfy other unrelated client funds obligations, rather than liquidating previously-collected client funds that have already been invested in available-for-sale securities. In circumstances where we experience a reduction in employment levels due to a slowdown in the economy, we may make tactical decisions to sell certain securities in order to reduce the size of the funds held for clients to correspond to client funds obligations. We attempt to minimize the risk of not having funds collected from a client available at the time such client s obligation becomes due by generally impounding the client s funds by the time we pay such client s obligation. When we don t impound client funds in advance of paying such client obligations, we are at risk of not recovering such funds or a material delay in such recovery. Through our clients funds investment strategy and client impounding processes, we have consistently maintained the required level of liquidity to satisfy all of our obligations. 
 
 There are inherent risks and uncertainties involving our investment strategy relating to our client funds assets. Such risks include liquidity risk, including the risk associated with our ability to liquidate, if necessary, our available-for-sale securities in a timely manner in order to satisfy our client funds obligations. However, our investments are made with the safety of principal, liquidity, and diversification as the primary goals to minimize the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy all of our client funds obligations. We also believe we have significantly reduced the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy our client funds obligations by consistently maintaining access to other sources of liquidity, including our corporate cash balances, available borrowings under o ur 9.7 billion commercial paper program (rated A-1+ by Standard and Poor s, P-1 by Moody s, and F1+ by Fitch, the highest possible short-term credit ratings), our ability to engage in reverse repurchase agreement transactions and available borrowings under our 9.7 billion committe d credit facilities. The reduced availability of financing during periods of economic turmoil, even to borrowers with the highest credit ratings, may limit our ability to access short-term debt markets to meet the liquidity needs of our business. In addition to liquidity risk, our investments are subject to interest rate risk and credit risk, as discussed below. 
 
 We have established credit quality, maturity, and exposure limits for our investments. The minimum allowed credit rating at time of purchase for corporate, Canadian government agency and Canadian provincial bonds is BBB, for asset-backed securities is AAA, and for municipal bonds is A. The maximum maturity at time of purchase for BBB-rated securities is 5 years, and for single A rated, AA-rated and AAA-rated securities it is 10 years. Time deposits and commercial paper must be rated A-1 and/or P-1. Money market funds must be rated AAA/Aaa-mf. 
 
 Details regarding our overall investment portfolio are as follows: Years ended June 30, 2023 2022 Average investment balances at cost: Corporate investments 6,293.9 4,241.3 Funds held for clients 34,142.8 32,480.3 Total 40,436.7 36,721.6 Average interest rates earned exclusive of realized losses/(gains) on: Corporate investments 2.4 1.0 Funds held for clients 2.4 1.4 Total 2.4 1.3 Net realized losses/(gains) on available-for-sale securities 14.7 4.4 
 38 

As of June 30: Net unrealized pre-tax (losses)/gains on available-for-sale securities (2,206.9) (1,721.4) Total available-for-sale securities at fair value 29,764.9 28,391.6 
 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk in relation to securities that mature, as the proceeds from maturing securities are reinvested. Factors that influence the earnings impact of interest rate changes include, among others, the amount of invested funds and the overall portfolio mix between short-term and long-term investments. This mix varies during the fiscal year and is impacted by daily interest rate changes. The annualized interest rate earned on our entire portfolio increased from 1.3 for fiscal 2022 to 2.4 for fiscal 2023. A hy pothetical chan ge in both short-term interest rates (e.g., overnight interest rates or the federal funds rate) and intermediate-term interest rates of 25 basis points applied to the estimated average investment balances and any related short-term borrowings would result in approximately an 14 million impact to earnings before income taxes over the ensuing twelve-month period ending June 30, 2024. A hypothetical change in only short-term interest rates of 25 basis points applied to the estimated average short-term investment balances and any related short-term borrowings would result in approximately an 5 million impact to earnings before income taxes over the ensuing twelve-month period ending June 30, 2024. 
 
 We are exposed to credit risk in connection with our available-for-sale securities through the possible inability of the borrowers to meet the terms of the securities. We limit credit risk by investing in investment-grade securities, primarily AAA-rated and AA- rated securities, as rated by Moody s, Standard Poor s, DBRS for Canadian dollar denominated securities, and Fitch for asset-backed and commercial-mortgage-backed securities. In addition, we limit amounts that can be invested in any security other than U.S. government and government agency, Canadian government, and United Kingdom government securities. 
 
 We operate and transact business in various foreign jurisdictions and are therefore exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates that could impact our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. We manage our exposure to these market risks through our regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. We may use derivative financial instruments as risk management tools and not for trading purposes. 
 
 RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 
 See Note 1, Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements, of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and other comprehensive income. We continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for additional information. 
 
 The estimates are based on historical experience and assumptions believed to be reasonable under current facts and circumstances. These estimates require levels of subjectivity and judgment, which could result in actual results differing from our estimates. The Company believes the following are its critical accounting estimates: 
 
 Deferred Costs - Assets Recognized from the Costs to Obtain and Fulfill Contracts 
 
 Description 
 Incremental costs of obtaining a contract (e.g., sales commissions) and cost incurred to implement clients on our solutions (e.g., direct labor) that are expected to be recovered are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the client retention period, depending on the business unit. 
 
 Judgments and Uncertainties 
 The Company has estimated the amortization periods for deferred costs by using its historical retention rates by business unit to estimate the pattern during which the service transfers. The expected client relationship period ranges from three to eight years. 
 39 

Sensitivity of Estimate to Change 
 As the assumptions used to estimate the amortization period of the deferred costs could have a material impact on timing of recognition, we assess the amortization periods annually using historical retention rates. Actual retention rates were not materially different than those used in our calculation to determine the amortization period. We regularly review our deferred costs for impairment. There were no impairment losses incurred during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, June 30, 2022, or June 30, 2021. 
 
 Goodwill. 
 
 Description 
 Goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. Goodwill is tested annually for impairment or more frequently when an event or circumstance indicates that goodwill might be impaired. 
 
 Judgments and Uncertainties 
 The Company s annual goodwill impairment assessment as of June 30, 2023 was performed for all reporting units using a quantitative approach by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. We estimated the fair value of each reporting unit using, as appropriate, the income approach, which is derived using the present value of future cash flows discounted at a risk-adjusted weighted-average cost of capital, and the market approach, which is based upon using market multiples of companies in similar lines of business. Significant assumptions used in determining the fair value of our reporting units include projected revenue growth rates, profitability projections, working capital assumptions, the weighted average cost of capital, the determination of appropriate market comparison companies, and terminal growth rates. Several of these assumptions including projected revenue growth rates and profitability projections are dependent on our ability to upgrade, enhance, and expand our technology and services to meet client needs and preferences. 
 
 Sensitivity of Estimate to Change 
 Some of the inherent estimates and assumptions used in determining the fair value of the reporting units are outside the control of management including the weighted-average cost of capital, tax rates, market comparisons, and terminal growth rates. While we believe we have made reasonable estimates and assumptions to calculate the fair value of the reporting units, it is possible a material change could occur. If our actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used to calculate fair value, it could result in material impairments of our goodwill. The assumptions used to assess impairment consider historical trends, macroeconomic conditions, and projections consistent with the Company s operating strategy. Changes in these estimates can have a significant impact on the assessment of fair value which could result in material impairment losses. 
 
 We completed our annual assessment of goodwill as of June 30, 2023 and determined that there was no impairment of goodwill. We performed a sensitivity analysis and determined that a one percentage point increase in the weighted-average cost of capital would not result in an impairment of goodwill for all reporting units and their fair values substantially exceeded their carrying values. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Description 
 Judgment is required in addressing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our Consolidated Financial Statements or tax returns (e.g., realization of deferred tax assets, changes in tax laws or interpretations thereof). A change in the assessment of the outcomes of such matters could materially impact our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Judgments and Uncertainties 
 The Company computes its provision for income taxes based on the statutory tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. Assumptions, judgment, and the use of estimates are required in determining if the more likely than not standard has been met when computing the provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and uncertain tax positions. 
 
 Sensitivity of Estimate to Change 
 While the Company considers all of its tax positions fully supportable, the Company is occasionally challenged by various tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. If certain pending tax matters settle within the next twelve months, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease for all open tax years and jurisdictions. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company's liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, which include interest and penalti es, were 116.9 million and 98.1 million, respectively. 
 40 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 The information called for by this item is provided under the caption Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk under Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 
 41 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 Automatic Data Processing, Inc. 
 Roseland, New Jersey 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related statements of consolidated earnings, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)2 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated August 3, 2023 , expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 Goodwill Employer Services Reportable Segment Refer to Notes 1 and 7 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company s evaluation of goodwill for impairment involves the comparison of the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. The Company uses the discounted cash flow model to estimate fair value which requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to forecasts of future revenue and operating margin. In addition, the discounted cash flow model requires the Company to select an appropriate weighted average cost of capital based on current market conditions as of June 30, 2023. Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on either the fair value, the amount of any goodwill impairment charge, or both. 
 
 Forecasts of future revenue and operating margin from the Company s next-gen platform, for which there is limited historical data, contribute significantly to the estimate of fair value of a reporting unit within the Employer Services reportable segment with approximately 678 million of goodwill as of June 30, 2023. Given the limited historical data associated with the Company s next-gen platform, significant management judgment was required to forecast future revenue and operating margin to estimate the fair value of the reporting unit. In turn, a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of audit effort were required when performing 
 42 

audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to the forecasts of revenue and operating margin and the selection of the weighted average cost of capital, including the involvement of our fair value specialists. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the forecasts of future revenue and operating margin and the selection of the weighted average cost of capital used by management to estimate the fair value contributed by the next-gen platform included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over management s goodwill impairment evaluation, including those over the determination of the fair value of the reporting unit within the Employer Services reportable segment, such as controls related to management s forecasts of future revenue and operating margin and the selection of the weighted average cost of capital. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the valuation models, methodology, and significant assumptions used by the Company, specifically the weighted average cost of capital including: 
 Testing the mathematical accuracy of the Company s calculation of the weighted average cost of capital. 
 Developing a range of independent estimates and compared to the weighted average cost of capital selected by management. 
 We evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast future revenue and operating margin by comparing actual results to management s historical forecasts. Due to the limited historical data for the next-gen platform, we evaluated the reasonableness of management s revenue and operating margin forecasts by comparing the forecasts to (1) the historical operating results of the Company s similar existing platforms, (2) the limited operating results to date of the next-gen platform, (3) internal communications to management and the board of directors, and (4) external communications made by management to analysts and investors. 
 
 Client Funds Obligations - Refer to Note 4 to the financial statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 Client funds obligations represent the Company's contractual obligations to remit funds to satisfy clients' payroll, tax and other payee payment obligations and are recorded as a liability at the time that the Company impounds funds from clients (i.e., money movement). The Company has reported client funds obligations as a current liability in the consolidated financial statements totaling million as of June 30, 2023. This money movement activity involves significant amounts of client funds being impounded and remitted to third parties and results in a high volume of transactions. 
 To validate the accuracy and completeness of the client funds obligations reported as of period end, the Company performs complex data extracts in order to reconcile the transactional data to the client funds obligations and funds held for clients balances reported at period end. Given the significant volume of data used in the reconciliation, the complexity of the data extraction, and the reconciliation of the data extracts to the client funds obligations balance reported, auditing the client funds obligations is complex and requires the involvement of data specialists to independently reperform the reconciliation and assist with testing of the completeness and accuracy of client funds obligations reported as of period end, including identifying the manual adjustments identified in management s reconciliation process. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company's client funds obligations included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of general information technology controls over the applications relevant to the money movement reconciliation process. 
 We tested the effectiveness of (1) management s controls over the client funds obligations data reconciliation and (2) management s control to reconcile the consolidated client funds obligations to the corresponding consolidated funds held for clients balance. 
 We involved data specialists to (1) independently reperform management s client funds obligations reconciliation and (2) perform data analyses to identify and evaluate recurring and new adjustments to the data extracts in the current period. 
 For a selection of client funds obligations transactions, we evaluated whether the funds were impounded prior to June 30, 2023, agreed the liability to the corresponding asset balance, and evaluated whether the funds were properly included or excluded from the client funds obligations. 
 We made a selection of adjustments identified by management s reconciliation of the transactional data to the client funds obligations balance reported at period end and evaluated whether the adjustments were supported and appropriate to reconcile and validate the client funds obligations balance reported at period end. 
 We made a selection of disbursements to third parties subsequent to the balance sheet date to evaluate whether they were properly included or excluded from client funds obligations. 
 We tested the Company s reconciliation of the consolidated client funds obligations to funds held for clients. 
 
 43 

/s/ 

August 3, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1968. 

44 

Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Statements of Consolidated Earnings 
 (In millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 Years ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 REVENUES: Revenues, other than interest on funds held for clients and PEO revenues Interest on funds held for clients PEO revenues (A) TOTAL REVENUES EXPENSES: Costs of revenues: Operating expenses Systems development and programming costs Depreciation and amortization TOTAL COSTS OF REVENUES Selling, general, and administrative expenses Interest expense TOTAL EXPENSES Other (income)/expense, net ) ) ) EARNINGS BEFORE INCOME TAXES Provision for income taxes NET EARNINGS BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE Basic weighted average shares outstanding Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 
 
 (A) million, million, and million, respectively. 

See notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 45 

Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income 
 (In millions) 
 
 Years ended June 30, 2023 2022 2021 Net earnings Other comprehensive (loss)/income: Currency translation adjustments ) Unrealized net (losses)/gains on available-for-sale securities ) ) ) Tax effect Reclassification of net losses/(gains) on available-for-sale securities to net earnings ) Tax effect ) ) Unrealized (losses)/gains on cash flow hedging activities ) Tax effect Amortization of unrealized losses on cash flow hedging activities Tax effect ) ) ) Pension net (losses)/gains arising during the year ) Tax effect ) ) Reclassification of pension liability adjustment to net earnings ) Tax effect ) ) Other comprehensive (loss)/income, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income 

See notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 46 

Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 June 30, 2023 2022 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 
 Other current assets Total current assets before funds held for clients Funds held for clients Total current assets Long-term receivables, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 
 Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use asset Deferred contract costs Other assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Accrued payroll and payroll-related expenses Dividends payable Short-term deferred revenues Obligations under reverse repurchase agreements (A) Income taxes payable Total current liabilities before client funds obligations Client funds obligations Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Deferred income taxes Long-term deferred revenues Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 12) Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value: Authorized, shares; issued, ne 
 Common stock, par value: authorized, shares; issued, shares at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022; 
 outstanding, and shares at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively 
 Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Treasury stock - at cost: and shares at June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss)/income ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

million of long-term marketable securities and million of cash and cash equivalents have been pledged as collateral under the Company's reverse repurchase agreements. As of June 30, 2022, million of short-term marketable securities and million of long-term marketable securities have been pledged as collateral under the Company's reverse repurchase agreements (see Note 8). 

See notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 47 

Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Statements of Consolidated Stockholders' Equity 
 (In millions, except per share amounts) 
 
 Common Stock Capital in Excess of Par Value Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2020 ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation expense Issuances relating to stock compensation plans Treasury stock acquired million shares repurchased) 
 ) Dividends per share) 
 ) Balance at June 30, 2021 ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuances relating to stock compensation plans Treasury stock acquired million shares repurchased) 
 ) Dividends per share) 
 ) Balance at June 30, 2022 ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive loss ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuances relating to stock compensation plans Treasury stock acquired million shares repurchased) 
 ) Dividends per share) 
 ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) 

See notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 48 

Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows 
 (In millions) 
 
 Years ended June 30, 2023 2022 
 2021 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash flows provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred contract costs Deferred income taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Net pension income ) ) ) Net amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts on available-for-sale securities Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Decrease/(Increase) in accounts receivable ) ) Increase in other assets ) ) ) (Decrease)/Increase in accounts payable ) ) Increase in accrued expenses and other liabilities Net cash flows provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Purchases of corporate and client funds marketable securities ) ) ) Proceeds from the sales and maturities of corporate and client funds marketable securities Capital expenditures ) ) ) Additions to intangibles ) ) ) Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) Proceeds from the sale of property, plant, and equipment and other assets Net cash flows used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Net (decrease)/increase in client funds obligations ) Payments of debt ) ) ) Proceeds from the issuance of debt Settlement of cash flow hedges ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Net proceeds from stock purchase plan and stock-based compensation plans Dividends paid ) ) ) Net (payments)/proceeds related to reverse repurchase agreements ) Net cash flows (used in)/provided by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents, end of year Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents to the Consolidated Balance Sheets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents included in funds held for clients (A) Total cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net of income tax refunds 
 (A) 
 
 See notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 49 

Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts or where otherwise stated) 

NOTE 1. 

B. reportable segments: Employer Services and Professional Employer Organization PEO Services. The primary components of the Other segment are certain corporate overhead charges and expenses that have not been allocated to the reportable segments, including corporate functions, costs related to our transformation office, legal settlements, severance costs, non-recurring gains and losses, the elimination of intercompany transactions, and interest expense. 
 
 C. 
 
 days to years. The performance obligations in the agreements are generally combined into one performance obligation, as they are considered a series of distinct services, and are satisfied over time because the client simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided as the Company performs the services. The Company uses the output method based on a fixed fee per employee serviced to recognize revenue, as the value to the client of the goods or services transferred to date (e.g. number of payees or number of payrolls processed) appropriately depicts our performance towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation. The fees are typically billed in the period in which services are performed. 
 
 PEO, a component of the HR Outsourcing HRO business pillar, provides a comprehensive human resources outsourcing solution, including offering benefits, providing workers compensation insurance, and administering state unemployment insurance, among other human resources functions. Amounts collected from PEO worksite employers include payroll, fees for benefits, and an administrative fee that also includes payroll taxes, fees for workers compensation and state unemployment taxes. 
 
 The payroll and payroll taxes collected from the worksite employers are presented in revenue net, as the Company does not retain risk and acts as an agent with respect to this aspect of the PEO arrangement. With respect to the payroll and payroll taxes, the worksite employer is primarily responsible for providing the service and has discretion in establishing wages. 
 
 50 

. 
 
 Collection of consideration the Company expects to receive typically occurs within 30 to 60 days of billing. We assess the collectability of revenues based primarily on the creditworthiness of the customer as determined by credit checks and analysis, as well as the customer's payment history and their intention to pay the consideration. 
 D. Deferred Costs. 
 Incremental Costs of Obtaining a Contract 
 
 Incremental costs of obtaining a contract (e.g., sales commissions) that are expected to be recovered are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over a period of three to , depending on the business unit. Incremental costs of obtaining a contract include only those costs the Company incurs to obtain a contract that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained. These costs are included in selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 Costs to fulfill a Contract 
 
 The Company capitalizes costs incurred to fulfill its contracts that i) relate directly to the contract ii) are expected to generate resources that will be used to satisfy the Company's performance obligations under the contract and iii) are expected to be recovered through revenue generated under the contract. Costs incurred to implement clients on our solutions (e.g., direct labor) are capitalized and amortized on a straight-line basis over the expected client relationship period if the Company expects to recover those costs. The expected client relationship period ranges from three to . These costs are included in operating expenses. 
 The Company has estimated the amortization periods for the deferred costs by using its historical retention by business units to estimate the pattern during which the service transfers. 
 E. 
 
 F. 

51 

of the Company's available-for-sale securities included in Level 2 are valued based on prices obtained from an independent pricing service. To determine the fair value of the Company's Level 2 investments, the independent pricing service uses pricing models for each asset class that are consistent with what other market participants would use, including the market approach. Inputs and assumptions to the pricing model used by the independent pricing service are derived from market observable sources including: benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, benchmark securities, bids, offers and other market-related data. Since many fixed income securities do not trade on a daily basis, the independent pricing service applies available information, as applicable, through processes such as benchmark curves, benchmarking of like securities, sector groupings and matrix pricing to prepare valuations. For the purposes of valuing the Company s asset-backed securities and mortgage-backed securities (that are included within Other securities in Note 4), the independent pricing service includes additional inputs to the model such as monthly payment information, new issue data, and collateral performance. For the purposes of valuing the Company s Municipal bonds, the independent pricing service includes quoted prices for similar assets, benchmark yield curves, and market corroborated inputs. While the Company is not provided access to the proprietary models of the third party pricing service, each quarterly reporting period, the Company reviews the inputs utilized by the independent pricing service and compares the valuations received from the independent pricing service to valuations from at least one other observable source for reasonableness. The Company has not adjusted the prices obtained from the independent pricing service and the Company believes the prices received from the independent pricing service are representative of the prices that would be received to sell the assets at the measurement date (exit price). The Company had no available-for-sale securities included in Level 1 and Level 3 at June 30, 2023. 
 
 The Company issued three series of fixed-rate notes with staggered maturities of and -years totaling billion (collectively the Notes ). The fair value of the Notes are estimated in Note 9 utilizing a variety of inputs obtained from an independent pricing service, including benchmark yields, reported trades, non-binding broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers, and reference data. The Notes are senior unsecured obligations, and interest is payable in arrears, semi-annually. The Company reviews the values generated by the independent pricing service for reasonableness by comparing the valuations received from the independent pricing service to valuations from at least one other observable source. The Company has not adjusted the prices obtained from the independent pricing service. 
 
 The Company's assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment and may affect the classification of assets and liabilities within the fair value hierarchy. In certain instances, the inputs used to measure fair value may meet the definition of more than one level of the fair value hierarchy. The significant input with the lowest level priority is used to determine the applicable level in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 H. 
 52 

to years 
 Buildings to years 
 Furniture and fixtures to years 

I. 
 
 J. 

K. 
 L. 
 
 M. 

53 

Weighted average shares (in millions) EPS 2022 Net earnings Weighted average shares (in millions) EPS 2021 Net earnings Weighted average shares (in millions) EPS 
 
 million, million, and million shares of common stock for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 O. 
 
 P. period on a straight-line basis. Software developed as part of the Company's next-generation platforms are depreciated over . The Company begins to capitalize costs incurred for computer software developed for internal use when the preliminary development efforts are successfully completed, management has authorized and committed to funding the project, and it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used as intended. Capitalization ceases when a computer software project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. 
 
 54 

Q. 
 
 R. 
 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 S. million per occurrence and has also secured aggregate stop loss insurance that caps aggregate losses at a certain level in fiscal years 2012 and prior from an admitted and licensed insurance company of AIG. The Company has obtained approximately million of irrevocable standby letters of credit in favor of licensed insurance companies of AIG to secure TotalSource workers compensation obligations if ADP were to fail to reimburse AIG for workers compensation payments. The Company had drawdowns during June 30, 2023 and 2022 under the letters of credit. 
 
 million per occurrence related to workers' compensation and employer's liability deductible reimbursement insurance protection for PEO services worksite employees. Each of these reinsurance arrangements limit our overall exposure incurred up to a certain limit. The Company believes the likelihood of ultimate losses exceeding this limit is remote . ADP Indemnity paid a premium of million to enter into a reinsurance arrangement with Chubb Limited to cover substantially all losses incurred by ADP Indemnity for the fiscal 2023 policy year up to million per occurrence. ADP Indemnity paid a premium of million in July 2023 to enter into a reinsurance arrangement to cover substantially all losses for the fiscal 2024 policy year on terms substantially similar to the fiscal 2023 policy. 
 
 T. 
 
 55 

U. 

NOTE 2. 
 
 business pillars as follows: Human Capital Management HCM ), HR Outsourcing HRO ), and Global Global Solutions, with separate disaggregation for PEO zero-margin benefits pass-through revenues and client fund interest revenues. The Company believes these revenue categories depict how the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of its revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. 
 
 HCM provides a suite of product offerings that assist employers of all types and sizes in all stages of the employment cycle, from recruitment to retirement. Global is generally consistent with the types of services provided within HCM but represent geographies outside of the United States and includes our multinational offerings. HCM and Global revenues are primarily attributable to fees for providing solutions for payroll, benefits, talent, retirement services and HR processing and fees charged to implement the Company's solutions for clients. 
 
 HRO provides a comprehensive human resources outsourcing solution, including offering benefits, providing workers compensation insurance, and administering state unemployment insurance, among other human resources functions. This revenue is primarily driven by PEO. The Company has further disaggregated HRO to separate out its PEO zero-margin benefits pass-through revenues. 
 
 The Company recognizes client fund interest revenues on collected but not yet remitted funds held for clients in revenues as earned, as the collection, holding and remittance of these funds are critical components of providing these services. 
 
 HRO, excluding PEO zero-margin benefits pass-throughs PEO zero-margin benefits pass-throughs Global Interest on funds held for clients Total Revenues 
 
 56 

) HRO, excluding PEO zero-margin benefits pass-throughs ) PEO zero-margin benefits pass-throughs Global Interest on funds held for clients Total Segment Revenues ) 
 
 Reconciliation of disaggregated revenue to our reportable segments for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022: Types of Revenues Employer Services PEO Other Total HCM ) HRO, excluding PEO zero-margin benefits pass-throughs ) PEO zero-margin benefits pass-throughs Global Interest on funds held for clients Total Segment Revenues ) 
 
 Reconciliation of disaggregated revenue to our reportable segments for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021: Types of Revenues Employer Services PEO Other Total HCM ) HRO, excluding PEO zero-margin benefits pass-throughs ) PEO zero-margin benefits pass-throughs Global Interest on funds held for clients Total Segment Revenues ) 
 
 Recognition of revenue included in beginning of year contract liability ) Contract liability, net of revenue recognized on contracts during the year Currency translation adjustments ) Contract liability, June 30, 2023 
 
 57 

Deferred costs to fulfill a contract Total deferred contract costs (1) 
 
 (1) The amount of total deferred costs amortized during the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, June 30, 2022, and June 30, 2021 were million, million, and million, respectively. 

NOTE 3. ) ) Realized losses/(gains) on available-for-sale securities, net ) Impairment of assets Gain on sale of assets ) ) Non-service components of pension income, net ) ) ) Other (income)/expense, net ) ) ) 
 
 In fiscal 2023, interest income on corporate funds increased as compared to fiscal 2022, due to higher average interest rates of for the year ended June 30, 2023, as compared to for the year ended June 30, 2022, coupled with higher average investment balances for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 In fiscal 2022, the Company recorded impairment charges of million, which is comprised of million related to software and customer lists which were determined to have no future use and impairment charges of million related to operating right-of-use assets associated with exiting certain leases early. 
 
 In fiscal 2021, the Company recorded impairment charges of million which is comprised of a write down o f million related to internally developed software which was determined to have no future use, impairment charges of million related to operating right-of-use assets and certain related fixed assets associated with exiting certain leased locations early, and recognizing certain owned facilities at fair value given intent to sell and accordingly classified as held for sale. 
 
 See Note 10 of our Consolidated Financial Statements for further details on non-service components of pension income, net. 
 58 

NOTE 4. 
 
 Available-for-sale securities: Corporate bonds ) U.S. Treasury securities ) Canadian government obligations and 
 Canadian government agency obligations 
 ) U.S. government agency securities ) Asset-backed securities ) Canadian provincial bonds ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Other securities ) Total available-for-sale securities ) Total corporate investments and funds held for clients ) 
 
 (A) Included within available-for-sale securities are corporate investments with fair values of million and funds held for clients with fair values of million. All available-for-sale securities are included in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. June 30, 2022 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value (B) Type of issue: Money market securities, cash and other cash equivalents Available-for-sale securities: Corporate bonds ) U.S. Treasury securities 
 ) Asset-backed securities ) Canadian government obligations and 
 Canadian government agency obligations 
 ) U.S. government agency securities ) Canadian provincial bonds ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) Other securities ) Total available-for-sale securities ) Total corporate investments and funds held for clients ) 
 
 million and funds held for clients with fair values of million. All available-for-sale securities were included in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 59 

available-for-sale securities included in Level 1 or Level 3 at June 30, 2023. ) ) U.S. Treasury securities ) ) ) Canadian government obligations and 
 Canadian government agency obligations 
 ) ) ) U.S. government agency securities 
 ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Canadian provincial bonds ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Other securities ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 The unrealized losses and fair values of available-for-sale securities that have been in an unrealized loss position for a period of less than and greater than 12 months as of June 30, 2022 are as follows: 
 June 30, 2022 Securities in unrealized loss position less than 12 months Securities in unrealized loss position greater than 12 months Total Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Market Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Market Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Market Value Corporate bonds ) ) ) U.S. Treasury securities 
 ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Canadian government obligations and 
 Canadian government agency obligations 
 ) ) ) U.S. government agency securities 
 ) ) ) Canadian provincial bonds ) ) ) Commercial mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Other securities ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 At June 30, 2023, Corporate bonds include investment-grade debt securities, with a wide variety of issuers, industries, and sectors, primarily carry credit ratings of A and above, and have maturities ranging from July 2023 through May 2033. 
 
 At June 30, 2023, asset-backed securities include AAA-rated senior tranches of securities with predominately prime collateral of fixed-rate auto loan, credit card, and equipment lease receivables with fair values of million, million, and million, respectively. These securities are collateralized by the cash flows of the underlying pools of receivables. The 
 60 

million and million, respectively. U.S. government agency securities represent senior, unsecured, non-callable debt that primarily carry ratings of Aaa by Moody's and AA+ by Standard Poor's, with maturities ranging from December 2023 through March 2033. 
 
 At June 30, 2023, U.S. government agency commercial mortgage-backed securities of million include those issued by Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation and Federal National Mortgage Association. 
 
 At June 30, 2023, other securities primarily include municipal bonds, diversified with a variety of issuers, with credit ratings of A and above, with fair values of million, AA-rated United Kingdom Gilt securities of million and AAA-rated supranational bonds of million. 
 
 Short-term marketable securities (a) Long-term marketable securities (b) Total corporate investments 
 
 (a) - Short-term marketable securities are included within Other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (b) - Long-term marketable securities are included within Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Funds held for clients represent assets that, based upon the Company's intent, are restricted for use solely for the purposes of satisfying the obligations to remit funds relating to the Company s payroll and payroll tax filing services, which are classified as client funds obligations on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Restricted short-term marketable securities held to satisfy client funds obligations Restricted long-term marketable securities held to satisfy client funds obligations Total funds held for clients 
 
 Client funds obligations represent the Company's contractual obligations to remit funds to satisfy clients' payroll, tax and other payee payment obligations and are recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at the time that the Company impounds funds from clients. The client funds obligations represent liabilities that will be repaid within of the balance sheet date. The Company has reported client funds obligations as a current liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets totaling million and million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company has classified funds held for clients as a current asset since these funds are held solely for the purposes of satisfying the client funds obligations. Of the Company s funds held for clients at June 30, 2023, million are held in the grantor trust. The liabilities held within the trust are intercompany liabilities to other Company subsidiaries and eliminate in consolidation. 
 
 The Company has reported the cash flows related to the purchases of corporate and client funds marketable securities and related to the proceeds from the sales and maturities of corporate and client funds marketable securities on a gross basis in the investing section of the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows. The Company has reported the cash and cash equivalents related to client funds investments with original maturities of or less, within the beginning and ending balances of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and restricted cash equivalents. The Company has reported the cash flows related to the cash received from and paid on behalf of clients on a net basis within net increase in client funds obligations in the financing activities section of the Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows. 
 
 61 

One year to two years Two years to three years Three years to four years After four years Total available-for-sale securities 

NOTE 5. 
 
 Data processing equipment Furniture, leaseholds and other Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment was million, million, and million for fiscal 2023, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company has certain assets classified as held for sale given intent to sell. The fair value of these assets was approximately million and million as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and is not material for reclassification separately on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

NOTE 6. 
 
 . 
 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total operating lease cost 
 62 

Operating lease ROU assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 
 Other information related to our operating lease liabilities is as follows: 
 June 30, June 30, 2023 2022 Weighted-average remaining lease term (in years) Weighted-average discount rate Current operating lease liability 
 
 Twelve months ending June 30, 2025 Twelve months ending June 30, 2026 Twelve months ending June 30, 2027 Twelve months ending June 30, 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease obligations Less: Imputed interest ) Net lease obligations 

NOTE 7. 
 
 Additions and other adjustments Currency translation adjustments ) ) Balance at June 30, 2022 Additions and other adjustments Currency translation adjustments Balance at June 30, 2023 
 
 63 

Customer contracts and lists Other intangibles Less accumulated amortization: Software and software licenses ) ) Customer contracts and lists ) ) Other intangibles ) ) ) ) Intangible assets, net 
 
 Other intangibles consist primarily of purchased rights, purchased content, trademarks and trade names (acquired directly or through acquisitions). All intangible assets have finite lives and, as such, are subject to amortization. The weighted average remaining useful life of the intangible assets is years years for software and software licenses, years for customer contracts and lists, and year for other intangibles). Amortization of intangible assets was million, million, and million for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Twelve months ending June 30, 2025 Twelve months ending June 30, 2026 Twelve months ending June 30, 2027 Twelve months ending June 30, 2028 

NOTE 8. 
 
 billion, -day credit agreement that matures in June 2024 with a one-year term-out option. T he Company also has a five year billion credit facility maturing in June 2026 that contains an accordion feature under which the aggregate commitment can be increased by million , subject to the availability of additional commitments. In addition, t h e Company also has a billion credit facility that matures in June 2028 that contains an accordion feature under which the aggregate commitment can be increased by million , subject to the availability of additional commitments. The interest rate applicable to committed borrowings is tied to SOFR, the effective federal funds rate, or the prime rate depending on the notification provided by the Company to the syndicated financial institutions prior to borrowing. The Company is also required to pay facility fees on the credit agreements. The primary uses of the credit fac ilities are to provide liquidity to the commercial paper program and funding for general corporate purposes, if necessary. The Company had b orrowings through June 30, 2023 and 2022 under the credit agreements. 
 
 The Company's U.S. short-term funding requirements related to client funds are sometimes obtained on an unsecured basis through the issuance of commercial paper, rather than liquidating previously-collected client funds that have already been invested in available-for-sale securities. This commercial paper program provides for the issuance of up to billion in aggregate maturity value. The Company s commercial paper program is rated A-1+ by Standard Poor s, Prime-1 P-1 by Moody s and F1+ by Fitch. These ratings denote the highest quality commercial paper securities. Maturities of commercial paper can range from overnight to up to days. At June 30, 2023 and 2022 the Company had co mmercial paper borrowing outstanding. 
 
 Weighted average interest rates Weighted average maturity (approximately in days) days day 
 
 64 

million and million, respectively, of outstanding obligations related to the reverse repurchase agreements. 
 
 Weighted average interest rates 

NOTE 9. 
 
 and -years totaling billion (collectively the Notes ). The Notes are senior unsecured obligations, and interest is payable in arrears, semi-annually. 
 
 notes due September 15, 2025 
 Fixed-rate notes due September 1, 2030 
 Fixed-rate notes due May 15, 2028 
 Other Less: current portion (a) ) ) Less: unamortized discount and debt issuance costs ) ) Total long-term debt 
 
 (a) - Current portion of long-term debt as of June 30, 2023 is included within Accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The effective interest rates for the Notes include the interest on the Notes and amortization of the discount and debt issuance costs. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the fair value of the Notes, based on Level 2 inputs, was million. For a description of the fair value hierarchy and the Company's fair value methodologies, including the use of an independent third-party pricing service, see Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. 

NOTE 10. 
 
 years. Awards are generally forfeited if the employee ceases to be employed by the Company prior to vesting. 
 65 

performance period and a subsequent service period of up to months. Under these programs, the Company communicates target awards at the beginning of the performance period with possible payouts at the end of the performance period ranging from to of the target awards. Awards are generally forfeited if the employee ceases to be employed by the Company prior to vesting. 
 
 Performance-based restricted stock units cannot be transferred and are settled in either cash or stock, depending on the employee's home country. Compensation expense relating to the issuance of performance-based restricted stock units settled in cash is recognized over the vesting period initially based on the fair value of the award on the grant date with subsequent adjustments to the number of units awarded during the performance period based on probable and actual performance against targets. In addition, compensation expense is remeasured at each reporting period during the vesting period based on the change in the ADP stock price. Compensation expense relating to the issuance of performance-based restricted stock units settled in stock is recorded over the vesting period based on the fair value of the award on the grant date with subsequent adjustments to the number of units awarded based on the probable and actual performance against targets. Dividend equivalents are paid on awards under the performance-based restricted stock unit program. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. The Company offers an employee stock purchase plan that allows eligible employees to purchase shares of common stock at a price equal to of the market value for the Company's common stock on the last day of the offering period. This plan has been deemed non-compensatory and, therefore, no compensation expense has been recorded. 
 
 The Company currently utilizes treasury stock to satisfy stock option exercises, issuances under the Company's employee stock purchase plan, and restricted stock awards. From time to time, the Company may repurchase shares of its common stock under its authorized share repurchase program. The Company repurchased million shares in fiscal 2023 as compared to million shares repurchased in fiscal 2022. The Company considers several factors in determining when to execute share repurchases, including, among other things, actual and potential acquisition activity, cash balances and cash flows, issuances due to employee benefit plan activity, and market conditions. Cash payments related to the settlement of vested time-based restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units were approximately million, million, and million during fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses System development and programming costs Total pretax stock-based compensation expense Income tax benefit 
 
 As of June 30, 2023, the total remaining unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options, restricted stock units, and restricted stock awards amounted to million, million, and million, respectively, which will be amortized over the weighted-average remaining requisite service periods of years, years, and years, respectively. 
 
 66 

Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited/cancelled ) Options outstanding at June 30, 2023 Options exercisable at June 30, 2023 Shares available for future grants, end of year Shares reserved for issuance under stock option plans, end of year 
 
 Restricted shares/units granted Restricted shares/units vested ) ) Restricted shares/units forfeited ) ) Restricted shares/units outstanding at June 30, 2023 
 
 Restricted shares/units granted Restricted shares/units vested ) ) Restricted shares/units forfeited ) ) Restricted shares/units outstanding at June 30, 2023 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding stock options and exercisable stock options as of June 30, 2023 was million and million, respectively, which have a remaining life of years and years, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value for stock options exercised in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 Dividend yield N/A Weighted average volatility factor N/A Weighted average expected life (in years) N/A Weighted average fair value (in dollars) N/A 
 
 67 

Time-based restricted stock 
 
 B. Pension Plans 
 
 The Company has a defined benefit cash balance pension plan. The U.S. pension plan, which is currently closed to new entrants, was frozen effective July 1, 2020. As of July 1, 2020 and onward, participants will retain their accrued benefits and will not accrue any future benefits due to pay and/or service. The plan interest credit rate varies from year-to-year based on the ten-year U.S. Treasury rate. The Company's policy is to make contributions within the range determined by generally accepted actuarial principles. 
 
 The Company also has various retirement plans for its non-U.S. employees and maintains a Supplemental Officers Retirement Plan SORP ). The SORP is a defined benefit plan pursuant to which the Company pays supplemental pension benefits to certain corporate officers upon retirement based upon the officers' years of service and compensation. The SORP, which is currently closed to new entrants, was frozen effective , with no future accruals due to pay and/or service. 
 
 A June 30 measurement date was used in determining the Company's benefit obligations and fair value of plan assets. 
 
 The Company is required to (a) recognize in its Consolidated Balance Sheets an asset for a plan's net overfunded status or a liability for a plan's net underfunded status, (b) measure a plan's assets and its obligations that determine its funded status as of the end of the employer's fiscal year, and (c) recognize changes in the funded status of a defined benefit plan in the year in which the changes occur in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Currency translation adjustments ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Change in benefit obligation: Benefit obligation at beginning of year Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gain (a) ) ) Currency translation adjustments ) ) Plan changes Acquisitions Benefits paid ) ) Projected benefit obligation at end of year Funded status - plan assets less benefit obligations 
 (a) The actuarial gain for fiscal 2023 was primarily due to a higher discount rate used to value plan liabilities. 
 68 

Current liabilities ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) Net amount recognized 
 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was million and million at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Fair value of plan assets 
 
 Fair value of plan assets 
 
 Interest cost on projected benefits Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Net amortization and deferral Special termination benefits, plan curtailments, and settlement charges Net pension (income)/expense ) ) ) 
 
 The net actuarial loss and prior service cost for the defined benefit pension plans that are included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) that have not yet been recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost are million and million, respectively, at June 30, 2023. There is no remaining transition obligation for the defined benefit pension plans included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 Interest crediting rate Increase in compensation levels N/A N/A 
 
 69 

Interest crediting rate Expected long-term rate of return on assets Increase in compensation levels N/A N/A 
 
 The discount rate is based upon published rates for high-quality fixed-income investments that produce cash flows that approximate the timing and amount of expected future benefit payments. 
 
 The interest crediting rate is based on the current and expected future ten-year U.S. Treasury rates and a minimum of . 
 
 The expected long-term rate of return on assets is determined based on historical and expected future rates of return on plan assets considering the target asset mix and the long-term investment strategy. 
 
 Plan Assets 
 
 Fixed income securities U.S. equity securities International equity securities Global equity securities 
 
 The Company's pension plans' asset investment strategy is designed to ensure prudent management of assets, consistent with long-term return objectives and the prompt fulfillment of all pension plan obligations. The investment strategy and asset mix were developed in coordination with an asset liability study conducted by external consultants to maximize the funded ratio with the least amount of volatility. 
 
 The pension plans' assets are currently invested in various asset classes with differing expected rates of return, correlations, and volatilities, including large capitalization and small capitalization U.S. equities, international equities, U.S. fixed income securities, and cash. 
 
 - 
 U.S. equity securities - 
 International equity securities - 
 Global equity securities - 

As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the U.S. pension plan asset allocation is within the target ranges. 
 
 The pension plans' fixed income portfolio is designed to match the duration and liquidity characteristics of the pension plans' liabilities. In addition, the pension plans invest only in investment-grade debt securities to ensure preservation of capital. The pension plans' equity portfolios are subject to diversification guidelines to reduce the impact of losses in single investments. Investment managers are prohibited from buying or selling commodities and from the short selling of securities. 
 
 None of the pension plans' assets are directly invested in the Company's stock, although the pension plans may hold a minimal amount of Company stock to the extent of the Company's participation in equity indices. 
 
 70 

Government securities Mutual funds Corporate and municipal bonds Mortgage-backed security bonds Total pension asset investments 
 
 In addition to the investments in the above table, the pension plans also held cash and cash equivalents of million as of June 30, 2023, which have been classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The following table presents the investments of the pension plans measured at fair value at June 30, 2022: Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Commingled trusts U.S. government securities Mutual funds Corporate and municipal bonds Mortgage-backed security bonds Total pension asset investments 
 
 million as of June 30, 2022, which have been classified as Level 1 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Contributions 
 
 During fiscal 2023, the Company contributed million to the pension plans. The Company expects to contribute million to the pension plans during fiscal 2024. 
 
 Estimated Future Benefit Payments 
 
 The benefits expected to be paid in each year from fiscal 2024 to the year ended June 30, 2028 are million, million, million, million, and million, respectively. The aggregate benefits expected to be paid in the five fiscal years from the year ended June 30, 2029 to the year ended June 30, 2033 are million. The expected benefits to be paid are based on the same assumptions used to measure the Company's pension plans' benefit obligations at June 30, 2023 and includes estimated future employee service. 
 
 C. Retirement and Savings Plan. The Company has a 401(k) retirement and savings plan, which allows eligible employees to contribute up to of their compensation annually and allows highly compensated employees to contribute up to of their compensation annually. The Company matches a portion of employee contributions, which amounted to approximately million, million, and million for the calendar years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 71 

NOTE 11. 
 
 Foreign 
 
 Foreign State Total current Deferred: Federal ) ) Foreign ) ) State ) ) Total deferred ) ) Total provision for income taxes 
 
 Increase/(decrease) in provision from: State taxes, net of federal tax benefit Foreign rate differential Excess tax benefit - Stock-based compensation ) ) ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 The effective tax rate in fiscal 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to an intercompany transfer of certain assets that resulted in a lower effective tax rate in fiscal 2022 and higher reserves for uncertain tax positions in fiscal 2023. 
 
 The effective tax rate for fiscal 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate is primarily due to a favorable earnings mix, lower reserves for uncertain tax positions, and an intercompany transfer of certain assets in fiscal 2022, partially offset by favorable adjustments to prior year tax liabilities and a foreign tax election in fiscal 2021. 

72 

Stock-based compensation expense Foreign tax credits Fixed and intangible assets Net operating losses Prepaid royalty Unrealized investment losses, net Other Less: valuation allowances ) ) Deferred tax assets, net Deferred tax liabilities: Deferred revenue Fixed and intangible assets Prepaid expenses Prepaid retirement benefits Tax on unrepatriated earnings Other Deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax (assets)/liabilities ) ) 
 
 There are million and million of long-term deferred tax assets included in other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 Income taxes have not been provided on undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries in an aggregate amount of approximately million a s the Company considers such earnings to be permanently reinvested outside of the United States. As of June 30, 2023, it is not practicable to estimate the unrecognized tax liability that would occur upon distribution. 
 
 The Company has estimated foreign net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately million as of June 30, 2023, of which million expire through June 2033 and million have an indefinite utilization period. As of June 30, 2023, the Company has approximately million of federal net operating loss carry-forwards from acquired companies. The net operating losses have an annual utilization limitation pursuant to section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and expire through June 2036. 
 
 The Company has state net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately million as of June 30, 2023, which expire through June 2042. The Company has recorded valuation allowances of million and million at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, to reflect the estimated amount of domestic and foreign deferred tax assets that may not be realized. 
 
 Income tax payments were appr oximately million, million, and million for fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 As of June 30, 2023, 2022, and 2021 the Company's liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, which include interest and penalties, we re million, million, and million respectively. The amount that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate is million, million, and million, respectively. The remainder, if recognized, would principally impact deferred taxes. 
 
 73 

Additions for tax positions Additions for tax positions of prior periods Reductions for tax positions of prior periods ) ) ) Settlement with tax authorities ) ) ) Expiration of the statute of limitations ) ) ) Impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations ) ) Unrecognized tax benefit at end of year 
 
 Interest expense and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions have been recorded in the provision for income taxes on the Statements of Consolidated Earnings. During the fiscal years 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Company recorded interest expense of million, million, and million, respectively. Penalties recorded during fiscal years 2023 and 2021 were not significant. During fiscal year 2022, the Company recorded penalties of million. 
 
 At June 30, 2023, the Company had accrued interest of million recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets within other liabilities. At June 30, 2022, the Company had accrued interest of million recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, of which million was recorded within income taxes payable, and the remainder was recorded within other liabilities. At June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the Company s accrued penalties recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets within other liabilities were not material. At June 30, 2022, the Company's accrued penalties of million, were recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets within income taxes payable. 
 
 The Company is routinely examined by the IRS and tax authorities in foreign countries in which it conducts business, as well as tax authorities in states in which it has significant business operations. The tax years currently under examination vary by jurisdiction. 
 
 Arizona - 
 Illinois - 
 Massachusetts - 
 New York City - 
 New York State - 
 India - , - 

The Company regularly considers the likelihood of assessments resulting from examinations in each of the jurisdictions. The resolution of tax matters is not expected to have a material effect on the consolidated financial condition of the Company, although a resolution could have a material impact on the Company's Statements of Consolidated Earnings for a particular future period and on the Company's effective tax rate. 

74 

NOTE 12. 
 
 million, including a reinsurance premium with Chubb for the fiscal 2024 policy year, as well as obligations related to software license agreements, and purchase and maintenance agreements on our software, equipment, and other assets, of which million relates to fiscal 2024, million relates to the fiscal years ending June 30, 2025 through fiscal 2026 and the remaining relates to fiscal years ending June 30, 2027 through fiscal 2028. 
 
 In May 2020, a putative class action complaint was filed against ADP, TotalSource and related defendants in the U.S. District Court, District of New Jersey. The complaint asserts violations of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA in connection with the ADP TotalSource Retirement Savings Plan s fiduciary administrative and investment decision-making. The complaint seeks statutory and other unspecified monetary damages, injunctive relief and attorney s fees. These claims are still in their early stages and the Company is unable to estimate any reasonably possible loss, or range of loss, with respect to this matter. The Company intends to vigorously defend against this lawsuit. A second putative class action complaint, also filed in May 2020 against TotalSource and covering similar claims, has been dismissed. 
 
 The Company is subject to various claims, litigation, and regulatory compliance matters in the normal course of business. When a loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, the Company records a liability in the amount of its best estimate for the ultimate loss. Management currently believes that the resolution of these claims, litigation and regulatory compliance matters against us, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. These matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and management's view of these matters may change in the future. 
 
 It is not the Company s business practice to enter into off-balance sheet arrangements. In the normal course of business, the Company may enter into contracts in which it makes representations and warranties that relate to the performance of the Company s services and products. The Company does not expect any material losses related to such representations and warranties. 
 
 75 

NOTE 13. million, million, and million in fiscal 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively.) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) before reclassification adjustments ) ) Tax effect ) Reclassification adjustments to net earnings ) (A) (C) (B) Tax effect ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) before reclassification adjustments ) ) ) ) Tax effect Reclassification adjustments to net earnings (A) (C) (B) Tax effect ) ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2022 ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income/(loss) before reclassification adjustments ) ) Tax effect ) Reclassification adjustments to net earnings (A) (C) ) (B) Tax effect ) ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 (A) Reclassification adjustments out of AOCI are included within Other (income)/expense, net, on the Statements of Consolidated Earnings. 
 
 (B) Reclassification adjustments out of AOCI are included in net pension (income)/expense (see Note 10). 
 
 (C) Reclassification adjustments out of AOCI are included in Interest expense on the Statements of Consolidated Earnings (see Note 9). 
 76 

NOTE 14. 
 
 reportable segments: Employer Services and PEO Services. The primary components of the Other segment are certain corporate overhead charges and expenses that have not been allocated to the reportable segments, including corporate functions, costs related to our transformation office, legal settlements, severance costs, non-recurring gains and losses, the elimination of intercompany transactions, and interest income and expense. Certain revenues and expenses are charged to the reportable segments at a standard rate for management reasons. Other costs are recorded based on management responsibility. The Company's Chief Operating Decision Maker does not review assets at the reportable segment level, hence segment disclosure relating to total assets has not been provided . 
 ) Earnings before income taxes ) Capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization Year ended June 30, 2022 Revenues ) Earnings before income taxes ) Capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization Year ended June 30, 2021 Revenues ) Earnings before income taxes ) Capital expenditures Depreciation and amortization 
 Assets Year ended June 30, 2022 Revenues Assets Year ended June 30, 2021 Revenues Assets 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Attached as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K are certifications of ADP's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, which are required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 
 77 

Exchange Act ). This Controls and Procedures section should be read in conjunction with the report of Deloitte Touche LLP that appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is hereby incorporated herein by reference. 
 Management's Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company carried out an evaluation (the evaluation ), under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on the evaluation, the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of June 30, 2023 in ensuring that (i) information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and (ii) such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 It is the responsibility of Automatic Data Processing, Inc.'s ADP management to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to ADP's management and board of directors regarding the preparation of reliable financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 ADP's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of ADP; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of ADP are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of ADP; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of ADP's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements of ADP. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Management has performed an assessment of the effectiveness of ADP s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023 based upon criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management determined that ADP s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2023. 
 Deloitte Touche LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited and reported on the consolidated financial statements of ADP included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on the operating effectiveness of ADP's internal control over financial reporting. The Deloitte Touche LLP attestation report is set forth below. 
 /s/ Maria Black Maria Black Chief Executive Officer /s/ Don McGuire Don McGuire Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Roseland, New Jersey 
 August 3, 2023 
 78 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in ADP's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, ADP's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 79 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 Automatic Data Processing, Inc. 
 Roseland, New Jersey 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of June 30, 2023 , based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023 , based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2023 , of the Company and our report dated August 3, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Morristown, New Jersey 
 August 3, 2023 
 
 80 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 During the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2023, none of the Company s directors or executive officers or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of Company securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 
 
 On August 3, 2023, the Board of Directors (the "Board") of the Company amended and restated the Company's By-Laws to eliminate reference to the Board's retirement policy under Section 2.02 since the Company's Corporate Governance Principles contain this policy. The full text of the amended and restated By-Laws is attached hereto as Exhibit 3.2 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 None. 
 81 

Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The executive officers of the Company, their ages, positions, and the period during which they have been employed by ADP are as follows: Employed by Name Age Position ADP Since Brock Albinson 48 Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer 2007 John Ayala 56 Chief Operating Officer 2002 Maria Black 49 President and Chief Executive Officer 1996 Paul Boland 59 Chief Human Resources Officer 2017 Michael A. Bonarti 57 Chief Administrative Officer 1997 Chris D'Ambrosio 42 Chief Strategy Officer 2014 Joe DeSilva 48 President, Global Sales 2003 Sreeni Kutam 53 President, Global Product and Innovation 2014 David Kwon 53 Chief Legal Officer/General Counsel 2011 Don McGuire 63 Chief Financial Officer 1998 Carlos A. Rodriguez 58 Executive Chair 1999 
 
 Brock Albinson joined ADP in 2007. Prior to his appointment as Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer in March 2015, he served as Assistant Corporate Controller from December 2011 to February 2015, as Vice President, Corporate Finance from January 2011 to December 2011, and as Vice President, Financial Policy from March 2007 to January 2011. 
 John Ayala joined ADP in 2002. Prior to his appointment as Chief Operating Officer in January 2022, he served as President, Employer Services North America from March 2020 to December 2021, as President, Major Account Services and ADP Canada from January 2017 to February 2020, as President, Small Business Services, Retirement Services and Insurance Services from July 2014 to December 2016, as Vice President, Client Experience and Continuous Improvement from November 2012 to June 2014, as Senior Vice President, Services and Operations - Small Business Services from February 2012 to October 2012, as President, TotalSource from July 2011 to January 2012, and as Senior Vice President, Service and Operations, TotalSource from June 2008 to June 2011. 
 Maria Black joined ADP in 1996. Prior to her appointment as President and Chief Executive Officer in January 2023, she served as President, ADP from January 2022 to December 2022, as President, Worldwide Sales and Marketing from March 2020 to December 2021, as President, Small Business Solutions and Human Resources Outsourcing from January 2017 to February 2020, as President, ADP TotalSource from July 2014 to December 2016, as General Manager, ADP United Kingdom from April 2013 to June 2014, and as General Manager, Employer Services - TotalSource Western Central Region from January 2008 to March 2013. 
 
 Paul Boland joined ADP in 2017. Prior to his appointment as Chief Human Resources Officer in June 2023, he served as Interim Chief Human Resources Officer from November 2022 to June 2023, as Senior Vice President, Human Resources, Employer Services International from September 2021 to November 2022, as Division Vice President, HR, for Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), GlobalView, Asia Pacific and Latin America from July 2018 to September 2021, and as Vice President, HR for EMEA from May 2017 to July 2018. Prior to joining ADP, he served as Vice President, HR, EMEA with Allergan plc. 
 
 Michael A. Bonarti joined ADP in 1997. Prior to his appointment as Chief Administrative Officer in July 2021, he served as Corporate Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from July 2010 to June 2021. 
 
 Chris D Ambrosio joined ADP in 2014. Prior to his appointment as Chief Strategy Officer in June 2021, he served as Senior Vice President, General Manager, Insurance Services, Small Business Services from January 2019 to June 2021, and as Senior Division Vice President of Strategy and Business Development, Small Business Services and Human Resources Outsourcing from December 2017 to January 2019, as Division Vice President of Strategy and Business Development, Human 
 82 

Resources Outsourcing from February 2017 to December 2017, and Division Vice President of Strategy, Human Resources Outsourcing from March 2016 to February 2017. 
 Joe DeSilva joined ADP in 2003. Prior to his appointment as President, Global Sales in January 2022, he served as President, Small Business Services, Retirement Services and Insurance Services from February 2020 to December 2021, as Senior Vice President, Services Operations, Small Business Services from May 2017 to February 2020, as Senior Vice President/General Manager, Retirement Services from June 2015 to May 2017, and as Senior Vice President, Sales, Retirement Services from May 2013 to June 2015. 
 Sreeni Kutam joined ADP in 2014. Prior to his appointment as President, Global Product and Innovation in January 2023, he served as Chief Human Resources Officer from June 2018 to December 2022, as Interim Chief Human Resources Officer from January 2018 to June 2018, as Division Vice President, Human Resources, Major Account Services from May 2016 to January 2018, and as Vice President, HR Strategy and Planning from January 2014 to April 2016. Prior to joining ADP, he was an HR consultant. 
 
 David Kwon joined ADP in 2011. Prior to his appointment as Corporate Vice President, Chief Legal Officer/General Counsel in July 2021, he served as Staff Vice President and Associate General Counsel Global Compliance from March 2019 to June 2021, and as Staff Vice President and Associate General Counsel Litigation from July 2012 to March 2019 . 
 Don McGuire joined ADP in 1998. Prior to his appointment as Chief Financial Officer in October 2021, he served as President, Employer Services International from June 2018 to September 2021, as President, Global Enterprise Solutions EMEA/Streamline from July 2016 to June 2018, as Senior Vice President, General Manager, Asia Pacific Region from December 2012 to June 2016, and as General Manager, ADP United Kingdom/Ireland from September 2007 to December 2012. 
 Carlos A. Rodriguez joined ADP in 1999. Prior to his appointment as Executive Chair in January 2023, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer from November 2011 to December 2022, as President and Chief Operating Officer from May 2011 to November 2011, and as President, Employer Services International - National Account Services, ADP Canada, and GlobalView and Employer Services International, from March 2010 to May 2011. 
 
 Directors 
 See Election of Directors in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Code of Ethics 
 ADP has adopted a code of ethics that applies to its principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and persons performing similar functions. The code of ethics may be viewed online on ADP s website at www.adp.com under Investor Relations in the Corporate Governance section. Any amendment to or waivers from the code of ethics will be disclosed on our website within four business days following the date of the amendment or waiver. 
 Insider Trading Policy 
 Our Company maintains an insider trading policy to provide guidelines to all directors, officers, associates and consultants of ADP with respect to trading in ADP securities, as well as the securities of publicly traded companies with whom ADP has a business relationship. The policy prohibits trading by any person while in possession of material non-public information in violation of applicable law and provides for restricted periods and pre-clearance procedures for our directors and officers and certain other specified persons, as well as other related policies and procedures. We believe that the insider trading policy is reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations and listing standards applicable to ADP. 
 
 Audit Committee; Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 See Corporate Governance - Committees of the Board of Directors and Audit Committee Report in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 83 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 See Corporate Governance, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Compensation and Management Development Committee Report, Compensation of Executive Officers, Potential Payments to Named Executive Officers Upon Termination or Change in Control, CEO Pay Ratio, Pay versus Performance, and Compensation of Non-Employee Directors in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 See Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 See Election of Directors and Corporate Governance in the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 See Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm's Fees in the Proxy Statement for the Company's 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which information is incorporated herein by reference. 

Part IV 
 
 1. Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 1. Financial Statements 
 The following report and Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company are contained in Part II, Item 8 hereof: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 Statements of Consolidated Earnings - years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 Statements of Consolidated Comprehensive Income - years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 Statements of Consolidated Stockholders' Equity - years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows - years ended June 30, 2023, 2022 and 2021 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules Page in Form 10-K Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 88 
 
 All other Schedules have been omitted because they are inapplicable, are not required or the information is included elsewhere in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (b) Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K or incorporated herein by reference to the document set forth next to the exhibit in the list below: 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated November 10, 1998 - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Registration Statement No. 333-72023 on Form S-4 filed with the Commission on February 9, 1999 
 84 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company, dated August 3, 2023 4.1 
 Description of Common Stock 4.2 
 Form of Indenture between the Company and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-206631), filed on August 28, 2015 4.3 
 Form of First Supplemental Indenture between Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on September 15, 2015 4.4 
 Form of 3.375 Senior Note due 2025 - incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on September 15, 2015 4.5 
 Form of First Supplemental Indenture between Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 11, 2020 and filed on August 13, 2020 4.6 
 Form of 1.250 Senior Note due 2030 - incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 11, 2020 and filed on August 13, 2020 4.7 
 Form of Second Supplemental Indenture between Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 11, 2021 and filed on May 14, 2021 4.8 
 Form of 1.700 Senior Note due 2028 - incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 11, 2021 and filed on May 14, 2021 10.1 
 364-Day Credit Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2023, among Automatic Data Processing, Inc., the Lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., BNP Paribas, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as Syndication Agents, and Barclays Bank PLC and MUFG Bank, Ltd., as Documentation Agents - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on June 30, 2023 10.2 
 Five-Year Credit Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2023, among Automatic Data Processing, Inc., the Lenders party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., BNP Paribas, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as Syndication Agents, and Barclays Bank PLC and MUFG Bank, Ltd., as Documentation Agents - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated and filed on June 30, 2023 10.3 
 Amendment Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2023, relating to the Five-Year Credit Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2021, among Automatic Data Processing, Inc., the Lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent 10.4 
 Five-Year Credit Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2021, among Automatic Data Processing, Inc., the Lenders Party thereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., BNP Paribas, Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., as Syndication Agents, and Barclays Bank PLC and MUFG Bank Ltd., as Documentation Agents - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 9, 2021 and filed on June 10, 2021 10.5 
 Amended and Restated Supplemental Officers Retirement Plan - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.6 
 Automatic Data Processing, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, as Amended and Restated Effective October 14, 2020 - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2020 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.7 
 Automatic Data Processing, Inc. Change in Control Severance Plan for Corporate Officers, as amended - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2014 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.8 
 Automatic Data Processing, Inc. Amended and Restated Employees Savings-Stock Purchase Plan, effective as of November 9, 2022 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.9 
 Automatic Data Processing, Inc. Executive Retirement Plan - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2015 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.10 
 Automatic Data Processing, Inc. Retirement and Savings Restoration Plan (Amended and Restated as of February 3, 2020) - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2020 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.11 
 Automatic Data Processing, Inc. Corporate Officer Severance Plan - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2015 (Management Compensatory Plan) 
 85 

10.12 
 Automatic Data Processing, Inc. Change in Control Severance Plan for Corporate Officers (as amended) (Management Compensatory Plan) - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 6, 2018 and filed on November 13, 2018 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.13 
 Automatic Data Processing, Inc. Amended and Restated 2008 Omnibus Award Plan (as amended and restated as of April 11, 2018, the "2008 Omnibus Award Plan") - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2018 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.14 
 French Sub Plan under the 2008 Omnibus Award Plan effective as of January 26, 2012 - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2012 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.15 
 Amended French Sub Plan under the 2008 Omnibus Award Plan effective as of April 6, 2016 (Management Compensatory Plan) - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.16 
 Form of Deferred Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2008 Omnibus Award Plan - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2012 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.17 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement under the 2008 Omnibus Award Plan (Form for Employees) - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2014 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.18 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement under the 2008 Omnibus Award Plan (Form for Corporate Officers) - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2015 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.19 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement under the 2008 Omnibus Award Plan (Form for Corporate Officers) - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2016 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.20 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement under the 2008 Omnibus Award Plan for grants beginning September 1, 2017 (Management Compensatory Plan) - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2017 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.21 
 Automatic Data Processing, Inc. 2018 Omnibus Award Plan (the "2018 Omnibus Award Plan") - incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Form Schedule 14A dated September 20, 2018 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.22 
 French Sub Plan under the 2018 Omnibus Award Plan (Adopted January 15, 2019) (Management Compensatory Plan) - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2018 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.23 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement under the 2018 Omnibus Award Plan (Management Compensatory Plan) - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 6, 2018 and filed on November 13, 2018 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.24 
 Form of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2018 Omnibus Award Plan (Management Compensatory Plan) - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 6, 2018 and filed on November 13, 2018 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.25 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2018 Omnibus Award Plan (Management Compensatory Plan) - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 6, 2018 and filed on November 13, 2018 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.26 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement under the 2018 Omnibus Award Plan for grants beginning September 1, 2021 - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.27 
 Form of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2018 Omnibus Award Plan for grants beginning September 1, 2021 - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.28 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2018 Omnibus Award Plan for grants beginning September 1, 2021 - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2021 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.29 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2018 Omnibus Award Plan for grants beginning September 1, 2022 - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 (Management Compensatory Plan) 
 86 

10.30 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2018 Omnibus Award Plan for grants beginning September 1, 2022 - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.31 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2018 Omnibus Award Plan for grants beginning September 1, 2023 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.32 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2018 Omnibus Award Plan for grants beginning September 1, 2023 (Management Compensatory Plan) 10.33 
 ADP Canada Co. Supplementary Excess Retirement Plan, Amended and Restated as of August 1, 2018 (Management Compensatory Plan) - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2022 10.34 
 Compensation letter for Don McGuire, dated September 2021, and relocation addendum, dated October 26, 2021, by and between Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and Don McGuire - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2021 10.35 
 Separation Agreement and Release, dated January 30, 2023, by and between Don Weinstein and Automatic Data Processing, Inc. - incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 19.1 
 ADP Insider Trading Policy, effective April 13, 2023 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 23 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 31.1 
 Certification by Maria Black pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 31.2 
 Certification by Don McGuire pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 32.1 
 Certification by Maria Black pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 
 Certification by Don McGuire pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document 
 
 87 

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ) ) (B) Long-term (B) Deferred tax valuation allowance ) Year ended June 30, 2022: Allowance for doubtful accounts: Current ) ) (B) Long-term ) (B) Deferred tax valuation allowance ) ) Year ended June 30, 2021: Allowance for doubtful accounts: Current ) (B) Long-term ) (B) Deferred tax valuation allowance ) 
 
 (A) 
 (B) . 
 
 88 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. (Registrant) August 3, 2023 By /s/ Maria Black Maria Black President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Maria Black President and Chief Executive August 3, 2023 (Maria Black) Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Don McGuire Chief Financial Officer August 3, 2023 (Don McGuire) (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Brock Albinson Corporate Controller August 3, 2023 (Brock Albinson) (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Peter Bisson Director August 3, 2023 (Peter Bisson) /s/ David V. Goeckeler Director August 3, 2023 (David V. Goeckeler) /s/ Linnie M. Haynesworth Director August 3, 2023 (Linnie M. Haynesworth) /s/ John P. Jones Director August 3, 2023 (John P. Jones) /s/ Francine S. Katsoudas Director August 3, 2023 (Francine S. Katsoudas) 
 
 89 

90 

/s/ Nazzic S. Keene Director August 3, 2023 (Nazzic S. Keene) /s/ Thomas J. Lynch Director August 3, 2023 (Thomas J. Lynch) /s/ Scott F. Powers Director August 3, 2023 (Scott F. Powers) /s/ William J. Ready Director August 3, 2023 (William J. Ready) /s/ Carlos A. Rodriguez Executive Chair, Director August 3, 2023 (Carlos A. Rodriguez) /s/ Sandra S. Wijnberg Director August 3, 2023 (Sandra S. Wijnberg) 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 exhibit32q4fy23.htm
 EXHIBIT 3.2

Document 

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. 
 
 BY-LAWS 
 
 As Amended and Restated on August 3, 2023 

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. 
 
 BY-LAWS 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SECTION PAGE ARTICLE I STOCKHOLDERS 1 
 Section 1.01. Annual Meetings 1 Section 1.02. Special Meetings 3 Section 1.03. Notice of Meetings Waiver 5 Section 1.04. Quorum 5 Section 1.05. Voting 5 Section 1.06. Voting by Ballot 6 Section 1.07. Adjournment 6 Section 1.08. Proxies 6 Section 1.09. Organization Procedure 6 Section 1.10. Inspectors of Elections 7 Section 1.11. Opening and Closing of Polls 7 Section 1.12. Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting 7 
 
 ARTICLE II BOARD OF DIRECTORS 8 
 Section 2.01. General Powers 8 Section 2.02. Number and Term of Office 8 Section 2.03. Election of Directors 8 Section 2.04. Director Nominations 8 Section 2.05. Proxy Access for Director Nominations 10 Section 2.06. Annual and Regular Meetings 17 Section 2.07. Special Meetings Notice 18 Section 2.08. Quorum Voting 18 Section 2.09. Adjournment 18 Section 2.10. Action Without a Meeting 18 Section 2.11. Regulations Manner of Acting 18 Section 2.12. Action by Telephonic Communications 18 Section 2.13. Resignations 19 Section 2.14. Removal of Directors 19 Section 2.15. Vacancies and Newly Created Directorships 19 Section 2.16. Compensation 19 Section 2.17. Reliance on Accounts and Reports, etc. 19 Section 2.18. Honorary Directors 19 

ARTICLE III AUDIT COMMITTEE, COMPENSATION COMMITTEE, NOMINATING CORPORATE GOVERANCE COMMITTEE AND OTHER COMMITTEES 20 
 Section 3.01. How Constituted 20 Section 3.02. Powers Duties and Responsibilities 20 Section 3.03. Proceedings 21 Section 3.04. Quorum and Manner of Acting 21 Section 3.05. Action by Telephonic Communications 21 Section 3.06. Absent or Disqualified Members 21 Section 3.07. Resignations 21 Section 3.08. Removal 21 Section 3.09. Vacancies 22 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 OFFICERS 22 
 Section 4.01. Number 22 Section 4.02. Election 22 Section 4.03. Salaries 22 Section 4.04. Removal and Resignation Vacancies 22 Section 4.05. Authority and Duties of Officers 22 Section 4.06. Board Chair 23 Section 4.07. President 23 Section 4.08. Vice Presidents 23 Section 4.09. Secretary 23 Section 4.10. Treasurer 23 Section 4.11. Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers 24 Section 4.12. Security 24 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 CAPITAL STOCK 24 
 Section 5.01. Certificates of Stock, Uncertificated Shares 24 Section 5.02. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates 25 Section 5.03. Transfer of Stock 25 Section 5.04. Record Date 25 Section 5.05. Registered Stockholders 25 Section 5.06. Transfer Agent and Registrar 26 

ARTICLE VI 
 INDEMNIFICATION 26 
 Section 6.01. Nature of Indemnity 26 Section 6.02. Successful Defense 26 Section 6.03. Determination that Indemnification Is Proper 27 Section 6.04. Advance Payment of Expenses 27 Section 6.05. Procedure for Indemnification of Directors and Officers 27 Section 6.06. Survival Preservation of Other Rights 28 Section 6.07. Insurance 28 Section 6.08. Severability 28 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 GENERAL PROVISIONS 29 
 Section 7.01. Dividends 29 Section 7.02. Reserves 29 Section 7.03. Execution of Instruments 29 Section 7.04. Corporate Indebtedness 29 Section 7.05. Fiscal Year 30 Section 7.06. Seal 30 Section 7.07. Books and Records Inspection 30 Section 7.08 Exclusive Forum 30 
 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 AMENDMENT OF BY-LAWS 31 
 Section 8.01. Amendment 31 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 CONSTRUCTION 31 
 Section 9.01. Construction 31 

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. 
 
 BY-LAWS 
 
 As Amended and Restated on August 3, 2023 
 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 STOCKHOLDERS 
 
 Section 1.01. Annual Meetings . The annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation for the election of directors and for the transaction of such other business as properly may come before such meeting shall be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, and at such date and hour, as may be fixed from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors and set forth in the notice or waiver of notice of the meeting. 
 
 At any annual meeting of the stockholders, only such business shall be conducted as shall have been brought before the annual meeting (a) by or at the direction of the chair of the meeting or (b) by any stockholder who is a holder of record at the time of the giving of the notice provided for in this Section 1.01 and at the time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with the procedures set forth in this Article I. 
 
 For business (other than director nominations which shall be governed by Sections 2.04 and 2.05) properly to be brought before an annual meeting of the stockholders by a stockholder, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to the Secretary of the Corporation (the Secretary ). To be timely, a stockholder s notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the immediately preceding annual meeting provided, however, that if the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days earlier or more than 60 days later than such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered or received not earlier than the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth day following the day on which Public Announcement of the date of such meeting is first made. No adjournment or postponement of any meeting shall be deemed to affect any of the time periods set forth in the previous sentence. To be in proper written form, a stockholder s notice to the Secretary shall set forth in writing as to each matter the stockholder proposes to bring before the annual meeting the following information as of the date of the notice (a) a description in reasonable detail of the business desired to be brought before the annual meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (b) the name and address, as they appear on the Corporation s books, of the stockholder proposing such business, of the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made as well as the name and address of any affiliate or associate of any such person (as such terms are defined in Rule 12b-2 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) (each such stockholder, beneficial owner and other person, a Proposing Person ), (c) the classes and number of shares of the Corporation that are owned beneficially or of record by each Proposing Person, (d) a description in reasonable detail of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, hedging transactions and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered into, directly or indirectly, by, or on behalf of, any 
 1 

Proposing Person, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of any Proposing Person with respect to shares of stock of the Corporation, (e) a description in reasonable detail of any proxy (including any revocable proxy), contract, arrangement or understanding pursuant to which a Proposing Person has or may have a right to vote any shares of any security of the Corporation or pursuant to which a Proposing Person has or may have granted a right to vote any shares of any security of the Corporation, including the number of shares of any security of the Corporation subject to such proxy, contract, arrangement or understanding (the information required to be disclosed pursuant to the foregoing clauses (b) through (e) of this Section 1.01, the Proposal Information ), (f) any material interest of a Proposing Person in such business proposed to be brought before such annual meeting of the stockholders, (g) any other information relating to each Proposing Person that would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with solicitation of proxies for election of directors, or would be otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, and (h) a representation by the Proposing Persons as to whether or not they intend to solicit proxies in support of the stockholder s proposal. Public Announcement shall mean (a) disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Reuters Information Service or any similar or successor national news wire service, (b) disclosure in a communication distributed generally to stockholders and in a document publicly filed by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC pursuant to Sections 13, 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act or any successor provisions thereto, or (c) disclosure by the Corporation in a posting on the Corporation s website. 
 
 In addition, the Proposing Persons shall update and supplement the information required to be provided in their notice to the Corporation, so that such information shall be true and correct as of the record date for the meeting and as of the date that is the later of ten business days before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Such update and supplement must be delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation by no later than five business days after the record date for the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of the record date), and not later than seven business days before the date for the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten business days before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). 
 
 The foregoing notice requirements shall be deemed satisfied by a stockholder if the stockholder has notified the Corporation of his or her intention to present a proposal at an annual meeting and such stockholder s proposal has been included in a proxy statement that has been prepared by management of the Corporation to solicit proxies for such annual meeting provided, however, that if such stockholder does not appear or send a Qualified Representative to present such proposal at such annual meeting, the Corporation need not present such proposal for a vote at such meeting, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. Notwithstanding anything in these By-Laws to the contrary, but subject to Section 2.04 of Article II, no business shall be conducted at any annual meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 1.01. The chair of an annual meeting may refuse to permit any business to be brought before an annual meeting that was not properly brought in compliance with the foregoing procedures or, in the case of a stockholder proposal, if any Proposing Person solicits proxies in support of such stockholder s proposal after having represented that the Proposing Persons did not intend to solicit proxies in support of such 
 2 

stockholder s proposal. In order to be a Qualified Representative of a stockholder, such person must be a duly authorized officer, manager or partner of such stockholder or a person authorized to act for such stockholder at the annual meeting by a writing executed by such stockholder or an electronic transmission delivered by such stockholder, which writing or electronic transmission, or a reliable reproduction of the writing or electronic transmission, must be produced at the annual meeting. 
 
 Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 1.01, Proposing Persons must also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 1.01. Nothing in this Section 1.01 will be deemed to affect any rights of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation s proxy statement in accordance with the provisions of Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. 
 
 Section 1.02. Special Meetings . (a) Special meetings of the stockholders may be called at any time by the Chief Executive Officer or the Secretary or by the Board of Directors. Business to be conducted at a special meeting of the stockholders may only be brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation s notice of meeting. 
 
 (b) Subject to Section 1.02 (d) - (g), a special meeting of the stockholders shall be called by the Secretary upon proper written request or requests (each, a Meeting Request given by or on behalf of one or more stockholders (each, a Requesting Stockholder who beneficially own at least 25 of the voting power of all outstanding shares of the Corporation (the Required Percent ). The record date for determining stockholders, or beneficial owners, as applicable, entitled to request a special meeting shall be the date on which the first Meeting Request for such special meeting was received by the Secretary in the manner required by the preceding sentence. 
 
 (c) To be in proper form, a Meeting Request shall be signed by the Requesting Stockholder or Requesting Stockholders submitting such Meeting Request, shall be delivered to and received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, and shall set forth (i) a statement of the specific purpose of the meeting and the matters proposed to be acted on at the meeting, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of each such Requesting Stockholder (ii) the name and address of each such Requesting Stockholder as it appears on the Corporation s stock ledger (or, with respect to all shares to be included in the Required Percent that are beneficially owned but not of record by each such Requesting Stockholder, the name of each broker, bank or custodian (or similar entity) of each such Requesting Stockholder with respect to such shares) (iii) the number of shares of the Corporation owned of record and beneficially by each such Requesting Stockholder (iv) as to each such Requesting Stockholder, the Proposal Information (except that references to the Proposing Person and annual meeting shall instead refer, respectively, to each Requesting Stockholder and special meeting for purposes of this paragraph) (v) an agreement by the Requesting Stockholder to notify the Corporation promptly in the event of (1) any disposition prior to the time of the special meeting of any shares held by a Requesting Stockholder as of the date on which the Meeting Request was delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation and (2) any other change prior to the time of the special meeting in the shares owned by any Requesting Stockholder and (vi) an 
 3 

acknowledgement that (1) the Requesting Stockholder is entitled to vote at such special meeting, (2) any disposition prior to the date of the special meeting of any capital stock of the Corporation including any Requesting Stockholder s shares as of the date on which the Meeting Request was delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation shall be deemed to be a revocation of such Meeting Request with respect to such disposed shares and (3) that any decrease in the Requesting Stockholders aggregate share ownership to less than the Required Percent shall be deemed to be an absolute revocation of such Meeting Request. The requirement set forth in clause (iv) of the immediately preceding sentence shall not apply to (A) any stockholder, or beneficial owner, as applicable, who has provided a written request solely in response to a solicitation made pursuant to, and in accordance with, Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act by way of a solicitation statement filed on Exchange Act Schedule 14A or (B) any stockholder of record that is a broker, bank or custodian (or similar entity) and is acting solely as nominee on behalf of a beneficial owner. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 1.02, Section 1.01 (in the case of all matters to be considered at a special meeting of stockholders other than director nominations) and Section 2.04 (in the case of director nominations) shall apply with respect to stockholder-requested special meetings. 
 
 (d) A Requesting Stockholder may revoke its Meeting Request at any time by written revocation delivered to the Secretary, and if, following such revocation, there are un-revoked Meeting Requests from less than the Required Percent, the Board, in its discretion, may cancel the special meeting of the Stockholders. 
 
 (e) Except as set forth in Section 1.02(g), a special meeting requested by stockholders shall be held at such date, time and place within or without the state of Delaware as may be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors provided, however, that the date of any such special meeting shall be not more than 90 days after the receipt by the Secretary in the manner required by Section 1.02(c) of Meeting Requests from the Required Percent. 
 
 (f) The Requesting Stockholders on whose behalf the Meeting Request is being made shall update and supplement the information provided in the Meeting Request so that the information provided or required to be provided therein shall be true and correct as of the record date for the special meeting and as of the date that is the later of ten business days before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Such update and supplement must be delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation by no later than five business days after the record date for the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of the record date), and not later than seven business days before the date for the meeting (in the case of the update and supplement required to be made as of ten business days before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof). A failure to deliver such information as required shall constitute a revocation of the applicable Meeting Request by the applicable Requesting Stockholder(s). 
 
 (g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 1.02 (i) A special meeting requested by the stockholders shall not be held if (A) the Meeting Request is received by the Secretary during the period commencing 60 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the immediately preceding annual meeting and ending on the date of the final 
 4 

adjournment of the next annual meeting of the stockholders (B) an identical or substantially similar item of business, as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation in its sole and absolute discretion, which determination shall be conclusive and binding on the Corporation and its stockholders, was presented at a meeting of stockholders held not more than 30 days before the Meeting Request is received by the Secretary or (C) the Meeting Request does not comply with or involves a violation of Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act or other applicable law and (ii) nothing herein shall prohibit the Board of Directors from including in the Corporation s notice of any special meeting of the stockholders called by the Secretary additional matters to be submitted to the stockholders at such meeting not included in the Meeting Request in respect of such meeting. 
 
 Section 1.03. Notice of Meetings Waiver . The Secretary or any Assistant Secretary shall cause written notice of the place, date and hour of each meeting of the stockholders, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which such meeting is called, to be given personally or by mail, not less than ten nor more than 60 days prior to the meeting, to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. If such notice is mailed, it shall be deemed to have been given to a stockholder when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at his address as it appears on the record of stockholders of the Corporation, or, if he or she shall have filed with the Secretary of the Corporation a written request that notices to him or her be mailed to some other address, then directed to him or her at such other address. Such further notice shall be given as may be required by law. 
 
 No notice of any meeting of stockholders need be given to any stockholder who submits a signed waiver of notice, whether before or after the meeting. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in a written waiver of notice. The attendance of any stockholder at a meeting of stockholders shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the stockholder attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 
 
 Section 1.04. Quorum . Except as otherwise required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, the presence in person or by proxy of the holders of record of a majority of the shares entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at such meeting. 
 
 Section 1.05. Voting . If, pursuant to Section 5.04 of these By-Laws, a record date has been fixed, every holder of record of shares entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be entitled to one vote for each share outstanding in his or her name on the books of the Corporation at the close of business on such record date. If no record date has been fixed, then every holder of record of shares entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be entitled to one vote for each share of stock standing in his or her name on the books of the Corporation at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice of the meeting is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held. Except as otherwise required by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws, the vote of a majority of the shares represented in person or by proxy at any meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter, at which a quorum is present shall be sufficient for the transaction of any business at such meeting. 
 5 

Section 1.06. Voting by Ballot . No vote of the stockholders at any regular or special meeting need be taken by written ballot. 
 
 Section 1.07. Adjournment . If a quorum is not present at any meeting of the stockholders, the holders of a majority of the shares present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall have the power to adjourn any such meeting from time to time until a quorum is present. In addition, except to the extent inconsistent with any rules and procedures as adopted by the Board of Directors, the person presiding over the meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene, adjourn and reconvene the meeting from time to time as, in the judgment of such person, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Notice of any adjourned meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation need not be given if the place (or means of remote communications, if any), date and hour thereof are (i) announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken, (ii) displayed, during the time scheduled for the meeting, on the same electronic network used to enable stockholders and proxy holders to participate in the meeting by means of remote communication or (iii) set forth in the notice of meeting given in accordance with Section 1.03 of these By-Laws, provided, however, that if the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date for the adjourned meeting is fixed pursuant to Section 5.04 of these By-Laws, a notice of the adjourned meeting, conforming to the requirements of Section 1.03 of these By-Laws, shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. At any adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted on the original date of the meeting. 
 
 Section 1.08. Proxies . Any stockholder entitled to vote at any meeting of the stockholders or to express consent to or dissent from corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to vote at any such meeting and express such consent or dissent for him or her by proxy. Every proxy shall be revocable at the pleasure of the stockholder executing it, except in those cases where applicable law provides that a proxy shall be irrevocable. A stockholder may revoke any proxy which is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person or by filing an instrument in writing revoking the proxy or by filing another duly executed proxy bearing a later date with the Secretary. 
 
 Any stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for the exclusive use for solicitation by the Board. 
 
 Section 1.09. Organization Procedure . At every meeting of stockholders the presiding officer shall be the chair of the Board of Directors the Board Chair or, in the event of his or her absence or should the Board Chair in his or her discretion determine not to preside, in the following order of availability, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, or a Vice President, and in the case more than one Vice President shall be present, that Vice President designated by the Board of Directors (or in the absence of any such designation, the most senior Vice President, based on title). In case none of the foregoing officers designated to be the presiding officer shall be present, a presiding officer shall be chosen by the vote of a majority of the shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on the subject matter at the meeting. The Secretary, or in the event of his or her absence or disability, the Assistant Secretary, if any, or if there be no Assistant Secretary, in the absence of the Secretary, an appointee of the presiding officer, shall 
 6 

act as secretary of the meeting. The order of business and all other matters of procedure at every meeting of stockholders may be determined by such presiding officer. 
 
 Section 1.10. Inspectors of Elections . Preceding any meeting of the stockholders, the Board of Directors shall appoint one or more persons to act as Inspectors of Elections, and may designate one or more alternate inspectors. In the event no inspector or alternate is able to act, the person presiding at the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before entering upon the discharge of the duties of an inspector, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of his or her ability. The inspector shall 
 
 (a) ascertain the number of shares outstanding and the voting power of each 
 
 (b) determine the shares represented at a meeting and the validity of proxies and ballots 
 
 (c) count all votes and ballots 
 
 (d) determine and retain for a reasonable period a record of the disposition of any challenges made to any determination by the inspectors and 
 
 (e) certify his or her determination of the number of shares represented at the meeting, and his or her count of all votes and ballots. 
 
 The inspector may appoint or retain other persons or entities to assist in the performance of the duties of inspector. 
 
 Section 1.11. Opening and Closing of Polls . The date and time for the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter to be voted upon at a stockholder meeting shall be announced at the meeting. The inspector of the election shall be prohibited from accepting any ballots, proxies or votes or any revocations thereof or changes thereto after the closing of the polls, unless the Court of Chancery upon application by a stockholder shall determine otherwise. 
 
 Section 1.12. Consent of Stockholders in Lieu of Meeting . To the fullest extent permitted by law, whenever the vote of stockholders at a meeting thereof is required or permitted to be taken for or in connection with any corporate action, such action may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote of stockholders, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. 
 
 Every written consent shall bear the date of signature of each stockholder who signs the consent and no written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within 60 days of the earliest dated consent delivered in the manner required by law to the Corporation, written consents signed by a sufficient number of holders to take action are 
 7 

delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for such meeting had been the date that written consents signed by a sufficient number of stockholders to take the action were delivered to the Corporation as provided in this Section 1.12. 

ARTICLE II 
 
 BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 
 Section 2.01. General Powers . Except as may otherwise be provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws, the property, affairs and business of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors and the Board of Directors may exercise all the powers of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 2.02. Number and Term of Office . The number of directors constituting the entire Board of Directors shall be between seven and 13, which number may be modified from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors, but in no event shall the number of directors be less than three. Each director (whenever elected) shall hold office until his or her successor has been duly elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 
 
 Section 2.03. Election of Directors . Except as otherwise provided in Sections 2.14 and 2.15 of these By-Laws, the directors shall be elected at each annual meeting of the stockholders. If the annual meeting for the election of directors is not held on the date designated therefor, the directors shall cause the meeting to be held as soon thereafter as convenient. The directors shall be elected by the vote of the majority of the shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote on the election of directors at any meeting for the election of directors at which a quorum is present, provided that if the number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be elected, the directors shall be elected by the vote of a plurality of the shares represented in person or by proxy at any such meeting. 
 
 Section 2.04. Director Nominations . Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of preferred stock or any class or series of stock having a preference over the common stock as to dividends or upon dissolution, liquidation or winding up, nominations for the election of directors may only be made (a) by the Board of Directors, (b) pursuant to Section 2.05 below, or (c) by any stockholder who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of the notice of nomination provided for in this Section 2.04 and at the time of the meeting, who is entitled to vote for the election of directors and who complies with the procedures set forth in this Article II. 
 
 Other than in accordance with the requirements set forth in Section 2.05 below, any stockholder of record entitled to vote for the election of directors at a meeting may nominate persons for election as directors only if timely and proper written notice of such stockholder s intent to make such nomination is given to the Secretary. To be timely, a stockholder s notice 
 8 

must be delivered to or mailed and received at the principal executive offices of the Corporation (a) with respect to an election to be held at an annual meeting of the stockholders, not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the immediately preceding annual meeting provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days earlier or more than 60 days later than such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered or received not earlier than the 120th day prior to such annual meeting and not later than the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the tenth day following the day on which Public Announcement of the date of such meeting is first made and (b) with respect to an election to be held at a special meeting of the stockholders for the election of directors, not earlier than the 120th day prior to such special meeting and not later than the later of the 90th day prior to such meeting or the tenth day following the day on which Public Announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees to be elected at such meeting. No adjournment or postponement of any meeting shall be deemed to affect any of the time periods set forth in the previous sentence. Each such notice shall set forth the following information and agreements as of the date of the notice (a) the stockholder s intent to nominate one or more persons for election as a director of the Corporation (each such stockholder, any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is being made and their associates and affiliates, a Nominating Person ), the name of each such nominee proposed by the stockholder giving the notice, and the reason for making such nomination at the annual meeting, (b) the Proposal Information with respect to each Nominating Person, (c) any material interest of the Nominating Persons in such nomination, (d) a description of all arrangements or understandings between or among any of (1) the Nominating Persons, (2) each nominee and (3) any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination or nominations are to be made by a Nominating Person, (e) such other information regarding each Nominating Person and each nominee proposed by the Nominating Person as would be required to be disclosed in a proxy statement or other filings required to be made in connection with the solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or would be otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, (f) the signed consent of each nominee proposed by the Nominating Persons to serve as a director of the Corporation if so elected, (g) a representation by the Nominating Persons as to whether or not they intend to solicit proxies in support of the stockholder s nominees, and (h) an agreement from each nominee (in the form to be provided by the Corporation upon written request) that such nominee (i) consents to being named in the Corporation s proxy statement and form of proxy (and agrees not to be named in any other person s proxy statement or form of proxy) as a nominee and to serving as a director of the Corporation if elected, (ii) represents and agrees that he or she is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, and has not given any commitment or assurance to, any person or entity as to how he or she, if elected as a director, will act or vote on any issue or question that has not been disclosed to the Corporation (a Voting Commitment ), including any Voting Commitment that could reasonably be expected to limit or interfere with his or her ability to comply, if elected as a director, with his or her fiduciary duties under applicable law, (iii) represents and agrees that he or she is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed to the Corporation, and (iv) represents and agrees that he or she would be in compliance, if elected as a director of the Corporation, and will comply, with applicable law and all applicable publicly disclosed corporate governance, conflict of interest, corporate opportunities, confidentiality and stock ownership and 
 9 

trading policies and guidelines of the Corporation relating to his or her membership on the Board of Directors. The stockholder s notice shall also include a completed director and stockholder questionnaire, signed by each nominee and Nominating Person in the form provided by the Secretary. The Corporation may require any Nominating Person or nominee to furnish such other information as the Corporation may reasonably request, and if so requested the Nominating Person and nominee shall, within five business days or such other period, as the Corporation may reasonably specify after any such request, furnish such other information. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything in the immediately preceding paragraph of this Section 2.04 to the contrary, if the number of directors to be elected to the Board at an annual meeting of the stockholders is increased and there is no Public Announcement naming all of the nominees for directors or specifying the size of the increased Board made by the Corporation at least 90 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of the immediately preceding annual meeting, a stockholder s notice required by this Section 2.04 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees for any new positions created by such increase, if it shall be delivered to or mailed to and received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the tenth day following the day on which such Public Announcement is first made by the Corporation. 
 
 In addition, the Nominating Persons shall update and supplement the information required to be provided in their notice to the Corporation, or upon the Corporation s request, promptly (and in any event two business days prior to the commencement of the applicable meeting of shareholders) if any such information ceases for any reason to be accurate or complete in any material respect. Such update and supplement must be delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary of the Corporation at the principal executive offices of the Corporation. 
 
 Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 2.04, Nominating Persons must also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 2.04. 
 
 The chair of the meeting may refuse to acknowledge the nomination of any person not made in compliance with the foregoing procedures or if any Nominating Person solicits proxies in favor of the stockholder s nominees after having represented that the Nominating Persons did not intend to solicit proxies in support of the stockholder s nominees. 
 
 Only such persons who are nominated (a) by or at the direction of the Board or (b) in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.04 or Section 2.05 shall be eligible to serve as directors of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 2.05. Proxy Access for Director Nominations . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in these By-Laws, the Corporation shall include in its proxy statement and on its form of proxy for an annual meeting of the stockholders the name of, and the Required Information (as defined below) relating to, any nominee for election to the Board of Directors who satisfies the eligibility requirements in this Section 2.05 (a Stockholder Nominee and who is identified in a notice that complies with the requirements of this Section 2.05 (including being timely delivered pursuant to Section 2.05(g)) (the Stockholder Notice by an Eligible 
 10 

Stockholder (as defined below) who expressly elects at the time of delivering the Stockholder Notice to have such Stockholder Nominee included in the Corporation s proxy materials. 
 
 (b) An Eligible Stockholder is one stockholder or a group of no more than 20 stockholders who, 
 (i) as of the date of the Stockholder Notice, owns (as defined below in Section 2.05(c)) a number of shares that represents at least 3 of the outstanding shares of the Corporation entitled to vote in the election of directors (based on the number of outstanding shares in the most recent filing by the Corporation with the SEC prior to the date of the Stockholder Notice) (the Required Shares and has owned such shares continuously for at least the three-year period preceding and including the date of the Stockholder Notice 
 (ii) holds the Required Shares through the date of the annual meeting and 
 (iii) satisfies the additional requirements in this Section 2.05. 

Two or more funds that are (1) under common management and investment control, (2) under common management and funded primarily by a single employer or (3) a group of investment companies, as such term is defined in Section 12(d)(1)(G)(ii) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (as amended from time to time, the Investment Company Act (such funds together under each of (1), (2) or (3) comprising a Qualifying Fund shall be treated as one stockholder for the purpose of determining the aggregate number of stockholders in this Section 2.05(b) and treated as one stockholder provided that each fund comprising a Qualifying Fund otherwise meets the requirements set forth in this Section 2.05(b). 
 
 Whenever the Eligible Stockholder consists of a group of stockholders (including a group of funds constituting a Qualifying Fund) each provision in this Section 2.05 that requires the Eligible Stockholder to provide any written statements, representations, undertakings, agreements or other instruments or to meet any other conditions shall be deemed to require each such stockholder (including each individual fund) that is the member of such group to provide such statements, representations, undertakings, agreements or other instruments and to meet such other conditions (including the minimum holding periods referenced above), except that the number of Required Shares that has been held continuously for the holding periods specified above shall apply to the ownership of the group in the aggregate. 
 
 (c) For purposes of this Section 2.05, an Eligible Stockholder owns only those outstanding shares of the Corporation as to which the stockholder possesses both 
 
 (i) the full voting and investment rights pertaining to the shares and 
 (ii) the full economic interest in (including the opportunity for profit and risk of loss on) such shares 
 
 provided that the number of shares calculated in accordance with clauses (i) and (ii) shall not include any shares 
 (A) sold by such stockholder or any affiliate in any transaction that has not been settled or closed 
 (B) sold short by such stockholder or any affiliate 
 11 

(C) borrowed by such stockholder or any affiliate for any purposes or purchased by such stockholder or any affiliate pursuant to an agreement or obligation to resell or 
 (D) subject to any option, warrant, forward contract, swap, contract of sale, other derivative or similar agreement entered into by such stockholder or any affiliate, whether any such instrument or agreement is to be settled with shares or with cash based on the notional amount or value of outstanding shares of the Corporation, in any such case which instrument or agreement has, or is intended to have, or if exercised by either party thereto would have, the purpose or effect of 
 (1) reducing in any manner, to any extent or at any time in the future, such stockholder s or any affiliates full right to vote or direct the voting of any such shares and or 
 (2) hedging, offsetting, or altering to any degree gain or loss arising from the full economic ownership of such shares by such stockholder or affiliate. 
 
 A stockholder owns shares held in the name of a nominee or other intermediary so long as the stockholder retains the right to instruct how the shares are voted with respect to the election of directors and possesses the full economic interest in the shares. A stockholder s ownership of shares shall be deemed to continue during any period in which the stockholder has delegated any voting power by means of a proxy, power of attorney, or other instrument or arrangement that is revocable at any time by the stockholder. A stockholder s ownership of shares shall be deemed to continue during any period in which the stockholder has loaned such shares provided that the stockholder has the power to recall such loaned shares on five business days notice and has recalled such loaned shares as of the date of the Stockholder Notice and through the date of the annual meeting. The terms owned, owning and other variations of the word own shall have correlative meanings. 

(d) No stockholder may be a member of more than one group of stockholders constituting an Eligible Stockholder under this Section 2.05. If a stockholder would otherwise qualify as a member of more than one group of stockholders constituting an Eligible Stockholder, it shall be deemed to be a member of the group with the largest stockholding as reflected in the Stockholder Notice. 
 
 (e) For purposes of this Section 2.05, the Required Information that the Corporation will include in its proxy statement is 
 (i) the information concerning the Stockholder Nominee and the Eligible Stockholder that is required to be disclosed in the Corporation s proxy statement by the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and as required by the principal U.S. exchange upon which the stock of the Corporation is listed and 
 (ii) if the Eligible Stockholder so elects, one written supporting statement of the Eligible Stockholder, not to exceed 500 words, for each of its Stockholder Nominees, which must be provided at the same time as the Stockholder Notice for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy statement for the annual meeting (the Statement ). 
 
 12 

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.05, the Corporation may omit from its proxy materials any information or Statement that it, in good faith, believes would violate any applicable law or regulation. Nothing in this Section 2.05 shall limit the Corporation s ability to solicit against and include in its proxy materials its own statements relating to any Eligible Stockholder or Stockholder Nominee. 
 
 (f) The inclusion of the Stockholder Nominee in the proxy materials shall be subject to the timely delivery to the Corporation of, and the Stockholder Notice shall set forth, the information required under Section 2.04 of these By-Laws and also the following 
 
 (i) as to the Eligible Stockholder (or in the case of a group, each stockholder whose stock is aggregated for purposes of constituting an Eligible Stockholder) giving the Stockholder Notice, (1) the name and address of each such stockholder or stockholders, as they appear on the Corporation's books, and of such beneficial owner, and (2) the class and number of shares of the Corporation which are owned beneficially and of record by such stockholder and such beneficial owner 
 
 (ii) as to each Stockholder Nominee whom the Eligible Stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection to the Board of Directors pursuant to this Section 2.05(f), (1) the Required Information (including the Stockholder Nominee s written consent to being named in the Corporation s proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if elected), (2) a description of all direct and indirect compensation and other material monetary or voting agreements, arrangements, and understandings during the past three years, and any other material relationships, between or among the Eligible Stockholder and its affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the one hand, and each Stockholder Nominee, and each Stockholder Nominee s respective affiliates and associates, or others acting in concert therewith, on the other hand, including, without limitation all information that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K if the Eligible Stockholder, or any affiliate or associate thereof or person acting in concert therewith, were the registrant for purposes of Item 404 and the Stockholder Nominee were a director or executive officer of such registrant, (3) an agreement from the Stockholder Nominee in the form to be provided by the Corporation upon written request by the Eligible Stockholder that the Stockholder Nominee (A) consents to being named in the Corporation s proxy statement and form of proxy (and agrees not to be named in any other person s proxy statement or form of proxy) as a nominee and to serving as a director of the Corporation if elected, (B) represents and agrees that he or she is not and will not become a party to a Voting Commitment, including any Voting Commitment that could reasonably be expected to limit or interfere with his or her ability to comply, if elected as a director, with his or her fiduciary duties under applicable law, (C) represents and agrees that he or she is not and will not become a party to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with any person or entity other than the Corporation with respect to any direct or indirect compensation, reimbursement or indemnification in connection with service or action as a director that has not been disclosed to the Corporation, and (D) represents and agrees that he or she would be in compliance, if elected as a director of the Corporation, and will comply, with applicable law and all applicable publicly disclosed corporate governance, conflict of interest, corporate opportunities, confidentiality and stock ownership and trading policies 
 13 

and guidelines of the Corporation relating to his or her membership on the Board of Directors 
 
 (iii) a copy of the Schedule 14N that has been or concurrently is filed with the SEC under Exchange Act Rule 14a-18 and 
 
 (iv) the written representation, warranty and agreement of the Eligible Stockholder (or in the case of a group, each stockholder whose shares are aggregated for purposes of constituting an Eligible Stockholder) addressed to the Corporation, that 
 
 (A) the Eligible Stockholder has complied, and will continue to comply, with the ownership and holding period requirements set forth in Section 2.05(b) and shall provide written statements from the record holder and intermediaries as required under Section 2.05(h) verifying such compliance by the Eligible Stockholder 
 
 (B) the Eligible Stockholder 
 (1) acquired the Required Shares in the ordinary course of business and not with the intent to change or influence control at the Corporation, and does not presently have such intent 
 (2) has not nominated and will not nominate for election to the Board of Directors at the annual meeting any person other than the Stockholder Nominee(s) being nominated pursuant to this Section 2.05 
 (3) has not engaged and will not engage in a, and has not been and will not be a participant in another person s, solicitation within the meaning of Exchange Act Rule 14a-1(l), in support of the election of any individual as a director at the annual meeting other than its Stockholder Nominee or a nominee of the Board of Directors and 
 (4) will not distribute to any stockholder any form of proxy for the annual meeting other than the form distributed by the Corporation and 
 
 (C) the Eligible Stockholder shall 
 (1) assume all liability stemming from any legal or regulatory violation arising out of the Eligible Stockholder s communications with the stockholders of the Corporation or out of the information that the Eligible Stockholder provided to the Corporation 
 (2) indemnify and hold harmless the Corporation and each of its directors, officers and employees individually against any liability, loss or damages in connection with any threatened or pending action, suit or proceeding, whether legal, administrative or investigative, against the Corporation or any of its directors, officers or employees arising out of any nomination submitted by the Eligible Stockholder pursuant to this Section 2.05 or any failure or alleged failure of the Eligible Stockholder or its Stockholder Nominee(s) to comply with, or any breach or alleged breach by the Eligible Stockholder or its Stockholder Nominee(s) of, the requirements of this Section 2.05 
 (3) comply with all laws and regulations applicable to any solicitation in connection with the annual meeting 
 14 

(4) file all materials described below in Section 2.05(h)(iii) with the SEC, regardless of whether any such filing is required under Exchange Act Regulation 14A, or whether any exemption from filing is available for such materials under Exchange Act Regulation 14A 
 (5) immediately notify the Corporation if the Eligible Stockholder ceases to own any of the Required Shares or the Eligible Stockholder or any Stockholder Nominee(s) fails to satisfy any eligibility requirement under this Section 2.05 prior to the date of the annual meeting 
 (6) intend to be present in person at the annual meeting to present its Stockholder Nominee at the meeting and 
 (7) provide to the Corporation prior to the annual meeting such additional information as necessary or reasonably requested by the Corporation and 
 
 (v) in the case of a nomination by a group of stockholders that together is an Eligible Stockholder, the designation by all group members of one group member that is authorized to act on behalf of all such members with respect to the nomination and matters related thereto, including any withdrawal of the nomination. 
 
 (g) To be timely under this Section 2.05, the Stockholder Notice must be delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the 120th day nor earlier than the 150th day prior to the first anniversary of the date the definitive proxy statement was first released to stockholders in connection with the preceding year s annual meeting of the stockholders provided, however that in the event the date of the current year meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not earlier than the 180th day and not later than the later of the 90th day prior to the date of the current year meeting or the 10th day following the day on which Public Announcement of the date of the current year meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting, or the announcement thereof, commence a new time period for the giving of the Stockholder Notice as described above. 
 
 (h) An Eligible Stockholder (or in the case of a group, each stockholder whose shares are aggregated for purposes of constituting an Eligible Stockholder) must 
 
 (i) within five business days after the date of the Stockholder Notice, provide one or more written statements from the record holder(s) of the Required Shares and from each intermediary through which the Required Shares are or have been held, in each case during the requisite three-year holding period, verifying that the Eligible Stockholder owns, and has owned continuously for the preceding three years, the Required Shares 
 (ii) include in the written statements provided pursuant to Item 4 of Schedule 14N filed with the SEC a statement certifying that it owns and continuously has owned, as defined in Section 2.05(c), the Required Shares for at least three years 
 (iii) file with the SEC any solicitation or other communication relating to the current year meeting, one or more of the Corporation s directors or director nominees or any Stockholder Nominee, regardless of whether any such filing is required under Exchange Act Regulation 14A or whether any exemption from filing is available for such solicitation or other communication under Exchange Act Regulation 14A and 
 15 

(iv) as to any group of funds whose shares are aggregated for purposes of constituting an Eligible Stockholder, within five business days after the date of the Stockholder Notice, provide documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation that demonstrates that the funds qualify as a Qualifying Fund. 
 
 (i) At the request of the Corporation, the Stockholder Nominee must promptly, but in any event within five business days of such request, submit any additional completed and signed questionnaires required of the Corporation s directors and provide to the Corporation such other information as it may reasonably request. The Corporation may request such additional information as necessary to permit the Board of Directors to determine if each Stockholder Nominee satisfies the independence and other eligibility requirements set forth in Section 2.05(j)(iii). 
 
 (j) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 2.05, the Corporation may omit from its proxy statement any Stockholder Nominee, and such nomination shall be disregarded and no vote on such Stockholder Nominee will occur, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation, and the Eligible Stockholder may not, after the last day on which a Stockholder Notice would be timely pursuant to Section 2.05(g), cure in any way any defect preventing the nomination, if 
 
 (i) the Secretary of the Corporation receives notice that any stockholder intends to nominate a person for election to the Board of Directors pursuant to Section 2.04 
 (ii) the Eligible Stockholder materially breaches any of its agreements, representations, or warranties set forth in the Stockholder Notice, or if any of the information in the Stockholder Notice was not, when provided, true and correct or contains material omissions or 
 (iii) the Stockholder Nominee (A) is not independent under the listing standards of the principal U.S. exchange upon which the shares of the Corporation are listed, any applicable rules of the SEC, and any publicly disclosed standards used by the Board of Directors in determining and disclosing the independence of the Corporation s directors, (B) does not qualify as independent under the audit, compensation or other committee independence requirements set forth in the rules of the principal U.S. exchange on which shares of the Corporation are listed, (C) does not qualify as a non-employee director under Exchange Act Rule 16b-3, or as an outside director for the purposes of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code (or any successor provision), (D) is or has been, within the past three years, an officer or director of a competitor, as defined in Section 8 of the Clayton Antitrust Act of 1914, as amended, (E) is or has been subject to any event specified in Rule 506(d)(1) of Regulation D under the Securities Act or Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act, without reference to whether the event is material to an evaluation of the ability or integrity of such Stockholder Nominee or (F) whose election as a member of the Board of Directors would cause the Corporation to be in violation of these By-Laws, its Certificate of Incorporation, the rules and listing standards of the principal U.S. securities exchanges upon which the stock of the Corporation is listed or traded, or any applicable law, rule or regulation. 
 
 (k) The number of Stockholder Nominees appearing in the Corporation s proxy materials with respect to an annual meeting of the stockholders (including (i) any Stockholder Nominee whose name was submitted for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy materials but who is 
 16 

nominated by the Board of Directors as a Board nominee and (ii) any nominee who was previously elected to the Board of Directors as a Stockholder Nominee at any of the preceding two annual meetings and who is re-nominated for election at such annual meeting by the Board of Directors) shall not exceed the greater of (i) two or (ii) 20 of the number of directors in office as of the last day on which a Stockholder Notice may be delivered pursuant to this Section 2.05 with respect to the annual meeting, or if such amount is not a whole number, the closest whole number below 20 . In the event that the number of Stockholder Nominees submitted by Eligible Stockholders pursuant to this Section 2.05 exceeds this maximum number, each Eligible Stockholder will select one Stockholder Nominee for inclusion in the Corporation s proxy materials until the maximum number is reached, going in order of the number (largest to smallest) of shares of the Corporation each Eligible Stockholder disclosed as owned in its respective Stockholder Notice submitted to the Corporation. If the maximum number is not reached after each Eligible Stockholder has selected one Stockholder Nominee, this selection process will continue as many times as necessary, following the same order each time, until the maximum number is reached. Following this determination, if any Stockholder Nominee who satisfies the eligibility requirements in this Section 2.05 but later withdraws his or her nomination or becomes unwilling, unable or ineligible to serve on the Board of Directors, no other Stockholder Nominee shall be included in the Corporation s proxy materials or otherwise be submitted for director election in substitution thereof with respect to the annual meeting and the Corporation shall not be required to include in its proxy materials such Stockholder Nominee and may otherwise communicate to its stockholders, including without limitation by amending or supplementing its proxy statement or ballot or form of proxy, that the Stockholder Nominee will not be included as a nominee in the proxy statement or on any ballot or form of proxy and will not be voted on at the annual meeting. If one or more vacancies on the Board of Directors for any reason occur after the deadline in Section 2.05(g) for delivery of the Stockholder Notice and the Board of Directors resolves to reduce the size of the Board of Directors in connection therewith, the maximum number of Stockholder Nominees that may be nominated by all Eligible Stockholders shall be calculated based on the number of directors in office so reduced. 
 
 (l) Any Stockholder Nominee who is included in the Corporation s proxy materials for a particular annual meeting of the stockholders but either (i) withdraws from or becomes ineligible or unavailable for election at the annual meeting, or (ii) does not receive at least 25 of the votes cast in favor of the Stockholder Nominee s election, will be ineligible to be a Stockholder Nominee pursuant to this Section 2.05 for the next two annual meetings. 
 
 (m) The Board of Directors (or any other person or body duly authorized by the Board of Directors) shall have the power and authority to interpret this Section 2.05 and to make any and all determinations necessary or advisable pursuant to this Section 2.05. Any such interpretation or determination adopted in good faith by the Board of Directors (or any other person or body authorized by the Board of Directors) shall be binding on all persons, including the Corporation and its stockholders (including any beneficial owners of the Corporation s stock). 
 
 Section 2.06. Annual and Regular Meetings . The annual meeting of the Board of Directors for the purpose of electing officers of the Corporation and for the transaction of such other business as may come before the meeting shall be held as soon as possible following adjournment of the annual meeting of the stockholders at the place of such annual meeting of the stockholders. Notice of such annual meeting of the Board of Directors need not be given. The Board of Directors from time to time may by resolution provide for the holding of regular 
 17 

meetings and fix the place (which may be within or without the State of Delaware) and the date and hour or such meetings. Notice of regular meetings need not be given. 
 
 Section 2.07. Special Meetings Notice . Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Board Chair, the Chief Executive Officer, the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, if any, and, on the written request of any two directors, the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary shall call such meeting. Special meetings shall be held at such place (within or without the State of Delaware), date and hour as may be specified in the respective notices or waivers of notice of such meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called on 24 hours' notice, if notice is given to each director personally or by telephone or telegram, or on five days notice, if notice is mailed to each director, addressed to him or her at his or her usual place of business. Notice of any special meeting need not be given to any director who attends such meeting without protesting the lack of notice to him or her, prior to or at the commencement of such meeting, or to any director who submits a signed waiver of notice, whether before or after such meeting, and any business may be transacted thereat. 
 
 Section 2.08. Quorum Voting . At all meetings of the Board of Directors, the presence of a majority of the directors then in office shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business provided, however, that in no case shall a quorum consist of less than one-third of the total number of directors that the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies on the Board of Directors. Except as otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, the vote of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 2.09. Adjournment . A majority of the directors present, whether or not a quorum is present, may adjourn any meeting of the Board of Directors to another time or place. No notice need be given of any adjourned meeting unless the time and place of the adjourned meeting are not announced at the time of adjournment, in which case notice conforming to the requirements of Section 2.07 of these By-Laws shall be given to each director. 
 
 Section 2.10. Action Without a Meeting . Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board of Directors consent thereto in writing, and such writing or writings are filed with the 
 minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 2.11. Regulations Manner of Acting . To the extent consistent with applicable law, the Certificate of Incorporation and these By-Laws, the Board of Directors may adopt such rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings of the Board of Directors and for the management of the property, affairs and business of the Corporation as the Board of Directors may deem appropriate. The directors shall act only as a Board, and the individual directors shall have no power as such. 
 
 Section 2.12. Action by Telephonic Communications . Except as otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, members of the Board of Directors may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this provision shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 
 
 18 

Section 2.13. Resignations . Any director may resign at any time by delivering a written notice of resignation, signed by such director, to the Board Chair or the Chief Executive Officer. Unless otherwise specified therein, such resignation shall take effect upon delivery. 
 
 Section 2.14. Removal of Directors . Any director may be removed at any time, either for or without cause, upon the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote for the election of such director. Any vacancy in the Board of Directors caused by any such removal may be filled at such meeting by the stockholders entitled to vote for the election of the director so removed. If such stockholders do not fill such vacancy at such meeting (or in the written instrument effecting such removal, if such removal was effected by consent without a meeting), such vacancy may be filled in the manner provided in Section 2.15 of these By-Laws. 
 
 Section 2.15. Vacancies and Newly Created Directorships . If any vacancies shall occur in the Board of Directors, by reason of death, resignation, removal or otherwise, or if the authorized number of directors shall be increased, the directors then in office shall continue to act, and such vacancies and newly created directorships may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum. A director elected to fill a vacancy or a newly created directorship shall hold office until his or her successor has been elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. Any such vacancy or newly created directorship may also be filled at any time by vote of the stockholders. 
 
 Section 2.16. Compensation . Each director, in consideration of his or her service as such, shall be entitled to receive from the Corporation such amount per annum or such fees for attendance at directors meetings, or both, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine, together with reimbursement for the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, if any, incurred by such director in connection with the performance of his or her duties. Each director who shall serve as a member of any Committee designated by the Board of Directors in consideration of serving as such shall be entitled to such additional amount per annum or such fees for attendance at committee meetings, or both, as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine, together with reimbursement for the reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, if any, incurred by such director in the performance of his or her duties. Nothing contained in this Section 2.16 shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation or its subsidiaries in any other capacity and receiving proper compensation. 
 
 Section 2.17. Reliance on Accounts and Reports, etc . A director, or a member of any Committee designated by the Board of Directors shall, in the performance of his or her duties, be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the records of the Corporation and upon information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of the officers or employees of the Corporation, or Committees designated by the Board of Directors, or by any other person as to the matters the member reasonably believes are within such other person's professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 2.18. Honorary Directors . The Board of Directors may, by vote at a regularly held meeting, appoint at its discretion individuals as Honorary Directors to serve for such period of time and with such compensation as shall be fixed by the Board of Directors. Individuals 
 19 

appointed as Honorary Directors shall have the right to attend regularly scheduled Board of Directors meetings but shall not have the right to cast a vote. 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 
 AUDIT COMMITTEE, COMPENSATION COMMITTEE, 
 NOMINATING CORPORATE GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE 
 AND OTHER COMMITTEES 
 
 Section 3.01. How Constituted . The Board of Directors shall have an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating Corporate Governance Committee, each such Committee to consist of such number of directors as from time to time may be fixed by the Board of Directors in accordance with this Section 3.01. The Board of Directors may designate one or more other Committees, each of which shall consist of such number of directors as from time to time may be fixed by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any Committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member or members at any meeting of such Committee. Thereafter, members (and alternate members, if any) of each Committee may be designated at the annual meeting of the Board of Directors. Any Committee, other than the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating Corporate Governance Committee, may be abolished or re-designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. Each member (and each alternate member) of any Committee (whether designated at an annual meeting of the Board of Directors or to fill a vacancy or otherwise) shall hold office until his or her successor shall have been designated or until he or she shall cease to be a director, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 
 
 Section 3.02. Powers Duties and Responsibilities . Each Committee shall have and may exercise such powers of the Board of Directors as may be provided by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors. The specific powers of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating Corporate Governance Committee are set forth in their Charters (which are available on the Corporation s website at adp.com or any successor website), as may be amended from time to time by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Committee shall have the power or authority 
 
 (a) to amend the Certificate of Incorporation (except that a Committee may, to the extent authorized in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of shares of stock adopted by the Board of Directors as provided in Section 151(a) of the General Corporation Law, fix the designations and any of the preferences or rights of such shares relating to dividends, redemption, dissolution, any distribution of assets of the Corporation or the conversion into, or the exchange of such shares for, shares of any other class or classes or any other series of the same or any other class or classes of stock of the Corporation or fix the number of shares of any series of stock or authorize the increase or decrease of the shares of any series) 
 
 (b) to adopt an agreement of merger or consolidation 
 
 (c) to recommend to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporation s property and assets 
 20 

(d) to recommend to the stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of dissolution or 
 
 (e) to amend the By-Laws of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 3.03. Proceedings . The chair of each Committee shall be designated by the Board of Directors . Each Committee may fix its own rules of procedure and may meet at such place (within or without the State of Delaware), at such time and upon such notice, if any, as it shall determine from time to time or as may be required by the Board of Directors. Each Committee shall keep minutes of its proceedings and shall report such proceedings to the Board of Directors at the meeting of the Board of Directors next following any such proceedings. 
 
 Section 3.04. Quorum and Manner of Acting . Except as may be otherwise provided in the resolution creating such Committee, at all meetings of any Committee, the presence of members (or alternate members) constituting a majority of the total authorized membership of such Committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the presence of two members (or alternate members) of a Committee that has four authorized members shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. The act of the majority of the members present at any meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of such Committee. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of any such Committee may be taken without a meeting, if all members of such Committee shall consent to such action in writing and such writing or writings are filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the Committee. The members of any such Committee shall act only as a Committee, and the individual members of such Committee shall have no power as such. 
 
 Section 3.05. Action by Telephonic Communications . Except as otherwise provided by the applicable Committee or by the Board of Directors, members of any Committee may participate in a meeting of such Committee by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this provision shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 
 
 Section 3.06. Absent or Disqualified Members . In the absence or disqualification of a member of any Committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he, she or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another qualified member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. 
 
 Section 3.07. Resignations . Any member (and any alternate member) of any Committee may resign at any time by delivering a written notice of resignation, signed by such member, to the Board Chair or the Chief Executive Officer. Unless otherwise specified therein, such resignation shall take effect upon delivery. 
 
 Section 3.08. Removal . Any member (and any alternate member) of any Committee may be removed from his or her position as a member (or alternate member, as the case may be) of such Committee at any time, either for or without cause, by the Board of Directors. 
 
 21 

Section 3.09. Vacancies . If any vacancy shall occur in any Committee, by reason of disqualification, death, resignation, removal or otherwise, the remaining members (and any alternate members) shall continue to act, and any such vacancy may be filled by the Board of Directors. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 
 OFFICERS 
 
 Section 4.01. Number . The officers of the Corporation (the officers of the Corporation shall be a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Secretary, a Treasurer and may be the Board Chair and such other officers as the Board of Directors appoints from time to time by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors. The officers of the Corporation may include one or more Vice Presidents and one or more Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers, but only if appointed as an officer of the Corporation by the Board of Directors. The officers of the Corporation shall exercise such powers and perform such duties and have such titles as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors or as otherwise provided in the By-Laws. The Board of Directors shall designate an officer to be the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation and may designate any officer to be the Chief Operating Officer or Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation. Any number of offices may be held by the same person unless the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws provide otherwise. 
 
 Section 4.02. Election . Unless otherwise determined by the Board of Directors, the officers of the Corporation shall be elected by the Board of Directors at the annual meeting of the Board of Directors, and shall be elected to hold office until the next succeeding annual meeting of the Board of Directors. In the event of the failure to elect officers of the Corporation at such annual meeting, officers may be elected at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors. Each officer shall hold office until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal. 
 
 Section 4.03. Salaries . The compensation of all officers and agents of the Corporation shall be fixed by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or such other persons to whom the authority to fix such salaries shall be delegated by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. No officer shall be prevented from receiving a salary or other compensation by reason of the fact that the officer is also a director of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 4.04. Removal and Resignation Vacancies . Any officer of the Corporation may be removed for or without cause at any time by the Board of Directors or by the Chief Executive Officer. Any officer of the Corporation may resign at any time by delivering a written notice of resignation, signed by such officer, to the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. Unless otherwise specified therein, such resignation shall take effect upon delivery. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation by death, resignation, removal or otherwise, shall be filled by the Board of Directors or by the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Section 4.05. Authority and Duties of Officers . The officers of the Corporation shall have such authority and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as may be specified in these By-Laws, except that in any event each officer shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as may be required by law. 
 22 

Section 4.06. Board Chair . The Board Chair shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors and shall exercise such powers and perform such other duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 4.07. President . The President shall have general supervision over the business of the Corporation, subject, however, to the control of the Board of Directors, any duly authorized Committee designated by the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer (if not the President). The President may sign and execute in the name of the Corporation deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts and other instruments except in cases in which the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these By-Laws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation or shall be required by statute otherwise to be signed or executed and, in general, the President shall perform all duties incident to the office of President of a corporation and such other duties as may from time to time be assigned to the President by the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer (if not the President). 
 
 Section 4.08. Vice Presidents . At the request of the Chief Executive Officer, or, in the Chief Executive Officer s absence, at the request of the Board of Directors, the Vice Presidents shall (in such order as may be designated by the Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors or, in the absence of any such designation, the most senior Vice President based on title) perform all of the duties of the President and, in so performing, shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all restrictions upon, the President. Any Vice President may sign and execute in the name of the Corporation deeds, mortgages, bonds, contracts or other instruments, except in cases in which the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the Board of Directors or by these By-Laws to some other officer or agent of the Corporation, or shall be required by statute otherwise to be signed or executed, and each Vice President shall perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to such Vice President by the Board of Directors or by the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Section 4.09. Secretary . The Secretary shall attend all meetings of the stockholders and the Board of Directors and shall record all the proceedings of such meetings in a book or books to be kept for that purpose, and shall perform like duties for the Committees of the Board of Directors, when required. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, all notices to be given in accordance with these By-Laws or as required by law and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or by the Chief Executive Officer. The Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, if any, may attest all instruments signed by the Board Chair, the Chief Executive Officer, the President, any Vice President or any other authorized officers of the Corporation. The Secretary shall have charge of the stock books and ledgers of the Corporation and all the books, records and papers of the Corporation relating to its organization and management, shall see that the reports, statements and other documents required by statute are properly kept and filed and, in general, shall perform all duties incident to the office of Secretary of a corporation and such other duties as may from time to time be assigned to the Secretary by the Board of Directors or by the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Section 4.10. Treasurer . The Treasurer shall have charge and custody of, and be responsible for, all funds, securities and notes of the Corporation receive and give receipts for moneys due and payable to the Corporation from any sources whatsoever deposit all such 
 23 

moneys and valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the Treasurer or by any person to whom such power to designate is delegated by the Board of Directors, the Chief Executive Officer or the Treasurer against proper vouchers, cause such funds to be disbursed by checks or drafts on the authorized depositories of the Corporation signed in such manner as shall be determined by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer and be responsible for the accuracy of the amounts of all moneys so disbursed regularly enter or cause to be entered in books or other records maintained for the purpose full and adequate account of all moneys received or paid for the account of the Corporation have the right to require from time to time reports or statements giving such information as the Treasurer may desire with respect to any and all financial transactions of the Corporation from the officers or agents transacting the same render to the Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors, whenever the Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors shall require the Treasurer so to do, an account of the financial condition of the Corporation and of all financial transactions of the Corporation exhibit at all reasonable times the records and books of account to any of the directors upon application at the office of the Corporation where such records and books are kept disburse the funds of the Corporation as ordered by the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer and, in general, perform all duties incident to the office of Treasurer of a corporation and such other duties as may from time to time be assigned to the Treasurer by the Board of Directors or the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Section 4.11. Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers . Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to them by the Secretary or by the Treasurer, respectively, or by the Board of Directors or by the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Section 4.12. Security . The Board of Directors may require any officer, agent or employee of the Corporation to provide security for the faithful performance of his or her duties, in such amount and of such character as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 
 CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 Section 5.01. Certificates of Stock Uncertificated Shares . The shares of stock of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates or all of such shares shall be uncertificated shares that may be evidenced by a book-entry system maintained by the registrar of such stock, or a combination of both. If shares are represented by certificates (if any), such certificates shall be in the form approved by the Board of Directors. The certificates representing shares of stock of each class shall be signed by, or in the name of, the Corporation by the Board Chair, the President or any Vice President, and by the Secretary, any Assistant Secretary, the Treasurer or any Assistant Treasurer. Any or all such signatures may be facsimiles. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar whose manual or facsimile signature is affixed to such a certificate ceases to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate has been issued, it may nevertheless be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such officer, transfer agent or registrar were still such at the date of its issue. 
 
 24 

Section 5.02. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates . The Board of Directors may direct that a new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares be issued in place of any certificate theretofore issued by the Corporation alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon delivery to the Board of Directors of proof satisfactory to the Board of Directors of such loss, theft or destruction. The Board of Directors may require the owner of such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or his legal representative, to advertise such loss, theft or destruction in such manner as the Board of Directors may require and to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify it against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of any such new certificate of stock or uncertificated shares. 
 
 Section 5.03. Transfer of Stock . Transfers of stock shall be made only on the stock transfer books of the Corporation and upon surrender of the certificate previously issued therefore which is outstanding and not canceled, duly endorsed or accompanied by appropriate evidence of succession, assignment or authority to transfer, except that uncertificated shares shall be transferred upon receipt of proper transfer instructions from the record holder thereof . Subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation and these By-Laws, the Board of Directors may prescribe such additional rules and regulations as it may deem appropriate relating to the issue, transfer and registration of shares of the Corporation. 
 
 Section 5.04. Record Date . In order to determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which record date shall not precede the date on which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors, and which shall not be more than 60 nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting, provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 
 
 In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights of the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. 
 
 Section 5.05. Registered Stockholders . A person in whose name shares of stock are registered on the books of the Corporation shall be deemed the person exclusively entitled to receive dividends and other distributions, to vote, to receive notice and otherwise to exercise all the rights and powers of the owner of the shares, and the Corporation shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or legal claim to or interest in such shares on the part of any other person, whether or not the Corporation shall have notice of such claim or interests. Whenever any transfer of shares shall be made for collateral security, and not absolutely, it shall be so expressed in the entry of the transfer if, when the certificates are presented to the Corporation for transfer or uncertificated shares are requested to be transferred, both the transferor and transferee request the Corporation to do so. 
 25 

Section 5.06. Transfer Agent and Registrar . The Board of Directors may appoint one or more transfer agents and one or more registrars, and may require all certificates representing shares to bear the signature of any such transfer agents or registrars. 
 
 ARTICLE VI 
 
 INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 Section 6.01. Nature of Indemnity . The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he or she is or was or has agreed to become a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving or has agreed to serve at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer, of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted in such capacity, and may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to such an action, suit or proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was or has agreed to become an employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving or has agreed to serve at the request of the Corporation as an employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection with such action, suit or proceeding and any appeal therefrom, if he or she (x) acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation and, in the case of any such employee or agent, in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be not in violation of any policies or directives of the Corporation and (y) with respect to any criminal action or proceeding had no reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was unlawful except that in the case of an action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor (i) such indemnification shall be limited to expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in the defense or settlement of such action or suit and (ii) no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. The indemnification under this Section 6.01 shall apply to all directors and officers of the Corporation who sit on the boards of directors of non-profit corporations in keeping with the Corporation s philosophy. 
 
 The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 
 
 Section 6.02. Successful Defense . To the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, 
 26 

suit or proceeding referred to in Section 6.01 of these By-Laws or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he or she shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith. 
 
 Section 6.03. Determination That Indemnification Is Proper . Any indemnification of a director or officer of the Corporation under Section 6.01 of these By-Laws (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation unless a determination is made that indemnification of the director or officer is not proper in the circumstances because he or she has not met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 6.01 of these By-Laws. Any indemnification of an employee or agent of the Corporation under Section 6.01 of these By-Laws (unless ordered by a court) may be made by the Corporation upon a determination that indemnification of the employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 6.01 of these By-Laws. Any such determination shall be made (i) by a majority vote of the directors who are not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (ii) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (iii) by the stockholders. 
 
 Section 6.04. Advance Payment of Expenses . Expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by a director or officer of the Corporation in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he or she is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article. Such expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by other employees and agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if any, as the Board of Directors deems appropriate. The Board of Directors may authorize the Corporation's counsel to represent such director, officer, employee or agent in any action, suit or proceeding, whether or not the Corporation is a party to such action, suit or proceeding. 
 
 Section 6.05. Procedure for Indemnification of Directors and Officers . Any indemnification of a director or officer of the Corporation under Sections 6.01 and 6.02 of these By-Laws, or advance of costs, charges and expenses to a director or officer of the Corporation under Section 6.04 of these By-Laws, shall be made promptly, and in any event within 30 days, upon the written request of the director or officer. If a determination by the Corporation that the director or officer is entitled to indemnification pursuant to this Article is required, and the Corporation fails to respond within 60 days to a written request for indemnity, the Corporation shall be deemed to have approved such request. If the Corporation denies a written request for indemnity or advancement of expenses, in whole or in part, or if payment in full pursuant to such request is not made within 30 days, the right to indemnification or advances as granted by this Article shall be enforceable by the director or officer in any court of competent jurisdiction. Such person s costs and expenses incurred in connection with successfully establishing his right to indemnification, in whole or in part, in any such action shall also be indemnified by the Corporation. It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for the advance of costs, charges and expenses under Section 6.04 of these By-Laws where the required undertaking, if any, has been received by or tendered to the Corporation) that the claimant has not met the standard of conduct set forth in Section 6.01 of these By-Laws, but the burden of proving such defense shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, its independent legal counsel, and its stockholders) 
 27 

to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Section 6.01 of these By-Laws, nor the fact that there has been an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, its independent legal counsel, and its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 
 
 Section 6.06. Survival Preservation of Other Rights . The foregoing indemnification provisions shall be deemed to be a contract between the Corporation and each director, officer, employee and agent who serves in any such capacity at any time while these provisions as well as the relevant provisions of the General Corporation Law are in effect and any repeal or modification thereof shall not affect any right or obligation then existing with respect to any state of facts then or previously existing or any action, suit or proceeding previously or thereafter brought or threatened based in whole or in part upon any such state of facts. Such a contract right may not be modified retroactively without the consent of such director, officer, employee or agent. 
 
 The indemnification provided by this Article VI shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those indemnified may be entitled under any By-Law, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his or her official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. 
 
 Section 6.07. Insurance . The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was or has agreed to become a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him or her and incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in any such capacity, or arising out of his or her status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of this Article, provided that such insurance is available on acceptable terms, which determination shall be made by a vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 6.08. Severability . If this Article or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each director or officer and may indemnify each employee or agent of the Corporation as to costs, charges and expenses (including attorneys' fees) judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement with respect to any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, including an action by or in the right of the Corporation, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable portion of this Article that shall not have been invalidated and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. 

28 

ARTICLE VII 
 
 GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
 Section 7.01. Dividends . Subject to any applicable provisions of law and the Certificate of Incorporation, dividends upon the shares of the Corporation may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors and any such dividend may be paid in cash, property, or shares of the Corporation's capital stock. 
 
 A member of the Board of Directors, or a member of any Committee designated by the Board of Directors shall be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the records of the Corporation and upon such information, opinions, reports or statements presented to the Corporation by any of its officers or employees, or Committees of the Board of Directors, or by any other person as to matters the director reasonably believes are within such other person's professional or expert competence and who has been selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Corporation, as to the value and amount of the assets, liabilities and or net profits of the Corporation, or any other facts pertinent to the existence and amount of surplus or other funds from which dividends might properly be declared and paid. 
 
 Section 7.02. Reserves . There may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time, in its absolute discretion, thinks proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation or for such other purpose as the Board of Directors shall think conducive to the interest of the Corporation, and the Board of Directors may similarly modify or abolish any such reserve. 
 
 Section 7.03. Execution of Instruments . The Board of Directors, except as otherwise provided in these By-Laws, may prospectively or retroactively authorize any officer or officers, employee or employees or agent or agents, in the name and on behalf of the Corporation, to enter into any contract or agreement or execute and deliver any instrument, including checks, drafts and other orders for the payment of moneys out of the funds of the Corporation, promissory notes, bonds or other evidences of indebtedness of the Corporation, endorsements, assignments, transfers, stock powers or other instruments of transfer of stock or other securities belonging to and or standing in the name of the Corporation, and any other documents requiring the execution by or in the name of the Corporation, and any such authority may be general or confined to specific instances, or otherwise limited. 
 
 Section 7.04. Corporate Indebtedness . The Board of Directors may prospectively or retroactively authorize the Chief Executive Officer or any other officer, employee or agent of the Corporation to effect loans and advances at any time for the Corporation from any banks, trust company or other institution, or from any firm, corporation or individual, and, when authorized by the Board of Directors so to do, may pledge and hypothecate or transfer any securities or other property of the Corporation as security for any such loans or advances. Such authority conferred by the Board of Directors may be general or confined to specific instances, or otherwise limited. 

29 

Section 7.05. Fiscal Year . The Board of Directors may determine the fiscal year of the Corporation and may from time to time change the same. 
 
 Section 7.06. Seal . The seal of the Corporation shall be circular in form and shall contain the name of the Corporation, the year of its incorporation and the words Corporate Seal and Delaware . The form of such seal shall be subject to alteration by the Board of Directors. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed, affixed or reproduced, or may be used in any other lawful manner. 
 
 Section 7.07. Books and Records Inspection . Except to the extent otherwise required by law, the books and records of the Corporation shall be kept at such place or places within or without the State of Delaware as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. Subject to the General Corporation Law, the Board of Directors from time to time may determine whether, to what extent, at what times and places, and under what conditions and regulations, the accounts, books and papers of the Corporation, or any of them, shall be open to the inspection of stockholders and no stockholder shall have any right to inspect any account, book or paper of the Corporation except as expressly conferred by the General Corporation Law or authorized by the Board of Directors. 
 
 Section 7.08 Exclusive Forum . Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws, or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be the Delaware Court of Chancery, unless such court lacks jurisdiction over such action or proceeding in which case the sole and exclusive forum for such action or proceeding shall be another court of the State of Delaware or if no court of the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, then the federal district court for the District of Delaware. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this By-law. Any person who, or entity that, holds, purchases or otherwise acquires an interest in stock of the Corporation will be deemed (a) to have notice of, and agree to comply with, the provisions of this By-law, and (b) to consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Delaware Court of Chancery (or if the Delaware Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another court of the State of Delaware, or if no court of the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware) in any proceeding brought to enjoin any action by that person or entity that is inconsistent with the exclusive jurisdiction provided for in this By-law. If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of this By-law is filed in a court other than as specified above in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (a) the personal jurisdiction of the Delaware Court of Chancery, another court in the State of Delaware or the federal district court in the District of Delaware, as appropriate, in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce this By-law and (b) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the action as agent for such stockholder. 

30 

ARTICLE VIII 
 
 AMENDMENT OF BY-LAWS 
 
 Section 8.01. Amendment . Subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, these By-Laws may be amended, altered or repealed 
 
 (a) by resolution adopted by a majority of the Board of Directors at any special or regular meeting of the Board of Directors if, in the case of such special meeting only, notice of such amendment, alteration or repeal is contained in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting or 
 
 (b) at any regular or special meeting of the stockholders if, in the case of such special meeting only, notice of such amendment, alteration or repeal is contained in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting. 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 
 CONSTRUCTION 
 
 Section 9.01. Construction . Whenever in these By-Laws references are made to the Certificate of Incorporation, such references shall be deemed to be references to the Certificate of Incorporation, as the same, at the time of the adoption of these By-Laws, may have been amended and as the same, subsequent to such time, may be amended and wherever in these By-Laws references are made to the By-Laws of the Corporation, such references shall be deemed to be references to these By-Laws, and to the same as they from time to time may be amended. Wherever in these By-Laws references are made to the General Corporation Law, such references shall be deemed to be references to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 
 
 31 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-4.1>
 3
 exhibit41q4fy23.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following statements with respect to the capital stock of Automatic Data Processing, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company are subject to the detailed provisions of the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation Certificate of Incorporation ), dated November 10, 1998. These statements do not purport to be complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the terms of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company, each of which is incorporated by reference into this Exhibit 4.1. 
 
 The authorized capital of the Company consists of 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.10 per share (the Common Stock ), and 300,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 1.00 per share (the Preferred Stock ). At July 31, 2023, no shares of Preferred Stock and 411,986,870 shares of Common Stock (exclusive of 226,725,572 treasury shares) were issued and outstanding. The outstanding shares of Common Stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 
 
 Holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held and have the sole right to vote for the election of directors and on all matters requiring stockholder action. Holders of Common Stock have no cumulative voting rights. Holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends out of any funds of the Company lawfully available therefor under the laws of the State of Delaware if, when and as declared by the Board of Directors in its discretion, and are also entitled upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company to share ratably in the assets of the Company legally available for distribution to stockholders, subject in each event to the rights of the holders of any Preferred Stock which may be outstanding at the time. Holders of the Common Stock have no preemptive rights. Under the laws of the State of Delaware, shares of the Company s Common Stock may be, in effect, redeemed through mergers or similar transactions by which such shares are converted into cash, debt securities or other property. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.8>
 4
 exhibit108q4fy23.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.8

Document 

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYEES 
 SAVINGS STOCK PURCHASE PLAN 
 
 The following is an amendment and restatement of the Employees Savings-Stock Purchase Plan of Automatic Data Processing, Inc., originally adopted on May 2, 1968 and approved by stockholders on October 31, 1968, as amended and restated effective November 9, 2022. 
 
 1. Purpose. The purpose of the Plan is to provide eligible employees of the Company and its Designated Subsidiaries with a convenient opportunity to purchase Common Stock of the Company. It is the intention of the Company to have the Plan qualify as an Employee Stock Purchase Plan under Section 423 of the Code. The provisions of the Plan shall, accordingly, be construed so as to extend and limit participation in a manner consistent with the requirements of that section of the Code. 
 
 2. Definitions. 
 
 (a) Administration Committee means a committee appointed by the Board. In the absence of a contrary designation by the Board, the Administration Committee shall be the Compensation and Management Development Committee of the Board. 
 
 (b) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 
 (c) Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 (d) Common Stock means the Common Stock of the Company, par value .10 per share. 

(e) Company means Automatic Data Processing, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 
 (f) Compensation means the base salary (determined on such date as may be established by 
 the Administration Committee) received by an Employee from the Company or a Designated Subsidiary provided , however , that for sales Employees Compensation may be established using the Company s sales benefits earnings calculation in effect from time to time, or such other method as may be determined by the Administration Committee. 
 
 (g) Continuous Status as an Employee means the absence of any interruption or termination of service as an Employee. Continuous Status as an Employee shall not be considered interrupted in the case of (i) sick leave, military leave, or other bona fide leave of absence which is required by law to be considered uninterrupted service or which is otherwise approved by the Administration Committee if the period of such leave does not exceed 90 days, or if longer, so long as the individual s right to reemployment as an Employee is guaranteed either by contract or statute or (ii) transfers between locations of the Company or between and among the Company and its Designated Subsidiaries. For purposes of clarification, the disposition of a Designated Subsidiary shall constitute a termination of the Continuous Status as an Employee of any Employee employed by such Designated Subsidiary. 
 
 (h) Contributions means all amounts credited to the account of a Participant pursuant to the Plan. 
 
 (i) Corporate Transaction means a sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets, or a merger, consolidation or other capital reorganization of the Company with or into another corporation, or any other transaction or series of related transactions in which the Company s stockholders immediately prior thereto own less than 50 of the voting stock of the Company (or its successor or parent) immediately thereafter. 
 
 (j) Designated Broker shall mean Fidelity, or such other institution selected by the Administration Committee. 
 
 (k) Designated Subsidiaries means all Subsidiaries organized under the laws of any state of the United States of America, except with respect to any of such Subsidiaries which the Board or the Administration Committee has determined is not eligible to participate in the Plan provided , however , 

that Subsidiaries employing as a service for clients any worksite, leased, or similar type employees under a professional employer, employee leasing, or similar type of employment relationship shall not be Designated Subsidiaries. 
 
 (l) Employee means any person who is an employee of the Company or one of its Designated Subsidiaries for tax purposes and who is customarily employed thereby for at least twenty hours per week. 
 
 (m) Exchange Act means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 (n) Fair Market Value means, for any date, the closing sales price of a Share on the primary exchange on which the Common Stock is traded on such date or, in the event that the Common Stock is not traded on such date, then the immediately preceding trading date. 
 
 (o) Maximum Number of Shares means an amount of Shares equal to the quotient of (x) 12,500 divided by (y) the Fair Market Value of a Share on the first day of the applicable Offering Period. 
 
 (p) New Purchase Date shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 16(b). 
 
 (q) Offering Date means the first day of each Offering Period, as determined in accordance with Section 3. 
 
 (r) Offering Period means the period described in Section 3. 
 
 (s) Plan means this Automatic Data Processing, Inc. Amended and Restated Employees Savings Stock Purchase Plan. 
 
 (t) Participant means an eligible Employee who has elected to participate in the Plan in accordance with Section 5. 
 
 (u) Purchase Date means the last day of each Offering Period. 
 
 (v) Purchase Price means an amount equal to 95 of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the Purchase Date for an Offering Period. 
 
 (w) Reserves shall have the meaning ascribed to it in Section 16(a). 
 
 (x) Rule 16b-3 means Rule 16b-3 adopted under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 (y) Share means a share of Common Stock, as adjusted in accordance with Section 16. 
 
 (z) Subsidiary means a corporation which is a subsidiary corporation of the Company within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code. 
 
 3. Offering Periods. The Plan shall be implemented by a series of consecutive Offering Periods commencing on July 2 and January 2 of each calendar year and ending on the following January 1 and July 1, respectively provided , however , that the Administration Committee may determine that any Offering Period shall commence on a different date and or be of a different duration. 
 
 4. Eligibility. Subject to the requirements of Section 5 and the limitations imposed by Section 423(b) of the Code (and unless different dates are established by the Administration Committee in respect of any Offering Period), a person shall be eligible to participate in an Offering Period if such person is (i) with respect to Offering Periods that commence on July 2, an Employee of the Company or a Designated Subsidiary from the immediately preceding May 25th (or, if such date is not a business day, the next following business day) through and including the Offering Date for such Offering Period and (ii) with respect to Offering Periods that commence on January 2, an Employee of the Company or a Designated Subsidiary from the immediately preceding November 25th (or, if such date is not a business day, the next following business day) through and including the Offering Date for such Offering Period. 

5. Participation. 
 
 (a) An eligible Employee may become a Participant in respect of an Offering Period by electing to participate in the manner approved by the Administration Committee. An Employee that elects to participate in an Offering Period shall do so prior to the tenth day preceding the first day of the applicable Offering Period (or, if such date is not a business day, the next following business day), unless a different time for electing to participate is set by the Administration Committee. 
 
 (b) A Participant s election shall indicate either a fixed dollar amount or a non-fractional percentage of such Participant s Compensation, in either case, as may be determined by the Administration Committee, to be contributed during the applicable Offering Period provided , however , that (i) a Participant s election shall be subject to the limitations of Section 7(b), and (ii) a Participant shall not be entitled to elect more than 5 of such Participant s Compensation. 
 
 6. Method of Payment of Contributions. 
 
 (a) Payroll deductions shall be made from a Participant s Compensation during an Offering Period in an aggregate amount equal to the Participant s contribution election for such Offering Period. All payroll deductions made by a Participant shall be credited to his or her account under the Plan. Participant may not make a prepayment or any additional payments into such account. Payroll deductions in respect of any Offering Period shall commence on the first full payroll following the first day of the associated Offering Period and shall end on the last payroll paid on or prior to the Purchase Date of such Offering Period, unless sooner terminated by the Participant as provided in Section 10. 
 
 (b) A Participant may elect at any time during an Offering Period (but with prospective effect only) to reduce (but not increase) the payroll deduction percentage he or she has elected in respect of such Offering Period in accordance with such procedures as may be established by the Administration Committee. 
 
 (c) Participants on an authorized leave of absence during an Offering Period may continue to participate in such Offering Period provided , however , that a Participant on an authorized leave of absence will have contributions suspended during such leave of absence and, absent any other instruction from such Participant, such contributions will resume upon the next payroll following such Participant s return from such leave of absence. 
 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 423(b)(8) of the Code and Section 7(b) herein, a Participant s payroll deductions may be decreased by the Company to zero during any Offering Period. 
 
 7. Grant of Option. 
 
 (a) On each Offering Date, each Participant shall be deemed to have been granted an option to purchase as many Shares (rounded down to the nearest whole Share or fractional Share as determined by the Board or the Administrative Committee) as may be purchased with his or her Contributions during the related Offering Period at the Purchase Price provided , however , that such option shall be subject to the limitations set forth in Section 7(b) below, Section 11, and may be reduced pursuant to Section 6, in each case, if applicable. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding any contrary provisions of the Plan, each option to purchase Shares under the Plan shall be limited as necessary to prevent any Employee from (i) immediately after the grant, owning capital stock of the Company and holding outstanding options to purchase capital stock of the Company possessing, in the aggregate, more than five percent of the total combined voting power or value of all classes of stock of the Company or of any Subsidiary, including for this purpose any stock attributed to such Employee pursuant to Section 424(d) of the Code, (ii) acquiring rights to purchase stock under all employee stock purchase plans (as described in Section 423 of the Code or any other similar arrangements maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) of the Company and its Subsidiaries which accrue at a rate that exceeds 25,000 of the Fair Market Value of such stock (determined at the time such option is granted) for each calendar year in which such option is outstanding and exercisable at any time or (iii) purchasing, in respect of any Offering Period, more than the Maximum Number of Shares. 

8. Exercise of Option Interest. 
 
 (a) Unless a Participant withdraws from the Plan as provided in Section 10, his or her option for the purchase of Shares will be exercised automatically on each Purchase Date, and the number of Shares subject to the option will be purchased at the applicable Purchase Price with the accumulated Contributions in his or her account. The Board or the Administration Committee may in its discretion permit the issuance of fractional Shares. Interest on Contributions (as calculated in accordance with Section 8(c)) and any amounts accumulated in a Participant s account that are not used to purchase Shares (if any) shall be refunded to the Participant in cash. Notwithstanding Section 9 below, the Shares purchased upon exercise of an option hereunder shall be deemed to be transferred to the Participant as of the Purchase Date. During his or her lifetime, a Participant s option to purchase Shares hereunder is exercisable only by him or her. 
 
 (b) At the time an option granted under the Plan is exercised, in whole or in part, or at the time some or all of the Common Stock issued to a Participant under the Plan is disposed of, the Participant must make adequate provisions for any applicable federal, state or other tax withholding obligations, if any, which arise upon the Purchase Date or the disposition of the Common Stock. At any time, the Company or a Designated Subsidiary may, but will not be obligated to, withhold from the Participant s compensation the amount necessary to meet applicable withholding obligations, including any withholding required to make available to the Company any tax deductions or benefits attributable to the sale or disposition of Common Stock by the Participant earlier than as described in Section 423(a)(1) of the Code. 
 
 (c) Each Participant s account shall be credited daily with interest at an annual rate determined by the Administration Committee and such interest shall be compounded daily. 
 
 9. Delivery. As promptly as practicable after each Purchase Date, the number of Shares purchased by each Participant upon exercise of his or her option shall be deposited into an account established in the Participant s name with the Designated Broker. The Administration Committee may determine that, for eighteen months following each Purchase Date, no Share purchased on such Purchase Date may be transferred out of such Participant s account with the Designated Broker other than in connection with the disposition, as such term is used in Section 423(a)(1) of the Code, of such Share. 
 
 10. Voluntary Withdrawal Termination of Employment. 
 
 (a) A Participant may withdraw all but not less than all the Contributions credited to his or her account under the Plan at any time prior to each Purchase Date by giving written notice to the Company in the manner directed by the Company. All of the Participant s Contributions, plus any interest, credited to his or her account with respect to an Offering Period will be paid to him or her as soon as administratively practicable after receipt of his or her notice of withdrawal, his or her option for the current Offering Period will be automatically terminated, and no further Contributions for the purchase of Shares may be made by the Participant with respect to such Offering Period. A Participant s withdrawal from the Plan during an Offering Period will not have any effect upon his or her eligibility to participate in a succeeding Offering Period or in any similar plan that may hereafter be adopted by the Company. 
 
 (b) Upon termination of the Participant s Continuous Status as an Employee prior to a Purchase Date for any reason, including retirement or death, the Contributions, plus any interest, credited to his or her account will be returned to him or her and his or her option will be automatically terminated provided , however , that in the event of the death of a Participant, the Company shall deliver the Contributions, plus any interest, to the executor or administrator of the estate of the Participant or, if no such executor or administrator has been appointed (to the knowledge of the Company), the Company, in its discretion, may deliver such amounts to the spouse or to any one or more dependents or relatives of the Participant. 
 
 11. Shares. 
 
 (a) Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 16, the maximum number of Shares which shall be made available for sale under the Plan shall be 5,284,914. If the Administration Committee determines at any time that, on a given Purchase Date, the number of Shares with respect to which options are to be exercised may exceed the number of Shares that are available for sale under the Plan on such Purchase Date, the Board or the Administration Committee may in its discretion provide (x) that the Company shall 

make a pro rata allocation of the Shares available for purchase on such Purchase Date, in as uniform a manner as shall be practicable and as it shall determine to be equitable among all Participants exercising options to purchase Common Stock on such Purchase Date, and continue all Offering Periods then in effect, or (y) that the Company shall make a pro rata allocation of the Shares available for purchase on such Purchase Date, as applicable, in as uniform a manner as shall be practicable and as it shall determine to be equitable among all Participants exercising options to purchase Common Stock on such Purchase Date, and terminate any or all Offering Periods then in effect pursuant to Section 17 below. 
 
 (b) The Participant shall have no interest or voting right in Shares covered by his or her option until such option has been exercised. 
 
 (c) Shares to be delivered to a Participant under the Plan will be registered in the name of the Participant. 
 
 12. Administration. 
 
 (a) Subject to the express provisions of the Plan, the Administration Committee shall supervise and administer the Plan and shall have full power to adopt, amend and rescind any rules deemed desirable and appropriate for the administration of the Plan and not inconsistent with the Plan, to construe and interpret the Plan, and to make all other determinations necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. The authority of the Administration Committee includes, without limitation, the authority to (i) determine procedures for setting or changing payroll deduction percentages, and obtaining necessary tax withholdings, and (ii) adopt amendments to the Plan in accordance with Section 17. The determinations of the Administration Committee shall be final, binding, and conclusive. 
 
 (b) The Board and the Administration Committee may delegate any or all of their authority and obligations under this Plan to such committee or committees (including without limitation, a committee of the Board) or officer(s) of the Company as they may designate. Notwithstanding any such delegation of authority, the Board may itself take any action under the Plan in its discretion at any time, and any reference in this Plan document to the rights and obligations of the Administration Committee shall be construed to apply equally to the Board. Any references to the Board mean only the Board. 
 
 13. Transferability. Neither amounts accumulated in a Participant s account nor any rights with regard to the exercise of an option or to receive Shares under the Plan may be assigned, transferred, pledged or otherwise disposed of in any way (other than by will, the laws of descent and distribution, or as provided in Section 10) by the Participant. Any such attempt at assignment, transfer, pledge or other disposition shall be without effect, except that the Company may treat such act as an election to withdraw funds in accordance with Section 10. 
 
 14. Use of Funds. All Contributions received or held by the Company under the Plan may be used by the Company for any corporate purpose, and the Company shall not be obligated to segregate such Contributions. 
 
 15. Reports. Statements of account will be made available to Participants by the Company or the Designated Broker in the form and manner designated by the Administration Committee. 
 
 16. Adjustments Upon Changes in Capitalization Corporate Transactions. 
 
 (a) Adjustment. Subject to any required action by the stockholders of the Company, (i) the number of Shares covered by each option under the Plan that has not yet been exercised, (ii) the number of Shares that have been authorized for issuance under the Plan but have not yet been placed under option (collectively, the Reserves ), and (iii) the number of Shares set forth in Section 11 above, shall, if applicable, be proportionately adjusted for any increase or decrease in the number of issued Shares resulting from a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, subdivision, combination or reclassification of the Common Stock (including any such change in the number of shares of Common Stock effected in connection with a change in domicile of the Company), or any other increase or decrease in the number of Shares effected without receipt of consideration by the Company, or any increase or decrease in the value of a Share resulting from a spin-off or split-up provided , however , that conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be deemed to have been effected without receipt of consideration. Such adjustment shall be made by the Administration Committee, whose determination in that respect shall be final, binding and conclusive. Except as expressly provided herein, no issue by the Company of 

shares of stock of any class, or securities convertible into shares of stock of any class, shall affect, and no adjustment by reason thereof shall be made with respect to, the number or price of Shares subject to an option. 

(b) Corporate Transactions. In the event of a dissolution or liquidation of the Company, any Offering Period then in progress will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such action, unless otherwise provided by the Board. In the event of a Corporate Transaction, each option outstanding under the Plan shall be assumed or an equivalent option shall be substituted by the successor corporation or a parent or subsidiary of such successor corporation. In the event that the successor corporation refuses to assume or substitute for outstanding options, each Offering Period then in progress shall be shortened and a new Purchase Date shall be set (the New Purchase Date ), as of which date any Offering Period then in progress will terminate. The New Purchase Date shall be on or before the date of consummation of the Corporate Transaction and the Board shall notify each Participant in writing, at least ten days prior to the New Purchase Date, that the Purchase Date for his or her option has been changed to the New Purchase Date and that his or her option will be exercised automatically on the New Purchase Date, unless prior to such date he or she has withdrawn from the Offering Period as provided in Section 10. For purposes of this Section 16, an option granted under the Plan shall be deemed to be assumed, without limitation, if, at the time of issuance of the stock or other consideration upon a Corporate Transaction, each holder of an option under the Plan would be entitled to receive upon exercise of the option the same number and kind of Shares of stock or the same amount of property, cash or securities as such holder would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of the transaction if the holder had been, immediately prior to the transaction, the holder of the number of shares of Common Stock covered by the option at such time (after giving effect to any adjustments in the number of Shares covered by the option as provided for in this Section 16) provided , however , that if the consideration received in the transaction is not solely common stock of the successor corporation or its parent (as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code), the Board may, with the consent of the successor corporation, provide for the consideration to be received upon exercise of the option to be solely common stock of the successor corporation or its parent equal in Fair Market Value to the per Share consideration received by holders of Common Stock in the transaction. 
 
 (c) Sales of Designated Subsidiaries and Business Units. In the event the Company consummates the sale or transfer of a Designated Subsidiary, business unit or division to an unaffiliated person or entity, or the spin-off of a Designated Subsidiary, business unit or division to shareholders during an Offering Period, the Contributions, plus any interest thereon (if any), credited to the account of each Participant employed by such Designated Subsidiary, business unit or division, as applicable, as of the time of such sale, transfer or spin-off with respect the offering to which such Offering Period relates, will be returned to the Participant and the Participant s option will be automatically terminated. 
 
 (d) Other Adjustments. The Administration Committee may, if it so determines in the exercise of its sole discretion, also make provision for adjusting the Reserves, as well as the price per Share covered by each outstanding option, in the event that the Company effects one or more reorganizations, recapitalizations, rights offerings or other increases or reductions of shares of its outstanding Common Stock, and in the event of the Company s being consolidated with or merged into any other corporation. 
 
 17. Amendment or Termination. 
 
 (a) The Board may at any time and for any reason terminate the Plan. Except as provided in Section 16, no such termination of the Plan may affect options previously granted, provided that the Plan or an Offering Period may be terminated by the Board on a Purchase Date or by the Board s setting a new Purchase Date with respect to an Offering Period then in progress if the Board determines that termination of the Plan and or the Offering Period is in the best interests of the Company and the stockholders or if continuation of the Plan and or the Offering Period would cause the Company to incur adverse accounting charges as a result of a change after the effective date of the Plan in the generally accepted accounting principles applicable to the Plan. Either the Board or the Administration Committee may amend the Plan, provided , however , that the Administration Committee may amend the Plan only to the extent required to comply with applicable law. Except as provided in Section 16 and in this Section 17, no amendment to the Plan shall make any change in any option previously granted that adversely affects the rights of any Participant. In addition, to the extent necessary to comply with Rule 16b-3 or Section 423 

of the Code (or any successor rule or provision or any applicable law or regulation), the Company shall obtain stockholder approval in such a manner and to such a degree as so required. 
 
 (b) Without stockholder consent and without regard to whether any Participant rights may be considered to have been adversely affected, the Board or the Administration Committee shall be entitled to change the Offering Periods, limit the frequency and or number of changes in the amount withheld during an Offering Period, permit payroll withholding in excess of the amount designated by a Participant in order to adjust for delays or mistakes in the Company s processing of properly completed withholding elections, establish reasonable waiting and adjustment periods and or accounting and crediting procedures to ensure that amounts applied toward the purchase of Common Stock for each Participant properly correspond with amounts withheld from the Participant s Compensation, and establish such other limitations or procedures as the Board or the Administration Committee determines in its sole discretion advisable that are consistent with the Plan. 
 
 18. Notices. All notices or other communications by a Participant to the Company under or in connection with the Plan shall be deemed to have been duly given when received in the form specified by the Company at the location, or by the person, designated by the Company for the receipt thereof. 
 
 19. Conditions Upon Issuance of Shares. Shares shall not be issued with respect to an option unless the exercise of such option and the issuance and delivery of such Shares pursuant thereto shall comply with all applicable provisions of law, including, without limitation, the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Exchange Act, the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, applicable state securities laws and the requirements of any stock exchange upon which the Shares may then be listed, and shall be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance. 
 
 As a condition to the exercise of an option, the Company may require the person exercising such option to represent and warrant at the time of any such exercise that the Shares are being purchased only for investment and without any present intention to sell or distribute such Shares if, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, such a representation is required by any of the aforementioned applicable provisions of law. 
 
 20. Term of Plan Effective Date. The Plan was originally adopted by the Board on May 2, 1968, and approved by the Company s stockholders on October 31, 1968, and has been amended and approved by stockholders from time to time since then. The Plan, as amended and restated herein, shall be effective upon the approval by the Company s stockholders at the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and shall continue in force and effect until terminated under Section 17. 
 
 21. Additional Restrictions of Rule 16b-3. The terms and conditions of options granted hereunder to, and the purchase of Shares by, persons subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act shall comply with the applicable provisions of Rule 16b-3. This Plan shall be deemed to contain, and such options shall contain, and the Shares issued upon exercise thereof shall be subject to, such additional conditions and restrictions as may be required by Rule 16b-3 to qualify for the maximum exemption from Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to Plan transactions. 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.31>
 5
 exhibit1031q4fy23.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.31

Document 

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. 2018 OMNIBUS AWARD PLAN 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. (the Company ), pursuant to the 2018 Omnibus Award Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ), hereby irrevocably grants you (the Participant ), on DATE (the Grant Date ), a forfeitable Restricted Stock Unit Award (the Restricted Unit Award ), subject to (1) the restrictions, terms and conditions herein, and (2) any additional terms and conditions applicable to the Participant, as set forth in the appendices attached hereto (the Appendices ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has determined that it would be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to grant the award provided for herein to the Participant, on the terms and conditions described in this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, including the Appendices, together, the Agreement ). 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the promises and the covenants of the parties contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, for themselves, and their permitted successors and assigns, hereby agree as follows 
 
 1. Terms and Conditions . 
 
 (a) Vesting . Subject to the other terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, the Restricted Period with respect to 
 
 (i) one third of the Restricted Unit Award shall lapse on the first anniversary of the Grant Date 
 
 (ii) an additional one third of the Restricted Unit Award shall lapse on the second anniversary of the Grant Date and 
 
 (iii) the remainder of the Restricted Unit Award shall lapse on the third anniversary of the Grant Date 
 
 in each case, subject to any additional terms and conditions applicable to the Participant, as set forth in the Appendices. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Restricted Period with respect to any unvested portion of the Restricted Unit Award shall lapse as of immediately prior to the consummation of a Change in Control, unless the successor company, or a parent of the successor company, in the Change in Control agrees to assume, replace, or substitute the unvested portion of the Restricted Unit Award granted hereunder (as of the consummation of such Change in Control) with restricted stock units on substantially identical terms, as determined by the Committee. 
 
 (b) Dividend Equivalents Settlement Payment . 
 
 (i) Dividend Equivalents . If the Participant s home country is the United States, each time the Company pays a dividend with respect to a share of Common Stock 

during the period from the Grant Date until the time at which the Restricted Period lapses in respect of the Restricted Unit Award (each such payment date, a Dividend Payment Date ), the Company shall pay to the Participant a dividend equivalent in cash in an amount equal to (i) the amount of such dividend, multiplied by (ii) the number of shares underlying the Restricted Unit Award, as soon as administratively possible (but not later than 30 days) after the Dividend Payment Date. 
 
 (ii) Settlement Payment . If the Participant s home country is the United States, the Company shall settle as soon as administratively possible (but not later than 30 days) after the applicable vesting date, any vested portion of the Restricted Unit Award by causing one share of Common Stock for each vested Restricted Stock Unit that is outstanding (and not previously forfeited) to be registered in the name of the Participant and held in book-entry form. If the Participant s home country is not the United States, (x) the Company shall settle as soon as administratively possible after the applicable vesting date, any vested portion of the Restricted Unit Award by the payment to the Participant in cash (without interest) of an amount equal to the Participant s vested portion of the Restricted Unit Award, subject to applicable Tax-Related Items (as defined in Appendix B to this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement) and (y) at no time shall the Participant be deemed for any purpose to be the owner of shares of Common Stock in connection with a Restricted Unit Award and the Participant shall have no right to dividends or dividend equivalent payments in respect of the Restricted Unit Award. 
 
 (c) Forfeiture . Except as otherwise determined by the Committee in its sole discretion or as set forth in Section 1(a), any unvested portion of Restricted Unit Awards, including any applicable cash dividend equivalents, shall be forfeited without consideration to the Participant upon the Participant s termination of employment with the Company or its Affiliates for any reason provided , however , that if (x) on the Grant Date, the Participant is eligible to receive performance stock units as part of his or her annual equity award mix, (y) the Participant s home country is the United States and (z) such Participant s employment with the Company or one of its Affiliates is terminated due to retirement (defined for purposes of this Agreement as voluntary termination of employment at or after age 55 with 10 years of service with the Company or its Affiliates) on or after January 1 st of the fiscal year of the Grant Date but prior to the third anniversary of the Grant Date, then the unvested portion of the Restricted Unit Award shall not be forfeited but shall remain outstanding, including the cash dividend equivalents relating thereto, and the Restricted Period shall lapse with respect to such unvested portion on the normal schedule set forth in Section 1(a) as if the Participant s employment had not terminated provided , further , that if (A) (i) on the Grant Date, the Participant is eligible to receive performance stock units as part of his or her annual equity award mix, (ii) the Participant s home country is not the United States and (iii) such Participant s employment with the Company or one of its Affiliates is terminated due to retirement (as defined above) on or after January 1 st of the fiscal year of the Grant Date but prior to the third anniversary of the Grant Date or (B) the Participant s employment with the Company or one of its Affiliates is terminated due to death or Disability prior to the third anniversary of the Grant Date, then the unvested portion of the Restricted Unit Award shall vest in full upon such termination. 

Further, if the Participant s home country is not the United States, for purposes of the Award, the Participant s employment relationship will be considered terminated as of the date the Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or one of its Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not such termination is later found invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed, or the terms of the Participant s employment agreement, if any), and such date will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., the Participant s period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or the terms of the Participant s employment agreement, if any). The Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Participant may still be considered to be providing active services for purposes of the Restricted Unit Award (including whether the Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 
 
 (d) Tax Withholding . The Participant shall be required to satisfy any and all required withholding taxes in respect of the Restricted Unit Award in accordance with the provisions of Section 14(e) of the Plan. 
 
 (e) Rights as a Stockholder . The Participant shall have no rights with respect to the shares underlying the Restricted Unit Award unless and until the Participant becomes the record owner of such shares. 
 
 2. Restrictive Covenant Agreement Clawback Incorporation by Reference . 

(a) Restrictive Covenant Agreement . If the Participant s home country is Australia, Canada, or the United States, this Restricted Unit Award is conditioned upon the Participant s agreement to this Agreement and the Restrictive Covenant Agreement furnished herewith and which includes, among other provisions, certain non-competition, non-solicitation and non-disclosure covenants. If such Participant does not agree (whether electronically or otherwise) to this Agreement and the Restrictive Covenant Agreement within ninety (90) days from the Grant Date, the Restricted Unit Award shall be terminable by the Company. 
 
 (b) Clawback Forfeiture . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Restricted Unit Award may be forfeited without consideration if the Participant, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion (i) engages in an activity that is in conflict with or adverse to the interests of the Company or any Affiliate, including but not limited to fraud or conduct contributing to any financial restatements or irregularities, or (ii) without the consent of the Company, while employed by or providing services to the Company or any Affiliate or after termination of such employment or service, violates a non-competition, non-solicitation or non-disclosure covenant or agreement (including, if applicable, the Restrictive Covenant Agreement furnished herewith) between the Participant and the Company or any Affiliate. If the Participant engages in any activity referred to in the preceding sentence, the Participant shall, at the sole discretion of the Committee, (x) if the Participant s home country is the United States, forfeit any gain realized in respect of the Restricted Unit Award (which gain shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the Fair Market Value, on the applicable vesting date, of the shares of Common Stock delivered to the Participant), and repay such gain to the Company or (y) 

if the Participant s home country is not the United States, forfeit the amount paid in respect of the Restricted Unit Award, and repay such amount to the Company. 
 
 (c) Incorporation by Reference . The provisions of the Plan are hereby incorporated herein by reference. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the provisions of the Plan and any capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the definitions set forth in the Plan. 
 
 3. Compliance with Legal Requirements . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, unless there is an available exemption from any registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the grant or payment of the Awards, including the delivery of shares of Common Stock, the Company shall not be required to grant or pay the Award, or deliver any shares subject to the Restricted Unit Award prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of the Award or shares under any U.S. or non-U.S. federal, state or local securities or exchange control law or under rulings or regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or of any other governmental regulatory body, or prior to obtaining any approval or other clearance from any U.S. or non-U.S. federal, state or local governmental agency, which registration, qualification or approval the Company shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable. The Participant understands that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the Award or shares with any U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the grant of the Award or the issuance or sale of the shares. Further, the Participant agrees that the Company shall have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and the Agreement without the Participant s consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws applicable to the grant or payment of the Award, including the issuance of shares. 
 
 4. Transferability . No Restricted Unit Award may be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered by the Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and any such purported assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer or encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable against the Company or any Affiliate. 
 
 5. Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) Waiver . Any right of the Company contained in this Agreement may be waived in writing by the Committee. No waiver of any right hereunder by any party shall operate as a waiver of any other right, or as a waiver of the same right with respect to any subsequent occasion for its exercise, or as a waiver of any right to damages. No waiver by any party of any breach of this Agreement shall be held to constitute a waiver of any other breach or a waiver of the continuation of the same breach. 
 
 (b) Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement and each other provision of this Agreement shall be severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 

(c) No Right to Employment . Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as giving the Participant any right to be retained, in any position, as an 

employee, consultant, or director of the Company or its Affiliates or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the right of the Company or its Affiliates, which are hereby expressly reserved, to remove, terminate or discharge the Participant with or without cause at any time for any reason whatsoever. 
 
 (d) Successors . The terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, its successors and assigns, the Participant and the beneficiaries, executors, administrators, heirs and successors of the Participant. 
 
 (e) Entire Agreement . This Agreement, the Plan and, if applicable, the Restrictive Covenant Agreement contain the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter contained herein and supersede all prior communications, representations and negotiations in respect thereto provided, however, that if the Participant s home country is Australia, Canada or the United States, the Participant understands that the Participant may have an existing agreement(s) with the Company, through prior awards, acquisition of a prior employer or otherwise, that may include the same or similar covenants as those in the Restrictive Covenant Agreement furnished herewith, and acknowledges that the Restrictive Covenant Agreement is meant to supplement any such agreement(s) such that the covenants in the agreements that provide the Company with the greatest protection enforceable under applicable law shall control, and that the parties do not intend to create any ambiguity or conflict through the execution of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement that would release the Participant from the obligations the Participant has assumed under the restrictive covenants in any of these agreements. No change, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same be in writing and signed by the parties hereto, except for any changes permitted without consent of the Participant under the Plan. 
 
 (f) Governing Law and Venue . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of law thereof, or principles of conflicts of laws of any other jurisdiction which could cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by the Restricted Unit Award or this Agreement, to the extent permitted by applicable law where the Participant resides, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of New Jersey and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of Essex County, New Jersey, or the federal courts of the United States for the District of New Jersey, and no other courts, such jurisdiction being where the grant is made and or to be performed. 
 
 (g) Headings . The headings of the Sections hereof are provided for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement. 

(h) Appendices. If the Participant s home country is not the United States, this Restricted Unit Award shall be subject to the additional terms and conditions set forth in Appendices B, C and D to this Agreement, as applicable to the Participant s country. Moreover, if Participant relocates from the U.S. to one of the countries included in Appendix D or if the Participant relocates between countries included in Appendix D during the life of the Restricted Unit Award, the additional terms and conditions set forth 

in Appendices B, C and D to this Agreement shall apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendices B, C and D constitute part of this Agreement. Participants whose home country is not the United States should review Appendices B, C and D to this Agreement carefully. 
 
 (i) No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 (j) Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . Participant acknowledges that the Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market-abuse laws which may affect the Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Common Stock, rights to shares of Common Stock, or rights linked to the value of shares of Common Stock during such times as the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws or regulations in the Participant s country). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant places before possessing inside information. Furthermore, the Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under the Company s insider trading policy. The Participant is responsible for complying with any applicable restrictions, and should speak to his or her personal legal advisor for further details regarding any applicable insider trading and or market abuse laws in the Participant s country. 
 
 (k) Electronic Delivery and Participation . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 
 (l) Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Unit Awards and on any payment received under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 

By accepting this Agreement through the online acceptance tool on Fidelity Stock Plan Services website, the Participant agrees to all of the terms and conditions in this Agreement and the Plan. 

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. 
 
 ____________________________________ 

</EX-10.31>

<EX-10.32>
 6
 exhibit1032q4fy23.htm
 EXHIBIT 10.32

Document 

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. 2018 OMNIBUS AWARD PLAN 
 
 PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. (the Company ), pursuant to the 2018 Omnibus Award Plan, as amended from time to time (the Plan ), hereby irrevocably grants you (the Participant ), on DATE (the Grant Date ), a Performance Stock Unit Award (the Award of forfeitable performance stock units of the Company PSUs ), each PSU representing the right to receive one share of the Company s common stock, par value 0.10 per share Common Stock ), subject to (1) the restrictions, terms and conditions herein and (2) any additional terms and conditions applicable to the Participant, as set forth in the appendices attached hereto (the Appendices ). 
 
 WHEREAS, the Participant has been selected as a participant in the three-year performance stock unit program of the Company covering the Company s 20 XX , 20 XX and 20 XX fiscal years, as described in the letter previously provided to the Participant (the PSU Award Letter and 
 
 WHEREAS, the Compensation Committee (the Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board has determined that it would be in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to grant the award provided for herein to the Participant, on the terms and conditions described in this Performance Stock Unit Award Agreement, including the Appendices (together, the Agreement ). 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the promises and the covenants of the parties contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, for themselves, and their permitted successors and assigns, hereby agree as follows 
 
 1. Terms and Conditions . 
 
 (a) Award . Subject to the other terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, the actual number of PSUs that are earned, if any, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Award will be determined by the Company (the Total Award and shall be computed in accordance with Section 3 below, as a percentage of the sum of (i) the Target Number of PSUs set forth in the PSU Award Letter (the Target Award plus (ii) any Dividend Equivalent PSUs (as defined below). The Total Award shall be a whole number of PSUs only. 
 
 (b) Performance Period Measurement Period . Subject to the other terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, the performance period for the Award commenced on July 1, 20 XX and shall terminate on June 30, 20 XX (the Performance Period ). During the Performance Period there will be three (3) separate measurement periods (each, a Measurement Period of the Company s performance based on one or more financial metrics established by the Committee and communicated to the Participant (as applicable, the Financial Metrics ). 
 
 (c) Dividend Equivalents . Until shares of Common Stock are delivered to the Participant in respect of the settlement of the Award, at no time shall the Participant be deemed for any purpose to be the owner of shares of Common Stock in connection with the Award and the Participant shall have no right to dividends in respect of the Award 

provided , however , that each time the Company pays a dividend with respect to a share of Common Stock during the period from the Grant Date to the Payout Date (as defined below), the Participant shall be credited with an additional number of PSUs (the Dividend Equivalent PSUs equal to (i) the quotient obtained by dividing the amount of such dividend by the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Plan) of a share of Common Stock on such date, multiplied by (ii) the Target Award. 
 
 (d) Settlement . If the Participant s home country is the United States, subject to the other terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, the Company shall settle the Award by causing one share of Common Stock for each PSU in the Total Award that is outstanding (and not previously forfeited) as of the Payout Date to be registered in the name of the Participant and held in book-entry form on the Payout Date. If the Participant s home country is not the United States, subject to the other terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, the Company shall settle the Award by the payment to the Participant in cash (without interest) of an amount equal to the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock underlying the PSUs (the U.S. dollar value of the shares of Common Stock underlying the PSUs will be converted into the Participant s local currency using the exchange rate determined by the Company) on the Payout Date. 
 
 (e) Tax Withholding . The Participant shall be required to satisfy any and all required withholding taxes in respect of the Performance Stock Unit Award in accordance with the provisions of Section 14(e) of the Plan. 

2. Forfeiture of PSUs . 
 
 (a) Termination of Employment Generally . Except as otherwise determined by the Company in its sole discretion or as provided in Section 2(b) or Appendix A to this Agreement, all PSUs and Dividend Equivalent PSUs shall be forfeited without consideration to the Participant upon the Participant s termination of employment with the Company or its Affiliates for any reason (and the Participant shall forfeit any rights to receive shares of Common Stock or cash in respect of the Award). For the avoidance of doubt, unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, employment or service during only a portion of the Performance Period shall not entitle the Participant to vest in a pro rata portion of the PSUs. 
 
 Further, if the Participant s home country is not the United States, for purposes of this Award, the Participant s employment relationship will be considered terminated as of the date the Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or one of its Affiliates (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not such termination is later found invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed, or the terms of the Participant s employment agreement, if any), and such date will not be extended by any notice period e.g. , the Participant s period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where the Participant is employed or the terms of the Participant s employment agreement, if any). The Committee shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Participant may still be considered to be providing active services for purposes of the PSUs (including whether the Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence). 

(b) Termination due to Death, Disability or Retirement . In the event that on or after January 1 st of the fiscal year of the Grant Date but prior to the end of the Performance Period, the Participant s employment with the Company or one of its Affiliates is terminated due to death, Disability or retirement (defined for purposes of this Agreement as voluntary termination of employment at or after age 65, or age 55 with 10 years of service with the Company or its Affiliates), the Participant shall be entitled to receive the Award as determined in accordance with Section 3. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Participant s employment is terminated prior to January 1 st of the fiscal year of the Grant Date due to death, Disability or retirement, the Award and any rights to receive shares of Common Stock, cash and Dividend Equivalent PSUs with respect thereto, will be forfeited without consideration. 
 
 3. Performance Determinations . 

(a) Subject to the other terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, prior to or during each Measurement Period, the Company will adopt a schedule setting forth for such Measurement Period potential ranges of the Company s Financial Metrics (which may be an absolute dollar or other value for such period, or growth percentage relative to a prior period, as the Company may determine). If the Participant is employed with the Company or its Affiliates at the completion of the Performance Period, then following completion of the Performance Period the Company will determine the Total Award, calculated as the number (rounded down to the nearest whole PSU) equal to the product of (i) the Target Award plus any Dividend Equivalent PSUs and (ii) the Final Payout Percentage. 
 
 (b) If the Participant s employment with the Company or its Affiliates has terminated on or after January 1 st of the fiscal year of the Grant Date but prior to the end of the Performance Period due to death or Disability, then as soon as administratively feasible (in the Committee s sole discretion) following such termination the Company will determine the Total Award, calculated as the number (rounded down to the nearest whole PSU) equal to the product of (i) the Target Award plus any Dividend Equivalent PSUs and (ii) the Final Payout Percentage. 
 
 (c) If the Participant s employment with the Company and its Affiliates has terminated on or after January 1 st of the fiscal year of the Grant Date but prior to the end of the Performance Period due to retirement, then following completion of the Performance Period the Company will determine the Total Award, calculated as the number (rounded down to the nearest whole PSU) equal to the product of (i) the Target Award plus any Dividend Equivalent PSUs and (ii) the Final Payout Percentage. 

(d) If, in connection with a Change in Control, the successor company, or a parent of the successor company, in the Change in Control does not agree to assume, replace, or substitute the PSUs granted hereunder (as of the consummation of such Change in Control) with PSUs on substantially identical terms, as determined by the Committee, then as of immediately prior to such Change in Control, the Company will determine the Total Award, calculated as the number (rounded down to the nearest whole 

PSU) equal to the product of (i) the Target Award plus any Dividend Equivalent PSUs and (ii) the Final Payout Percentage. 
 
 (e) For purposes of this Agreement 
 (i) Final Payout Percentage is a number, expressed as a percentage (which shall not exceed 200 ), equal to the product of (x) the sum of each Yearly Performance Percentage during the Performance Period, divided by 3 and multiplied by (y) the rTSR Factor provided , further , that if the Company s total shareholder return TSR for the Performance Period is not positive, then the Final Payout Percentage shall not exceed 100 (the TSR Cap provided , further , that the TSR Cap shall not apply if the Participant s employment terminates due to death or Disability prior to completion of the Performance Period or if a Change of Control occurs prior to the completion of the Performance Period. 
 
 (ii) Payout Date shall be 
 
 September 20 XX or as soon as administratively feasible (but not later than 60 days) thereafter if the Participant remains employed with the Company or its Affiliates until the end of the Performance Period 
 
 September 20 XX or as soon as administratively feasible (but not later than 60 days) thereafter if the Participant s employment with the Company and its Affiliates terminates due to retirement on or after January 1 st of the fiscal year of the Grant Date but prior to the end of the Performance Period provided that if the Participant subsequently dies or becomes Disabled during the Performance Period, the Payout Date shall be as soon as administratively feasible (but not later than 60 days) after the Participant s death or Disability 
 
 as soon as administratively feasible (but not later than 60 days) after termination of employment if the Participant s employment with the Company and its Affiliates terminates due to death or Disability on or after January 1 st of the fiscal year of the Grant Date but prior to the end of the Performance Period, or if Appendix A applies and 
 
 immediately prior to the Change in Control if Section 3(d) applies. 
 
 (iii) Peer Group shall consist of the companies included in the S&P 500 Index as of the Performance Period commencement date provided, however , that the Peer Group may be adjusted by the Committee in its sole discretion (x) in the event of the merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, take-private or similar transaction of a Peer Group member or (y) in any other manner that the Committee deems necessary or appropriate. Companies added to the S&P 500 Index during the Performance Period shall be excluded from the final percentile rank determination. 

(iv) rTSR Factor is a number, expressed as a percentage, determined by the Company based on the Company s relative TSR rTSR ), expressed as a percentile, measured against the TSR of the Peer Group over the Performance Period, and determined by the Company using straight line interpolation between the low and high of each applicable rTSR percentile range for the Performance Period. 
 
 (v) Yearly Performance Percentage is a number, expressed as a percentage, determined by the Company using straight line interpolation between the low and high of each Financial Metric range (whether a dollar or other value, or a growth percentage) for each Measurement Period, based upon the Company s actual performance with respect to each Financial Metric for such Measurement Period and determined based on a weighted average of the applicable Financial Metrics provided , that if the Participant s employment with the Company and its Affiliates terminates due to death or Disability on or after January 1 st of the fiscal year of the Grant Date but prior to the end of the Performance Period, the Yearly Performance Percentage will be deemed to be 100 for each Measurement Period in the Performance Period not completed prior to the Participant s termination of employment provided , further , that if the Participant s employment with the Company and its Affiliates terminates due to retirement on or after January 1 st of the fiscal year of the Grant Date and the Participant subsequently dies or becomes Disabled prior to completion of the Performance Period, the Yearly Performance Percentage will be deemed to be 100 for each Measurement Period in the Performance Period not completed prior to the Participant s death or Disability provided , further , that in the event of a Change in Control, then the Yearly Performance Percentage will be deemed to be 100 for each Measurement Period in the Performance Period not completed prior to such Change in Control. 
 
 (f) All determinations with respect to the Award or this Agreement by the Company or Committee, including, without limitation, determinations of the Financial Metric(s) amount for any Measurement Period, the Financial Metric(s) growth relative to a prior period, rTSR, TSR, and Yearly Performance Percentage, and timing of settlements, shall be within the Company s absolute discretion and shall be final, binding and conclusive on the Participant. 
 
 4. Restrictive Covenant Agreement Clawback Incorporation by Reference . 
 
 (a) Restrictive Covenant Agreement . If the Participant s home country is Australia, Canada, or the United States, this Award is conditioned upon the Participant s agreement to this Agreement and the Restrictive Covenant Agreement furnished herewith and which includes, among other provisions, certain non-competition, non-solicitation and non-disclosure covenants. If such Participant does not agree (whether electronically or otherwise) to this Agreement and the Restrictive Covenant Agreement within ninety (90) days from the date of the Award, the Award shall be terminable by the Company. 
 
 (b) Clawback Forfeiture . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the PSUs may be forfeited without consideration if the Participant, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion (i) engages in an activity that is in conflict with or adverse to the interests of the Company or any Affiliate, including but not limited to fraud or conduct contributing to any financial restatements or irregularities, or (ii) without the consent of the Company, while employed by or providing services to the Company or 

any Affiliate or after termination of such employment or service, violates a non-competition, non-solicitation or non-disclosure covenant or agreement (including, if applicable, the Restrictive Covenant Agreement furnished herewith) between the Participant and the Company or any Affiliate. If the Participant engages in any activity referred to in the preceding sentence, the Participant shall, at the sole discretion of the Committee, forfeit any gain realized in respect of the PSUs (which gain shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the Fair Market Value, on the applicable Payout Date, of the shares of Common Stock or cash delivered to the Participant under this Award), and repay such gain to the Company. 
 
 (c) Incorporation by Reference . The provisions of the Plan are hereby incorporated herein by reference. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the provisions of the Plan and any capitalized terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the definitions set forth in the Plan. 
 
 5. Compliance with Legal Requirements . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, unless there is an available exemption from any registration, qualification or other legal requirement applicable to the grant or payment of the PSUs, including the delivery of shares of Common Stock, the Company shall not be required to grant the PSUs, or deliver any shares subject to the PSUs, prior to the completion of any registration or qualification of the PSUs or shares under any U.S. or non-U.S. federal, state or local securities or exchange control law or under rulings or regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or of any other governmental regulatory body, or prior to obtaining any approval or other clearance from any U.S. or non-U.S. federal, state or local governmental agency, which registration, qualification or approval the Company shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable. The Participant understands that the Company is under no obligation to register or qualify the PSUs or shares with any U.S. federal or state or non-U.S. securities commission or to seek approval or clearance from any governmental authority for the grant of the PSUs or the issuance or sale of the shares. Further, the Participant agrees that the Company shall have unilateral authority to amend the Plan and the Agreement without the Participant s consent to the extent necessary to comply with securities or other laws applicable to the grant or payment of the PSUs, including the issuance of shares. 
 
 6. Transferability . PSUs granted hereunder may not be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold, or otherwise transferred or encumbered by the Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and any such purported assignment, alienation, pledge, attachment, sale, transfer, or encumbrance shall be void and unenforceable against the Company or any Affiliate. 
 
 7. Miscellaneous . 
 
 (a) Waiver . Any right of the Company contained in this Agreement may be waived in writing by the Committee. No waiver of any right hereunder by any party shall operate as a waiver of any other right, or as a waiver of the same right with respect to any subsequent occasion for its exercise, or as a waiver of any right to damages. No waiver by any party of any breach of this Agreement shall be held to constitute a waiver of any other breach or a waiver of the continuation of the same breach. 
 
 (b) Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this 

Agreement and each other provision of this Agreement shall be severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 
 
 (c) No Right to Employment or Other Service . Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as giving the Participant any right to be retained, in any position, as an employee, consultant, or director of the Company or its Affiliates or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the right of the Company or its Affiliates, which are hereby expressly reserved, to remove, terminate or discharge the Participant with or without cause at any time for any reason whatsoever. 
 
 (d) Successors . The terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company, its successors and assigns, the Participant and the beneficiaries, executors, administrators, heirs and successors of the Participant. 
 
 (e) Entire Agreement . This Agreement, the Plan and, if applicable, the Restrictive Covenant Agreement contain the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter contained herein and supersede all prior communications, representations and negotiations in respect thereto provided, however, that if the Participant s home country is Australia, Canada, or the United States, the Participant understands that the Participant may have an existing agreement(s) with the Company, through prior awards, acquisition of a prior employer or otherwise, that may include the same or similar covenants as those in the Restrictive Covenant Agreement furnished herewith, and acknowledges that the Restrictive Covenant Agreement is meant to supplement any such agreement(s) such that the covenants in the agreements that provide the Company with the greatest protection enforceable under applicable law shall control, and that the parties do not intend to create any ambiguity or conflict through the execution of the Restrictive Covenant Agreement that would release the Participant from the obligations the Participant has assumed under the restrictive covenants in any of these agreements. No change, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same be in writing and signed by the parties hereto, except for any changes permitted without consent of the Participant under the Plan. 
 
 (f) Governing Law and Venue . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to principles of conflicts of law thereof, or principles of conflicts of laws of any other jurisdiction which could cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by the Award or this Agreement, to the extent permitted by applicable law where the Participant resides, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of New Jersey and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of Essex County, New Jersey, or the federal courts of the United States for the District of New Jersey, and no other courts, such jurisdiction being where the grant is made and or to be performed. 
 
 (g) Headings . The headings of the Sections hereof are provided for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction and shall not constitute a part of this Agreement. 
 
 (h) Appendices . If the Participant s home country is not the United States, this Award shall be subject to the additional terms and conditions set forth in Appendices B, C and D to this Agreement, as applicable to the Participant s country. 

Moreover, if Participant relocates from the U.S. to one of the countries included in Appendix D or if the Participant relocates between countries included in Appendix D during the life of the Award, the additional terms and conditions set forth in Appendices B, C and D to this Agreement shall apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendices B, C and D constitute part of this Agreement. Participants whose home country is not the United States should review Appendices B, C and D to this Agreement carefully. 
 
 (i) No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Participant s participation in the Plan. The Participant should consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 (j) Insider Trading Restrictions Market Abuse Laws . Participant acknowledges that the Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and or market abuse laws, which may affect the Participant s ability to accept, acquire, sell or otherwise dispose of shares of Common Stock, rights to shares of Common Stock, or rights linked to the value of shares of Common Stock during such times as the Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws or regulations in the Participant s country). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders the Participant places before possessing inside information. Furthermore, the Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under the Company s insider trading policy. The Participant is responsible for complying with any applicable restrictions, and should speak to his or her personal legal advisor for further details regarding any applicable insider trading and or market abuse laws in the Participant s country. 
 
 (k) Electronic Delivery and Participation . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 
 (l) Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Participant s participation in the Plan, on the PSUs and on any payment received under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons, and to require the Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 

By accepting this Agreement through the online acceptance tool on Fidelity Stock Plan Services website, the Participant agrees to all of the terms and conditions in this Agreement and the Plan. 

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. 
 
 ____________________________________ 

</EX-10.32>

<EX-19.1>
 7
 exhibit191q4fy23.htm
 EXHIBIT 19.1

Document 

AUTOMATIC DATA PROCESSING, INC. 
 INSIDER TRADING POLICY 

INTRODUCTION 
 
 The Board of Directors of ADP has adopted this policy to provide guidelines to all directors, officers, associates and consultants of ADP with respect to trading in ADP securities, as well as the securities of publicly traded companies with whom ADP has a business relationship. 
 
 This policy has been designed to prevent insider trading or even allegations of insider trading. Your strict adherence to this policy will help safeguard ADP s reputation and will further ensure that ADP conducts its business with the highest level of integrity and in accordance with the highest ethical standards. Each ADP associate is responsible for the consequences of his or her actions. You are responsible for understanding and complying with this policy. 
 
 Federal and state securities laws prohibit the purchase or sale of a company s securities by anyone who is aware of material information about that company that is not generally known or available to the public. These laws also prohibit anyone who is aware of material nonpublic information from disclosing this information to others who may trade. Companies and their controlling persons may also be subject to liability if they fail to take reasonable steps to prevent insider trading by company personnel. 
 
 It is important that you understand the breadth of activities that constitute illegal insider trading and the consequences, which can be severe. Cases have been successfully prosecuted against trading by individuals through foreign accounts, trading by family members and friends, and trading involving only a small number of shares. Both the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA investigate and are very effective at detecting insider trading. Both the SEC and the U.S. Department of Justice pursue insider trading violations vigorously. 
 
 SANCTIONS AND PENALTIES 
 
 Violations of the insider trading laws can result in severe civil and criminal sanctions. For example, under U.S. securities laws, individuals may be subject to imprisonment for up to 20 years, criminal fines of up to 5 million and civil fines of up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided. Failure to comply with this policy may also subject you to sanctions imposed by ADP, up to and including immediate dismissal for cause, whether or not your failure to comply with this policy results in a violation of law. 
 
 PERSONS COVERED 
 
 As a director, officer, associate or consultant of ADP or its subsidiaries, this policy applies to you. The same restrictions that apply to you apply to your family members who reside with you, anyone else who lives in your household, and any family members who do not live in your household but whose transactions in ADP securities are directed by you or are subject to your influence or control (such as parents or children who consult with you before they trade in ADP securities). You are responsible for making sure that any transaction in securities covered by this policy by any of these people complies with this policy. 

DEFINITION OF MATERIAL NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION 
 
 Material non-public information is any material information about ADP that has not yet become publicly available. 
 
 Information is material if a reasonable investor would likely consider it important in making a decision to buy, hold or sell securities. Any information that could reasonably be expected to affect the price of the security is material. The information may be positive or negative. Financial information is frequently material, even if it covers only part of a fiscal period or less than all of ADP s operations, since either of these might convey enough information about ADP s consolidated results to be considered material information. Other common examples of information that may be material include 
 
 information regarding sales, revenues or earnings (including projections) 
 financial forecasts of any kind, including earnings estimates or changes in previously announced earnings estimates 
 significant business trends and metrics 
 significant proposed mergers, acquisitions, investments or divestitures 
 significant developments in products or services 
 gain or loss of substantial customers 
 execution or termination of significant contracts 
 financings or restructurings 
 significant unusual gains or losses 
 changes in business strategies 
 developments in significant litigation or government investigations 
 public or private debt or equity offerings 
 significant changes in senior management 
 ADP share repurchases or 
 stock splits or dividend information. 
 
 It is not possible to define all categories of material information, and you should recognize that the public, the media and the courts may use hindsight in judging what is material. Therefore, it is important to err on the safe side and assume information is material if there is any doubt. 
 
 Information is non-public if it is not generally known or available to the public. Information may still be non-public even though it is widely known within ADP. 
 
 Release of information to the media does not immediately mean the information has become publicly available. Information is considered to be available to the public only when it has been released broadly to the marketplace (such as by a press release or an SEC filing) and the investing public has had time to absorb and evaluate it. Ordinarily, information about ADP should not be considered public until at least one full trading day has passed following its formal release to the market. For example, if ADP announces earnings before trading begins on a Tuesday, the first time you can buy or sell ADP securities is the opening of the market on Wednesday (assuming you are not aware of other material non-public information at that time). If, however, ADP announces earnings after trading begins that Tuesday, the first time you can buy or sell ADP securities is the opening of the market on the Thursday. 

REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO EVERYONE 
 
 No trading in ADP securities while aware of material non-public information 
 
 You are prohibited from engaging in any transaction in ADP securities while aware of material non-public information about ADP. It makes no difference whether or not you relied upon or used material non-public information in deciding to trade if you are aware of material non-public information about ADP, the prohibition applies. You should avoid even the appearance of an improper transaction to preserve ADP s reputation for adhering to the highest ethical standards of conduct. 
 
 This prohibition covers virtually all transactions in ADP securities. Securities includes common stock, options to purchase common stock, debt securities, preferred stock and derivative securities such as put and call options, warrants, swaps, caps and collars. Transactions in ADP securities include purchases, sales, pledges, hedges, loans and gifts of ADP securities, as well as other direct or indirect transfers of ADP securities. Certain of these transactions are addressed in more detail below and may not be permitted under this policy. This prohibition extends to trades of ADP securities in which you have any beneficial or other interest, or over which you exercise investment control, including 
 
 transactions in ADP securities held in joint accounts or accounts of persons or entities controlled directly or indirectly by you 
 transactions in ADP securities for which you act as trustee, executor or custodian and 
 transactions in any other account or investment involving in any way any ADP securities over which you exercise any direct or indirect control. 
 
 Stock Option Exercises . This prohibition does not apply to the exercise of stock options issued under ADP plans if the exercise price is paid in cash or through ADP withholding a portion of the shares underlying the options. Similarly, ADP may withhold underlying shares to satisfy tax withholding requirements. This prohibition does apply, however, to sales of the underlying stock and broker-assisted cashless exercises of options, as well as to any other market sales for the purpose of generating the cash needed to cover the costs of exercise. 
 
 Vesting of Restricted Stock or other Stock Awards . This prohibition does not apply to the automatic deduction of shares by ADP from your restricted stock or other stock award account to satisfy the minimum statutory tax withholding liability upon the vesting of restricted stock or other stock award. The prohibition does apply, however, to any open market sale of vested shares, including to satisfy tax liabilities. 
 
 10b5-1 Plans . This prohibition does not apply to trades made pursuant to a valid 10b5-1 plan approved by ADP as described below. 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan . This prohibition does not apply to purchases of ADP stock under the ADP dividend reinvestment plan that result from your reinvestment of dividends paid on ADP stock held in such plan. This prohibition does apply, however, to other purchases of ADP stock under the plan that result from additional contributions you choose to make to the dividend reinvestment plan, or to increases or decreases in your level of participation in the plan. This prohibition also applies to your sale of any ADP securities purchased pursuant to the plan. 

Event-specific restricted periods may apply 
 
 Although you are always responsible for monitoring for yourself whether you possess material non-public information, from time to time ADP may decide to impose a special restricted period on those who are aware of particular information that ADP determines may be considered material non-public information. This kind of restricted period may be imposed in connection with a potential acquisition, a financial analyst conference, an anticipated positive or negative earnings announcement or other material development. If you are subject to the restricted period, you may not trade in any ADP securities, except pursuant to a 10b5 1 plan previously approved by ADP, until notified that the restricted period has ended. 
 
 The Chief Legal Officer, in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer, will determine whether an event-specific restricted period should be imposed. The existence of an event-specific restricted period will not be generally announced. If you are covered by the event-specific restricted period, you will be notified by the Chief Legal Officer. Any person made aware of an event-specific restricted period should not disclose the existence of the restricted period to anyone else. 
 
 No trading in securities of other companies while aware of material non-public information 
 
 ADP may engage in business transactions with companies whose securities are publicly traded. These transactions may include, among other things, mergers, acquisitions, divestitures or renewal or termination of significant contracts or other arrangements. Information learned in connection with these transactions or relationships may constitute material non-public information about the other company. You are prohibited from trading in the securities of these companies while aware of material non-public information about the companies and from communicating that information to any other person for such use. 
 
 No tipping of material non-public information 
 
 You may not pass material non-public information about ADP or any other company on to others or otherwise make unauthorized disclosure or use of this information, regardless of whether you profit or intend to profit by the tipping, disclosure, or use. This practice, known as tipping , also violates the securities laws and can result in the same civil and criminal penalties that apply to insider trading, even though you did not trade and did not gain any benefit from another's trading. 
 
 Frequent trading of ADP securities is strongly discouraged 
 
 Frequent trading of ADP securities can create an appearance of wrongdoing even if the decision to trade was based solely on public information such as stock price ranges and other market events. You are strongly discouraged from trading in ADP securities for short-term trading profits. Daily or frequent trading, which can be time-consuming and distracting, is strongly discouraged. ADP reserves the right to request brokerage account statements to assure compliance with this and other provisions of the policy. 
 
 No short sales of ADP securities 
 
 You may not engage in short sales of ADP securities (sales of securities that are not then owned), including sales against the box (short sales not exceeding the number of shares already owned). Generally, short sales are transactions whereby a person will benefit from a decline in 

the price of the securities, and ADP believes it is inappropriate for a director, officer, associate or consultant to engage in these transactions with respect to ADP securities. 
 
 No trading in derivatives of ADP 
 
 You may not trade in derivatives of an ADP security, such as exchange-traded put or call options and forward transactions. 
 
 No hedging transactions 
 
 Certain forms of hedging or monetization transactions may offset a decrease, or limit your ability to profit from an increase, in the value of ADP securities you hold, enabling you to continue to own ADP securities without the full risks and rewards of ownership. ADP believes that such transactions separate the holder's interests from those of other stockholders. Therefore, you and any person acting on your behalf are prohibited from purchasing any financial instruments (such as prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars or exchange funds) or otherwise engaging in any transactions that hedge or offset any decrease in the market value of ADP securities or limit your ability to profit from an increase in the market value of ADP securities. 
 
 No margin accounts or pledges 
 
 Securities held in a margin account or pledged as collateral for a loan may be sold without your consent by the broker if you fail to meet a margin call or by the lender in foreclosure if you default on the loan. Because a margin or foreclosure sale may occur at a time when you are aware of material nonpublic information or otherwise are not permitted to trade in ADP securities, you are prohibited from holding ADP securities in a margin account or pledging ADP securities as collateral for a loan. 
 
 Limited use of standing orders 
 
 Standing orders should be used only for three business days. A standing order placed with a broker to sell or purchase stock at a specified price leaves you with no control over the timing of the transaction. A standing order transaction executed by the broker when you are aware of material nonpublic information may result in unlawful insider trading. A standing order incorporated into a 10b5-1 plan approved by ADP is permitted. 
 
 No trading on rumors 
 
 Rumors within ADP concerning matters which, if true, would be material non-public information are deemed to constitute material non-public information for purposes of this policy. Accordingly, you should not trade on the basis of these rumors. 
 
 Material non-public information must be kept confidential 
 
 Material non-public information about ADP or its business partners is the property of ADP, and unauthorized disclosure or use of that information is prohibited. That information should be maintained in strict confidence and should be discussed, even within ADP, only with persons who have a need to know. You should exercise the utmost care and circumspection in dealing with information that may be material non-public information. Conversations in public places, such as hallways, elevators, restaurants and airplanes, involving information of a sensitive or confidential nature should be avoided. Written information should be appropriately safeguarded 

and should not be left where it may be seen by persons not entitled to the information. The unauthorized disclosure of information could result in serious consequences to ADP, whether or not the disclosure is made for the purpose of facilitating improper trading in securities. 
 
 Participation in electronic bulletin boards, chat rooms, blogs or websites must be consistent with this Policy 
 
 Any written or verbal statement that would be prohibited under the law or under this policy is equally prohibited if made on electronic bulletin boards, chat rooms, blogs, websites or any other form of social media, including the disclosure of material non-public information about ADP or material nonpublic information with respect to other companies that you come into possession of as a director, officer, associate or consultant of ADP. 
 
 Public disclosures should be made only by designated persons 
 
 No individuals other than specifically authorized personnel should release material information to the public or respond to inquiries from the media, analysts, investors or others outside of ADP. You should not respond to these inquiries unless expressly authorized to do so and should refer any inquiries to the Vice President, Investor Relations or the Vice President, Corporate Marketing. 
 
 Post-employment transactions may be prohibited 
 
 The portions of this policy relating to trading while in possession of material non-public information and the use or disclosure of that information continue to apply to transactions in ADP securities even after termination of employment or association with ADP. If you are aware of material non-public information about ADP when your employment or other business relationship with ADP ends, you may not trade in ADP securities or disclose the material non-public information to anyone else until that information is made public or becomes no longer material. 
 
 Exceptions 
 
 In certain limited circumstances, a transaction otherwise prohibited by this policy may be permitted if, prior to the transaction, the Chief Legal Officer determines that the transaction is not inconsistent with the purposes of this policy. The existence of a personal financial emergency does not excuse you from compliance with this policy and will not be the basis for an exception to the policy for a transaction that is inconsistent with the purposes of the policy. 
 
 ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO RESTRICTED PERSONS 
 
 Restricted Persons are those who are at an enhanced risk of possessing material nonpublic information and who therefore must exercise greater diligence to comply with insider trading prohibitions. This group includes all members of the Board of Directors, officers and certain senior finance, legal, HR, business development, investor relations, corporate communication and management associates at corporate headquarters and in ADP s business units, as well as any other associates in a role that makes it likely they will have involvement with material nonpublic information. This list is updated on a quarterly basis by the Chief Legal Officer in consultation with the Chief Financial Officer. You will be notified by the Chief Legal Officer if you are considered a Restricted Person under this policy. 

If you are a Restricted Person that is not a director or executive officer, the procedures set forth in this section of the policy will cease to apply to your transactions in ADP securities upon the expiration of any restricted period that is applicable to your transactions at the time your employment or other relationship with ADP ends. Directors will remain Restricted Persons for a period of six months following the last day of service as a director of ADP, and executive officers will remain Restricted Persons for a period of six months following the last day of employment with ADP. 
 
 Quarterly restricted periods 
 
 No Restricted Person may engage in any transaction (including gifts) in ADP securities during a quarterly restricted period, regardless of whether they are then actually aware of material nonpublic information. 
 
 A quarterly restricted period is in effect with respect to each quarterly earnings announcement, starting on the 15 th day of the third month of the applicable ADP fiscal quarter and ending when one full trading day has passed following the public announcement of ADP s quarterly financial results. ADP has selected this period because it is the time when there is likely to be material nonpublic information about ADP that may be available to Restricted Persons. 
 
 For certain Restricted Persons designated by the Chief Legal Officer, in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer from time to time, the quarterly restricted period may start prior to the 15 th day of the third month of the quarter. 
 
 Notwithstanding the above, a quarterly restricted period does not prohibit trading in ADP securities pursuant to a valid pre-existing 10b5-1 plan approved by ADP as described below. 
 
 Trading pre-clearance requirement for certain Restricted Persons 
 
 Certain Restricted Persons designated by the Chief Legal Officer, in consultation with the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Administrative Officer from time to time, must obtain pre-clearance by ADP s Chief Legal Officer or, in his or her absence, ADP s Chief Financial Officer (each an Approving Person before engaging in any transaction involving ADP securities, including, but not limited to, purchases, sales, and gifts. Those Restricted Persons who are required to obtain pre-clearance will be notified from time to time by the Chief Legal Officer of the applicable pre-clearance or other procedures applicable to them. Each Approving Person should consult with the other Approving Person, or his or her designee, prior to granting pre-clearance for trades. Neither Approving Person may engage in a transaction in ADP securities unless the other Approving Person has pre-cleared the transaction. 
 
 The Approving Persons are under no obligation to approve a transaction submitted for pre-clearance and may determine not to permit a transaction, even if it would not violate the federal securities laws or a specific provision of this policy. In certain circumstances, other associates may be asked to clear with an Approving Person all proposed transactions before initiating them. The fact that a particular intended trade has been denied pre-clearance should be treated as confidential information and should not be disclosed to any person unless authorized by the Approving Person. 
 
 If a request for pre-clearance is approved, you have three business days to effect the transaction (or, if sooner, before commencement of a quarterly or event-specific restricted period). Under no 

circumstance may a person trade while aware of material non-public information about ADP, even if pre-cleared. Thus, if you become aware of material nonpublic information after receiving pre-clearance, but before the trade has been executed, you must not effect the pre-cleared transaction. 
 
 ADP s approval of any particular transaction under this pre-clearance procedure does not insulate any Restricted Person from liability under the securities laws. Under the law, the ultimate responsibility for determining whether an individual is aware of material non-public information about ADP rests with that individual in all cases. 
 
 10b5-1 PLANS 
 
 SEC Rule 10b5-1(c) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 permits corporate insiders to establish written trading plans (commonly referred to as 10b5-1 plans that can be useful in enabling insiders to plan ahead without fear that they might become exposed to material non-public information that will prevent them from trading. Where a valid 10b5-1 plan has been established at a time when the insider was not in possession of material non-public information, trades executed as specified by the plan do not violate the securities laws or this policy even if the insider is in possession of material non-public information at the time the trade is executed. Trades executed as specified by the plan are not subject to the pre-clearance requirement. 
 
 To qualify as a 10b5-1 plan for purposes of this policy, the plan must be approved in advance by the Chief Legal Officer, and you should allow at least five business days for that approval. One of the factors that the Chief Legal Officer may consider in determining whether to approve a 10b5-1 plan is compliance with ADP s applicable minimum stock ownership guidelines. These pre-planned trading programs are available only to officers and such other ADP associates as may be designated from time to time by the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Chief Legal Officer. For more information about how to establish a 10b5-1 plan, please contact the Chief Legal Officer. ADP reserves the right to disapprove any submitted plan, and to suspend or instruct you to terminate any plan that it has previously approved. 
 
 INQUIRIES 
 
 Any questions about this policy, its application to a proposed transaction, or the requirements of applicable laws should be directed to the Chief Legal Officer. 

Effective April 13, 2023 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-21>
 8
 exhibit21q4fy23.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 

Jurisdiction of 
 Name of Subsidiary 
 Incorporation 
 ADP Atlantic, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ADP Benefit Services KY, Inc. 
 ADP Brasil Ltda 
 Kentucky 
 Brazil 
 ADP Broker-Dealer, Inc. 
 New Jersey 
 ADP Canada Co. 
 Canada 
 ADP Client Trust 
 Delaware 
 ADP Employer Services GmbH 
 Germany 
 ADP Europe SAS 
 France 
 ADP France SAS 
 France 
 ADP GlobalView B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 ADP GSI France SAS 
 France 
 ADP Holding B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 ADP, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 ADP Indemnity II, Inc. 
 Vermont 
 ADP International Services B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 ADP Netherlands Services B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 ADP of Roseland, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 ADP Pacific, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 ADP Private Limited 
 India 
 ADP Retirement Trust Services, LLC 
 New Hampshire 
 ADP RPO, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ADP Strategic Plan Services, LLC 
 Delaware 
 ADP Tax Services, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 ADP Technology Services, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 ADP TotalSource, Inc. 
 Florida 
 ADP TotalSource I, Inc. 
 Florida 
 ADP TotalSource CO XXI, Inc. 
 Colorado 
 ADP TotalSource CO XXII, Inc. 
 Colorado 
 ADP TotalSource of CO XXIII, Inc. 
 Colorado 
 ADP TotalSource DE IV, Inc. 
 Delaware 
 ADP TotalSource FL XVI, Inc. 
 Florida 
 ADP TotalSource FL XVII, Inc. 
 Florida 
 ADP TotalSource FL XVIII, Inc. 
 Florida 
 ADP TotalSource FL XIX, Inc. 
 Florida 
 ADP TotalSource FL XXIX, Inc. 
 Florida 
 ADP TotalSource Group, Inc. 
 Florida 
 ADP TotalSource MI XXX, Inc. 
 Michigan 
 ADP TotalSource NH XXVIII, Inc. 
 New Hampshire 
 ADP TotalSource Services, Inc. 
 Florida 
 ADP Traditional Incorporated Cell 
 Vermont 

ADP Trust Company, N.A. 
 Office of the Comptroller of the Currency 
 Automatic Data Processing Insurance Agency, Inc. 
 New Jersey 
 Automatic Data Processing Limited 
 Australia 
 Automatic Data Processing Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Bluefield Pilot Incorporated Cell 
 Vermont 
 Global Cash Card, Inc. 
 Nevada 
 MasterTax, LLC 
 Arizona 
 Work Market, Inc. 
 Delaware 

In accordance with Item 601(b)(21) of Regulation S-K, the Company has omitted the names of particular subsidiaries because the unnamed subsidiaries, considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not have constituted a significant subsidiary as of June 30, 2023. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 9
 exhibit23q4fy23.htm
 EXHIBIT 23

Document 
 EXHIBIT 23 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-10281, 333-110393, 333-147377, 333-170506, 333-228204 and 333-268272 on Form S-8, and Registration Statement No. 333-226705 on Form S-3 of our reports dated August 3, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company ), and the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

s Deloitte & Touche LLP 
 Morristown, New Jersey 
 August 3, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 exhibit311ceoq4fy23.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 I, Maria Black, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date 
 August 3, 2023 s Maria Black 
 
 Maria Black President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 exhibit312cfoq4fy23.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 I, Don McGuire, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date 
 August 3, 2023 s Don McGuire 
 Don McGuire 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 exhibit321ceoq4fy23.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Maria Black, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date 
 August 3, 2023 s Maria Black 
 
 Maria Black President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 exhibit322cfoq4fy23.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Don McGuire, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date 
 August 3, 2023 s Don McGuire 
 Don McGuire 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 adp-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 adp-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 adp-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 adp-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 adp-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

10-K
 35
 q4fy2310k.pdf
 10-K PDF

