<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230811_10-K_edgar_data_98338_0001213900-23-066312.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4057342</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>120764</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>875519</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>840690</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1113272</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1015036</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-066312.hdr.sgml : 20230811
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230811170040
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-066312
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230811
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230811

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TSR INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000098338
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING SERVICES [7371]
		IRS NUMBER:				132635899
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38838
		FILM NUMBER:		231165028

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 OSER AVE
		CITY:			HAUPPAUGE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11788
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5162310333

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 OSER AVENUE
		CITY:			HAUPPAUGE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11788

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TIME SHARING RESOURCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19840129

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-066312.txt : 20230811

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_tsrinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, DC 20549 

FORM 

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

Transition Report Under Section 13
or 15(d) of The Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: - 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act: 

None 

(Title of Class) 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15 (d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T 232.405 of this
chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if
the registrant has elected not to use extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a
report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under
Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit
report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the reflect the correction of an error to previously
issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held
by non-affiliates of the Registrant based upon the closing price of 7.5943 at November 30, 2022 was . 

The number of shares of the Registrant s common stock outstanding
as of August 11, 2023 was . 

Documents incorporated by Reference: 

The information required in Part III, Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 is
incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Proxy Statement in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which
will be filed by the Registrant within 120 days after the close of its fiscal year. 

TSR, Inc. 

Form 10-K 

For the Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2023 

Table of Contents 

Page No. 
 
 Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 4 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 9 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 9 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 10 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 10 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 11 
 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 11 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 12 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 15 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 16 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 34 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 34 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 34 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 34 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 35 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 35 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 35 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 35 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 35 

Part IV. 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 35 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary (not used) 
 35 

Signatures 
 36 

Page i 

PART I 

Item
1. Business 

General 

TSR, Inc. (the Company, TSR, we, 
 us and our is a leading staffing company focused on recruiting Information Technology IT professionals for short and long-term assignments, permanent placements, project work and providing contract computer programming services
to its customers. The Company provides its customers with technical computer personnel to supplement their in-house IT capabilities.
The Company s customers for its contract computer programming services consist primarily of Fortune 1000 companies with significant
technology budgets. In the year ended May 31, 2023, the Company provided IT staffing services to 60 customers. Also, the Company has
provided and continues to provide contract administrative (non-IT) workers to some of its significant IT customers, including services
to provide administrative workers to new customers acquired following the acquisition of Geneva Consulting Group, Inc. Geneva on September 1, 2020. 

The Company was incorporated in Delaware in 1969. The Company s
executive offices are located at 400 Oser Avenue, Suite 150, Hauppauge, NY 11788, and its telephone number is (631) 231-0333. This annual
report, and each of our other periodic and current reports, including any amendments, are available, free of charge, on our website, www.tsrconsulting.com,
as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this annual report on Form 10-K and should not be considered
part of this report. 

STAFFING SERVICES 

The Company s contract computer programming services involve
the provision of technical staff to customers to meet the specialized requirements of their IT operations. The technical personnel provided
by the Company generally supplement the in-house capabilities of the Company s customers. The Company s approach is to make
available to its customers a broad range of technical personnel to meet their requirements rather than focusing on specific specialized
areas. The Company has staffing capabilities in the areas of application development in .net and java, mobile applications for Android
and IOS platforms, project management, IT security specialists, cloud development and architecture, business analysts, UI design and development,
network infrastructure and support and database development and administration. The Company s services provide customers with flexibility
in staffing their day-to-day operations, as well as special projects, on a short-term or long-term basis. 

The Company provides technical employees for projects, which usually
range from three months to one year. Generally, customers may terminate projects at any time. Staffing services are typically provided
at the client s facility and are billed primarily on an hourly basis based on the actual hours worked by technical personnel provided
by the Company and with reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses. The Company pays its technical personnel on a bi-weekly basis and invoices
its customers, not less frequently than monthly. 

The Company s success is dependent upon, among other things,
its ability to attract, recruit and retain qualified professional IT personnel. The Company believes that there is significant competition
for software professionals with the skills and experience necessary to perform the services offered by the Company. Although the Company
generally has been successful in attracting employees with the skills needed to fulfill customer engagements, demand for qualified professionals
conversant with certain technologies may outstrip supply as new and additional skills are required to keep pace with evolving computer
technology or as competition for technical personnel increases. Increasing demand for qualified personnel could also result in increased
expenses to hire and retain qualified technical personnel and could adversely affect the Company s profit margins. 

An increasing number of companies are using or are considering using
low cost offshore outsourcing centers, particularly in India, to perform technology related work and projects. This trend has contributed
to an industry wide decline in domestic IT staffing revenue in some segments. There can be no assurance that this trend will not continue
to adversely impact the Company s IT staffing revenue. 

In addition to IT professionals the Company also provides contract
administrative (non-IT) workers to support some of its significant IT customers. This service was added at the customers request.
The skills required for these positions are normally less demanding and the Company has hired a separate recruiting staff to handle this
business, which includes both-in house and off-shore recruiters. There can be no assurance that the customers will continue to request
these services. 

Page 1 

OPERATIONS 

The Company provides contract computer programming services in the
New York metropolitan area, and throughout the United States wherever there are customer locations with requirements for IT or administrative
contractors. The Company provides its services principally through offices located in Edison, New Jersey and Hauppauge, New York. As of
May 31, 2023, the Company employed 30 persons who are responsible for recruiting technical and non-technical personnel and 12 persons
who are account executives. As of May 31, 2022, the Company had employed 36 technical and non-technical recruiters and 12 account executives.
For some services, the Company also uses offshore recruiters. The number of offshore recruiters contracted by the Company fluctuates depending
on demand for services. At May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, the Company contracted for approximately 25 and 40 offshore recruiters to provide
services to clients, respectively. 

MARKETING AND CUSTOMERS 

The Company focuses its marketing efforts on large businesses and institutions
with significant IT budgets and recurring staffing and software development needs. The Company provided services to 60 customers during
the year ended May 31, 2023 fiscal 2023 as compared to 62 in the year ended May 31, 2022 fiscal 2022 ).
The Company has historically derived a significant percentage of its total revenue from a relatively small number of customers. In fiscal
2023, the Company had four customers which each provided more than 10 of consolidated revenues: Consolidated Edison (21.0 ), ADP (18.4 ),
Morgan Stanley (13.7 and Citigroup (12.5 ). Additionally, the Company s top ten customers (including underlying customers of vendor
management companies) accounted for 90 of consolidated revenue in fiscal 2023 and 86 in fiscal 2022. While continuing its efforts to
further expand its client base, including strategically targeted middle market accounts, the Company s marketing efforts are focused
primarily on increasing business from its existing accounts. Approximately 26 of the Company s revenue is derived from end customers
in the financial services business. Competitive pressures in financial services, primarily with European based banks, have negatively
affected the net effective rates that the Company charges to certain of the Company s end customers in this industry, which has
negatively affected the Company s gross profit margins. 

Many of the Company s major customers, totaling over 44 of revenue,
have retained a third party to provide vendor management services and centralize the consultant hiring process. Under this system, the
third party retains the Company to provide contract computer programming services, the Company bills the third party, and the third party
bills the ultimate customer. At certain customers, this process has weakened the relationships the Company has built with its customers 
project managers, who are the Company s primary contacts with its customers and with whom the Company would normally work to place
consultants. Instead, the Company is required to interface with the vendor management provider, making it more difficult to maintain its
relationships with its customers and preserve and expand its business. In some cases, these changes have also reduced the Company s
profit margins because the vendor management company is retained for the purpose of keeping costs low for the end client and receives
a processing fee which is deducted from the payment to the Company. 

In accordance with industry practice, most of the Company s contracts
for contract computer programming services are terminable by either the client or the Company on short notice. 

PROFESSIONAL STAFF AND RECRUITMENT 

In addition to using internet-based job boards such as LinkedIn, Indeed,
Dice, and Monster, the Company maintains a database of technical personnel with a wide range of skills. The Company uses a sophisticated
proprietary computer system to match potential employees skills and experience with client requirements. The Company periodically
contacts personnel within its database to update their availability, skills, employment interests and other matters and continually updates
its database. This database is made available to the account executives and recruiters at each of the Company s offices. 

The Company employs technical personnel primarily on an hourly basis,
as required in order to meet the staffing requirements under particular contracts or for particular projects. The Company primarily recruits
technical personnel by posting jobs on the Internet and, on rare occasion, by publishing advertisements in local newspapers and attending
job fairs. The Company devotes significant resources to recruiting technical personnel, maintaining 30 technical and non-technical recruiters
based in the U.S. and contracting with companies for 25 to 40 offshore recruiters as needed to assist in locating both IT and administrative
(non-IT) workers. Potential applicants are generally interviewed and tested by the Company s recruiting personnel, by third parties
that have the required technical backgrounds to review the qualifications of the applicants, or by on-line testing services. In some cases,
instead of employing technical personnel directly, the Company uses subcontractors who employ the technical personnel who are provided
to the Company s customers. For a small fee, the Company may sometimes process payments on behalf of customers to contractors identified
by the customers directly instead of through the normal recruiting process; this is known as payrolling . 

Page 2 

Competition 

The technical staffing industry is highly competitive and fragmented
and has low barriers to entry. The Company competes for potential customers with providers of outsourcing services, systems integrators,
computer systems consultants, other providers of technical staffing services and, to a lesser extent, temporary personnel agencies. Many
of the Company s competitors are significantly larger and have greater financial resources than the Company. The Company believes
that the principal competitive factors in obtaining and retaining customers are accurate assessment of customers requirements,
timely assignment of technical employees with appropriate skills and the price of services. The principal competitive factors in attracting
qualified technical personnel are compensation, availability, quality and variety of projects and schedule flexibility. The Company believes
that many of the technical personnel included in its database may also be pursuing other employment opportunities. Therefore, the Company
believes that its responsiveness to the needs of technical personnel is an important factor in the Company s ability to fill projects.
Although the Company believes it competes favorably with respect to these factors, it expects competition to increase and there can be
no assurance that the Company will remain competitive. 

Intellectual Property Rights 

The Company relies primarily upon a combination of trade secret, nondisclosure
and other contractual arrangements to protect its proprietary rights. The Company generally enters into confidentiality agreements with
its employees, consultants, customers and potential customers and limits access to and distribution of its proprietary information. There
can be no assurance that the steps taken by the Company in this regard will be adequate to deter misappropriation of its proprietary
information or that the Company will be able to detect unauthorized use and take appropriate steps to enforce its intellectual property
rights. 

Personnel 

As of May 31, 2023, the Company had 431 full-time employees including
its 2 executive officers. Of such employees, 12 were engaged in sales, 30 were recruiters for technical and non-technical personnel,
371 were IT and administrative (non-IT) contractors, and 16 were engaged in corporate administrative and clerical functions. 

As of May 31, 2022, the Company had 632 full-time employees including
its 2 executive officers. Of such employees, 12 were engaged in sales, 36 were recruiters for technical and non-technical personnel, 566
were IT and administrative (non-IT) contractors, and 16 were engaged in corporate administrative and clerical functions. 

None of the Company s employees belong to unions. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Certain statements contained under this Item 1A. Risk Factors ,
Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 1. Business ,
including but not limited to statements concerning the Company s future prospects and the Company s future cash flow requirements
are forward-looking statements, as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The
words believe, may, will, estimate, anticipate, intend, 
 expect, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ
materially from those projections in the forward-looking statements, which statements involve risks and uncertainties, including but not
limited to the factors set forth below 

the statements concerning the success of the Company s plan for growth, both internally and through the previously announced
pursuit of suitable acquisition candidates; 

the successful integration of announced and completed acquisitions and any anticipated benefits therefrom; 

the impact of adverse economic conditions on client spending, which include, but are not limited to, adverse economic conditions associated
with the COVID-19 global health pandemics, which may significantly reduce client spending, and which may have a negative impact on the
Company s business; 

risks relating to the competitive nature of the markets for contract computer programming services; 

the extent to which market conditions for the Company s contract computer programming services will continue to adversely affect
the Company s business; 

the concentration of the Company s business with certain customers; 

uncertainty as to the Company s ability to maintain its relations with existing customers and expand its business; 

Page 3 

the impact of changes in the industry, such as the use of vendor management companies in connection with the consultant procurement
process; 

the increase in customers moving IT operations offshore; 

the Company s ability to adapt to changing market conditions; 

the risks, uncertainties and expense of the legal proceedings to which the Company is, or may become, a party; and 

other risks and uncertainties set forth in the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Forward-looking statements reflect
our current views with respect to future events and are based on currently available operating, financial and competitive information.
We have no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events
or risks, except to the extent required by applicable law. If we do update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should
be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. New information, future events
or risks could cause the forward-looking events we discuss in this report not to occur. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which reflect our expectations only as of the date of this report. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Our business, financial condition and results of operations have
been and may continue to be negatively impacted by global health epidemics, including the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic, or contagious diseases such as COVID-19,
and any related economic impacts, have and may continue to have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations, and our future operating results may fall below expectations. The extent to which our business will continue to be affected
by the COVID-19 pandemic will depend on a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including the persistence of the
pandemic, impacts on economic activity, and the possibility of recession or continued financial market instability. 

Our success depends on our management team and other key
personnel, the loss of any of whom could disrupt our business operations. 

The Company is dependent on Thomas Salerno, our Chief Executive Officer,
President and Treasurer, in his corporate positions and as President of our subsidiary TSR Consulting Services, Inc. The Company has an
employment agreement with Mr. Salerno which expires November 2, 2026. The Company is also dependent on certain of its account executives
who are responsible for servicing its principal customers and attracting new customers. The Company generally does not have employment
contracts with the account executives. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to retain its existing personnel or find
and attract additional qualified employees. The loss of the service of any of these personnel could have a material adverse effect on
the Company. 

The Company may be subject to future lawsuits or investigations,
which could divert our resources or result in substantial liabilities. 

In the future, the Company may be subject to legal or administrative
proceedings and litigation which may be costly to defend and could materially harm our business, financial conditions and operations. With
respect to any litigation, the Company s insurance may not reimburse it or may not be sufficient to reimburse it for the self-insured
retention that the Company is required to satisfy before any insurance applies to a claim, unreimbursed legal fees or an adverse result
in any litigation. Such event may adversely impact the Company s business, operating results or financial condition. 

Our business may be materially and adversely impacted if our
relationship with one or more of our major customers is lost or disrupted. 

In fiscal 2023, the Company s four largest customers, Consolidated
Edison, ADP, Morgan Stanley and Citigroup, accounted for 21.0 , 18.4 , 13.7 , and 12.5 of the Company s consolidated revenue, respectively.
Any disruptions in our relationships with our significant customers may have a materially adverse impact on our financial condition and
results of operations. In total, the Company derives over 44 of its revenue from accounts with vendor management companies. The Company s
10 largest customers provided 90 of consolidated revenue in fiscal 2023. Client contract terms vary depending on the nature of the engagement,
and there can be no assurance that a client will renew a contract when it terminates. In addition, the Company s contracts are generally
cancelable by the client at any time on short notice, and customers may unilaterally reduce their use of the Company s services
under such contracts without penalty. Approximately 26 of the Company s revenue is derived from end customers in the financial
services business. Competitive pressures in financial services, primarily with European based banks, have negatively affected the net
effective rates that the Company charges to certain end customers in this industry, which has negatively affected the Company s
gross profit margins. 

Page 4 

In accordance with industry practice, most of the Company s contracts
for contract computer programming services are terminable by either the client or the Company on short notice. 

The accounts receivable balances associated with the Company s
largest customers were 6,848,000 for four customers at May 31, 2023 and 8,668,000 for four customers at May 31, 2022. Because of the
significant amount of outstanding receivables that the Company may have with its larger customers at any one time, if a client, including
a vendor management company which then contracts with the ultimate client, filed for bankruptcy protection or otherwise sought to modify
payment terms, it could prevent the Company from collecting on the receivables and have an adverse effect on the Company s results
of operations. 

Damage to our reputation may adversely affect our customer relationships
and our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The Company s reputation among its customers, potential customers
and the staffing services industry depends on the performance of the technical personnel that the Company places with its customers. If
the Company s customers are not satisfied with the services provided by the technical personnel placed by the Company, or if the
technical personnel placed by the Company lack the qualifications or experience necessary to perform the services required by the Company s
customers, the Company may not be able to successfully maintain its relationships with its customers or expand its client base. 

We operate in a competitive market for technical personnel, account
executives and technical recruiters and disruptions to our business may result if we fail to attract and retain qualified personnel to
operate our business and service our customers. 

The Company s success is dependent upon its ability to attract
and retain qualified computer professionals to provide as temporary personnel to its customers. Competition for the limited number of
qualified professionals with a working knowledge of certain sophisticated computer languages, which the Company requires for its contract
computer services business, is intense. The Company believes that there is a shortage of, and significant competition for, software professionals
with the skills and experience necessary to perform the services offered by the Company. 

The Company s ability to maintain and renew existing engagements
and obtain new business in its contract computer programming business depends, in large part, on its ability to hire and retain technical
personnel with the IT skills that keep pace with continuing changes in software evolution, industry standards and technologies, and client
preferences. Although the Company generally has been successful in attracting employees with the skills needed to fulfill customer engagements,
demand for qualified professionals conversant with certain technologies may outstrip supply as new and additional skills are required
to keep pace with evolving computer technology or as competition for technical personnel increases. Increased demand for qualified personnel
has resulted and is expected to continue to result in increased expenses to hire and retain qualified technical personnel and has adversely
affected the Company s profit margins. 

The Company faces a highly competitive market for hiring and retaining
account executives and technical recruiters, which could affect the Company s ability to hire and retain such personnel, including
by increasing the costs of doing so. If the Company is successful in hiring technical recruiters and account executives, there can be
no assurance that such hiring will result in increased revenue. 

We operate in a rapidly changing industry and a reduction in
demand for our technical staffing services may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The computer industry is characterized by rapidly changing technology
and evolving industry standards. These include the overall increase in the sophistication and interdependency of computer technology
and a focus by IT managers on cost-efficient solutions. There can be no assurance that these changes will not adversely affect demand
for technical staffing services. Organizations may elect to perform such services in-house or outsource such functions to companies that
do not utilize temporary staffing, such as that provided by the Company. 

Additionally, a number of companies have, in recent years, limited
the number of vendors on their approved vendor lists, and are continuing to do so. In some cases, this has required the Company to subcontract
with a company on the approved vendor list to provide services to customers. The staffing industry has also experienced margin erosion
caused by this increased competition, and customers leveraging their buying power by consolidating the number of vendors with which they
deal. In addition to these factors, there has been intense price competition in the area of IT staffing, pressure on billing rates and
pressure by customers for discounts. The Company has endeavored to increase its technical recruiting staff in order to better respond
to customers increasing demands for both the timeliness, quality and quantities of resume submittals against job requisitions. 

The Company cannot predict at this time what long-term effect these
changes will have on the Company s business and results of operations. 

Page 5 

The increase in our customers use of third-party vendor
management companies may weaken our relationship with our customers and adversely impact our ability to develop and expand customer relationships. 

There have been changes in the industry which have affected the Company s
operating results. Many customers have retained third parties to provide vendor management services, and in excess of 44 of the Company s
revenue is derived through business with vendor management companies. The third party is then responsible for retaining companies to provide
temporary IT personnel. This results in the Company contracting with such third parties and not directly with the ultimate customer. This
change weakens the Company s relationship with its customer, which makes it more difficult for the Company to maintain and expand
its business with its existing customers. It also reduces the Company s profit margins. 

In addition, the agreements with the vendor management companies are
frequently structured as subcontracting agreements, with the vendor management company entering into a services agreement directly with
the end customers. As a result, in the event of a bankruptcy of a vendor management company, the Company s ability to collect its
outstanding receivables and continue to provide services could be adversely affected. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted, and may continue to impact,
our business and operational practices, including the shift to remote work. 

The COVID-19 outbreak in the United States caused business disruption
and economic uncertainties through mandated and voluntary closing of various businesses. The expansion of remote work also emerged to
prevent the spread of disease while seeking to maintain business operations and continuity. Following the global COVID-19 outbreak, a
substantial portion of our workforce transitioned to remote work and will likely continue as remote workers. We expect our business to
continue to grow over time and, while our business model allows our customers remote access to our highly-skilled and attentive workforce,
we are continuously evaluating the nature of, and extent to which, the ongoing pandemic and related shift to remote work will impact our
business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Increases in payroll-related costs coupled with an inability
to increase our fees charged to customers to cover such costs has, and may likely continue to have, an adverse effect on our profitability.

The Company is required to pay a number of federal, state and local
payroll and related costs, including unemployment insurance, workers compensation insurance, employer s portion of Social
Security and Medicare taxes, among others, for our employees, including those placed with customers. Significant increases in the effective
rates of any payroll-related costs would likely have a material adverse effect on the Company. During the past few years, many of the
states in which the Company conducts business have significantly increased their state unemployment tax rates in an effort to increase
funding for unemployment benefits. Costs have continued to increase as a result of health care reforms and the mandate to provide health
insurance to employees under the Affordable Care Act. New York and New Jersey implemented laws over the last several years that require
employers to provide certain minimum benefits for employees with respect to paid sick leave and family leave, which has and will continue
to increase our payroll-related costs. Many other cities around the country have enacted or are in the process of enacting similar mandates.
The Company has not been able to sufficiently increase the fees charged to its customers to cover these mandated cost increases. There
are also proposals on the federal and state levels to phase in paid or partially paid family leave. The enacted mandates have had a negative
effect on the Company s profitability and additional mandates will continue to negatively impact the Company s margins. 

The current trend of companies moving technology jobs and projects
offshore has caused and could continue to cause revenue to decline. 

In the past few years, more companies are using or are considering
using low cost offshore outsourcing centers, particularly in India and other East Asian countries, to perform technology related work
and projects. This trend has reduced the growth in domestic IT staffing revenue for the industry. This trend has had a negative impact
on our business and there can be no assurance that it will not continue to adversely impact the Company s IT staffing revenue. 

Page 6 

Because much of our technical personnel consists of foreign nationals
with work visas, changes in immigration laws that restrict the provision of work visas may adversely affect our ability to retain qualified
technical personnel. 

The Company obtains many of its technical personnel by
subcontracting with companies that utilize foreign nationals entering the U.S. on work visas, primarily under the H-1B visa
classification. The Company also sponsors foreign nationals on H-1B visas on a limited basis. The H-1B visa classification enables
U.S. employers to hire qualified foreign nationals in positions that require an education at least equal to a bachelor s
degree. U.S. Immigration laws and regulations are subject to legislative and administrative changes, as well as changes in the
application of standards and enforcement. In recent years, proclamations have been issued to temporarily suspend certain immigration
visas for many categories of foreign workers including H-1B. These and future restrictions on the availability of work visas could
restrain the Company s ability to acquire the skilled professionals needed to meet our customers requirements, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business. The scope and impact of these changes on the staffing industry and the Company
remain unclear, however a narrow interpretation and vigorous enforcement of existing laws and regulations could adversely affect the
ability of entities with which the Company subcontracts to utilize foreign nationals and/or renew existing foreign national
consultants on assignment. There can be no assurance that the Company or its subcontractors will be able to keep or replace all
foreign nationals currently on assignment or continue to acquire foreign national talent at the same rates as in the past. 

We experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results. 

The Company s revenue and operating results are subject to significant
variations from quarter-to-quarter. Revenue is subject to fluctuation based upon a number of factors, including the timing and number
of client projects commenced and completed during the quarter, delays incurred in connection with projects, the growth rate of the market
for contract computer programming services and general economic conditions. Unanticipated termination of a project or the decision by
a client not to proceed to the next stage of a project anticipated by the Company could result in decreased revenue and lower utilization
rates which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, operating results and financial condition. Compensation
levels can be impacted by a variety of factors, including competition for highly skilled employees and inflation. 

The Company s operating results also fluctuate due to seasonality.
Typically, our billable hours, which directly affect our revenue and profitability, decrease in our third fiscal quarter. Clients closing
during the holiday season and for winter weather normally causes the number of billable workdays for consultants on billing with customers
to decrease. Additionally, at the beginning of the calendar year, which also falls within our third fiscal quarter, payroll taxes are
at their highest. This typically results in our lowest gross margins of the year. The Company s operating results are also subject
to fluctuation as a result of other factors such as vacations, client mandated furloughs and client budgeting requirements. 

We believe competition in our industry and for qualified personnel
will increase, and there can be no assurance that we will remain competitive. 

The technical staffing industry is highly competitive, fragmented and
has low barriers to entry. The Company competes for potential customers with providers of outsourcing services, systems integrators, computer
systems consultants, other providers of technical staffing services and, to a lesser extent, temporary personnel agencies. The Company
competes for technical personnel with other providers of technical staffing services, systems integrators, providers of outsourcing services,
computer systems consultants, customers and temporary personnel agencies. Many of the Company s competitors are significantly larger
and have greater financial resources than the Company. The Company believes that the principal competitive factors in obtaining and retaining
customers are accurate assessment of customers requirements, timely assignment of technical employees with appropriate skills and
the price of services. The principal competitive factors in attracting qualified technical personnel are compensation, availability, quality
and variety of projects and schedule flexibility. The Company believes that many of the technical personnel included in its database may
also be pursuing other employment opportunities. Therefore, the Company believes that its responsiveness to the needs of technical personnel
is an important factor in the Company s ability to fill projects. Although the Company believes it competes favorably with respect
to these factors, it expects competition to increase, and there can be no assurance that the Company will remain competitive. 

The Company is exposed to contract and other liability, and there
can be no assurance that our contracts and insurance coverage would adequately protect the Company from such liability or related claims
or litigation. 

The personnel provided by the Company to customers provide services
involving key aspects of its customers software applications. A failure in providing these services could result in a claim for
substantial damages against the Company, regardless of the Company s responsibility for such failure. The Company attempts to limit,
contractually, its liability for damages arising from negligence or omissions in rendering services, but it is not always successful in
negotiating such limits. 

Page 7 

Furthermore, due to increased competition and the requirements of vendor
management companies, the Company may be required to accept less favorable terms regarding limitations on liability, including assuming
obligations to indemnify customers for damages sustained in connection with the provision of our services. There can be no assurance our
contracts will include the desired limitations of liability or that the limitations of liability set forth in our contracts would be enforceable
or would otherwise protect the Company from liability for damages. 

The Company s business involves assigning personnel to the
workplace of the client, typically under the client s supervision. Although the Company has little control over the
client s workplace, the Company may be exposed to claims of discrimination and harassment and other similar claims as a result
of inappropriate actions allegedly taken against the Company s personnel by customers. As an employer, the Company is also
exposed to other possible employment-related claims. The Company is exposed to liability with respect to actions taken by its
technical personnel while on a project, such as damages caused by technical personnel errors, misuse of client proprietary
information or theft of client property. To reduce these exposures, the Company maintains insurance policies and a fidelity bond
covering general liability, workers compensation claims, errors and omissions and employee theft. In certain instances, the
Company indemnifies its customers for these exposures. Certain of these costs and liabilities are not covered by insurance. There
can be no assurance that insurance coverage will continue to be available and at its current price or that it will be adequate to,
or will, cover any such liability. 

Our business and our reputation could be adversely affected by
a data security incident or the failure to protect sensitive client, employee and Company data, or the failure to comply with applicable
regulations relating to data security and privacy. 

Our ability to protect client, employee, and Company data and information
is critical to our reputation and the success of our business. Our clients and employees expect that their confidential, personal and
private information will be secure in our possession. Attacks against security systems have become increasingly sophisticated along with
developments in technology, and such attacks have become more prevalent. Consequently, the regulatory environment surrounding cybersecurity
and privacy has become more and more demanding and has resulted in new requirements and increasingly demanding standards for protection
of information. As a result, the Company may incur increased expenses associated with adequately protecting confidential client, employee,
and Company data and complying with applicable regulatory requirements. There can be no assurance that we will be able to prevent unauthorized
third parties from breaching our systems and gaining unauthorized access to confidential client, employee, and Company data even if our
cybersecurity measures are compliant with regulatory requirements and standards. Unauthorized third party access to confidential client,
employee, and Company data stored in our system whether as a result of a third party system breach, systems failure or employee negligence,
fraud or misappropriation, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers, and could subject us to monetary damages, fines
and/or criminal prosecution. Furthermore, unauthorized third-party access to or through our information systems or those we develop for
our customers, whether by our employees or third parties, could result in system disruptions, negative publicity, legal liability, monetary
damages, and damage to our reputation. 

While we take steps to protect our intellectual property rights
and proprietary information, there can be no assurance that the Company can prevent misappropriation of such rights and information. 

The Company relies primarily upon a combination of trade secret, nondisclosure
and other contractual agreements to protect its proprietary rights. The Company generally enters into confidentiality agreements with
its employees, consultants, customers and potential customers and limits access to and distribution of its proprietary information. There
can be no assurance that the steps taken by the Company in this regard will be adequate to deter misappropriation of its proprietary information
or that the Company will be able to detect unauthorized use and take appropriate steps to enforce its intellectual property rights. 

Page 8 

Our significant stockholders, particularly if they choose to
work together, may have the ability to exert significant influence over our business policies and affairs on matters submitted to our
stockholders for approval. 

Our largest shareholders, Zeff Capital, L.P. and QAR Industries, Inc.,
are the beneficial owners of an aggregate of 983,273 shares of Common Stock, which represents approximately 45.9 of the Company s
issued and outstanding Common Stock. By virtue of such ownership, Zeff Capital, L.P. and QAR Industries, Inc. have the ability to exercise
significant influence over the Company. For example, this concentrated ownership could delay, defer, or prevent a change in control, merger,
consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of the Company s assets in transactions that other shareholders strongly support
or conversely, this concentrated ownership could result in the consummation of such transactions that many of the Company s other
shareholders do not support. Further, investors may be prevented from affecting matters involving the Company, including: 

- the composition of our Board of Directors and, through it, any determination with respect to our business
direction and policies, including the appointment and removal of officers 

- our acquisition of assets or other businesses and 

- our corporate financing activities. 

This significant concentration of stock ownership
may also adversely affect the trading price for our Common Stock because investors may perceive disadvantages in owning stock in a company
that is controlled by a small number of stockholders. 

Certain provisions of our governing documents may make it more
difficult for a third party to acquire us and make a takeover more difficult to complete, even if such a transaction were in the stockholders 
interest. 

In addition to the significant concentration of the ownership of our
Common Stock, certain provisions of the Company s charter and by-laws may have the effect of discouraging a third party from making
an acquisition proposal for the Company and may thereby inhibit a change in control of the Company under circumstances that could give
the holders of Common Stock the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market prices. Such provisions include a classified
Board of Directors and advance notice requirements for nomination of directors and certain stockholder proposals set forth in the Company s
charter and by-laws. 

The issuance of new classes and series of preferred stock may
deter or delay a change in control and/or affect our stock price. 

The Company s charter authorizes the Board of Directors to create
new classes and series of preferred stock and to establish the preferences and rights of any such classes and series without further action
of the stockholders. The issuance of additional classes and series of capital stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing
a change in control of the Company. 

Further, the Company s stock price could be extremely volatile
and, as a result, investors may not be able to resell their shares at or above the price they paid for them. 

Among the factors that have previously affected the Company s
stock price and may do so in the future are: 

- limited float and a low average daily trading volume; 

- industry trends and the performance of the Company s customers; 

- fluctuations in the Company s results of operations; 

- litigation; and 

- general market conditions. 

The stock market has, and may in the future, experience extreme volatility
that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect
the market price of the Company s Common Stock. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None 

Item 2. Properties 

The Company leases 8,000 square feet of space
in Hauppauge, New York for a term expiring December 31, 2023, with annual rents of approximately 110,000. This space is used as executive
and administrative offices for the Company and the Company s operating subsidiaries. The Company also leases a sales and recruiting
office in Edison, New Jersey (lease expires May 2027), with aggregate annual rents of approximately 118,000. 

The Company believes the present locations are adequate for its current
needs as well as for the future expansion of its existing business. 

Page 9 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Fintech Consulting LLC v. TSR, Inc., et
al., case number 2:21-cv-20181(KSH)(AME) (U.S. Dist. Ct., Dist. of New Jersey) ; Fintech Consulting LLC DBA APTASK v. TSR,
Inc., et al., civil action no. 2023-0030-MTZ (Del. Ch.); and Fintech Consulting, LLC v. TSR, Inc., et al, Case Number: 1:23-cv-00074-MN
(U.S. Dist. Ct. Dist. of Delaware ). 

On December 1, 2021, Fintech Consulting
LLC filed a complaint against the Company in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey the New Jersey Action ).
The named Defendants in the complaint are the Company, QAR Industries, Inc., a shareholder of TSR QAR ), Robert
E. Fitzgerald, a director and shareholder of TSR and the President, director and a shareholder of QAR Fitzgerald ), and Bradley
Tirpak, a shareholder and the chairman of the board of directors of TSR Tirpak ). The complaint purported to assert claims
against the Defendants under state law and Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act in connection with a Share Purchase Agreement, dated January
31, 2021, by and between the Plaintiff, as the seller of shares of TSR's common stock, and QAR and Tirpak, as the purchasers of such shares
(the SPA ). The Plaintiff sought (i) judgment declaring the transactions represented by the SPA null and void and for the
return of the shares; (ii) judgment cancelling the SPA and returning the shares in exchange for return of the purchase price; (iii) judgment
unwinding the transaction; (iv) compensatory damages; (v) punitive damages; (vi) pre-judgment interest; (vii) costs of lawsuit including
attorneys fees; and (viii) such other relief as the Court may find appropriate. Fintech filed its first amended complaint on March
2, 2022 which Defendants moved to dismiss on April 19, 2022. On December 7, 2022, the court granted Defendants motion and dismissed
the New Jersey Action on jurisdictional grounds. 

Following the dismissal of the original lawsuit,
the Plaintiff filed another complaint relating to the SPA against the Defendants on January 12, 2023 in the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware (the Delaware Chancery Action ), asserting claims and seeking relief substantially similar to that which was
asserted and sought in the preceding lawsuit. Plaintiff filed in the Delaware Chancery Court pursuant to the forum selection clause in
the SPA, whereby the parties thereto irrevocably and unconditionally consented to the exclusive general jurisdiction of the Delaware Chancery
Court over any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to the SPA. Also on January 12, 2023, the Plaintiff filed a motion
to dismiss its own complaint for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, requesting that the court dismiss the suit so that Plaintiff could
re-file in federal court, along with a motion to expedite. On January 18, 2023, the court issued a letter decision denying Plaintiff s
motion to expedite and stating that the court would address Plaintiff s motion to dismiss in the ordinary course. On January 23,
2023, the Delaware Chancery Action was dismissed without prejudice. 

On January 22, 2023, Fintech Consulting LLC filed
a complaint against the Company in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware (the Delaware Federal Action ).
The Delaware Federal Action, in sum and substance, asserted claims and sought relief substantially similar to that contained in both the
New Jersey Action and the Delaware Chancery Action. 

Although the Company believed the Delaware Chancery
Action described above to be without merit, to avoid the time and expense of litigation, the Company negotiated with Fintech to settle
this matter pursuant to a settlement agreement and release dated April 24, 2023. An amount of 75,000 was accrued to selling, general
and administrative expenses in the quarter ending February 28, 2023 and paid in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 to settle this matter.
Upon the payment of the settlement amount (i) the plaintiffs forever released and discharged the defendants from any and all claims or
liability of any nature whatsoever; (ii) the defendants forever released and discharged the plaintiffs from any and all claims or liability
of any nature whatsoever that relate to the Delaware Federal Action or the SPA; and (iii) the plaintiffs filed a Stipulation of Dismissal
with Prejudice on April 27, 2023. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Page 10 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

The Company s shares of Common Stock trade on the NASDAQ Capital
Market under the symbol TSRI. The following are the high and low sales prices for each quarter during the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023
and 2022: 

JUNE 1, 2022 MAY 31, 2023 

1ST 
 QUARTER 
 2ND 
 QUARTER 
 3RD 
 QUARTER 
 4TH 
 QUARTER 
 
 High Sales Price 
 10.32 
 9.49 
 10.34 
 9.40 
 
 Low Sales Price 
 7.06 
 6.99 
 6.52 
 5.97 

JUNE 1, 2021 MAY 31, 2022 

1ST 
 QUARTER 
 2ND 
 QUARTER 
 3RD 
 QUARTER 
 4TH 
 QUARTER 
 
 High Sales Price 
 13.94 
 16.80 
 15.28 
 15.62 
 
 Low Sales Price 
 8.00 
 8.38 
 7.71 
 6.88 

There were 38 holders of record of the Company s Common Stock
as of July 31, 2023. Additionally, the Company estimates that there were 1,300 beneficial holders as of that date. The Company has no
current plans to implement a quarterly dividend program or pay any other special cash dividend. 

The only securities authorized for issuance under any equity compensation
plan relate to the 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements elsewhere in this report. 

Issuer Purchases of
Equity Securities 

The table below sets
forth the information required by Item 703 of Regulation S-K with respect to any repurchase made in a month within the fourth quarter
of fiscal 2023 by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser , as defined in 240.10b-18(a)(3) of the
Exchange Act, of shares of our common stock. 

Period 
 Total Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased 
 Average Price Paid Per Share 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 
 
 March 1-31, 2023 
 3,880 
 8.10 
 3,880 
 287,108 
 
 April 1-30, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 287,108 
 
 May 1-31, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 287,108 
 
 Total 
 3,880 
 8.10 
 3,880 
 287,108 

(1) On September 12, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to 500,000
of the Company s outstanding common stock, par value 0.01 per share. The stock repurchase program was announced on Form 8-K by
the Company on September 13, 2022. The program commenced on September 15, 2022 and is authorized for the following twelve months until
September 13, 2023. The shares may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions at prevailing market prices, in privately
negotiated transactions, or by other means in accordance with federal securities laws. The actual timing, number and value of shares repurchased
under the program will be determined by the Board of Directors at its discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including the
market price of the Company s stock, general market and economic conditions and applicable legal and contractual requirements. The
Company has no obligation or commitment to repurchase all or any portion of the shares authorized by the program. 

Item 6. Reserved 

Reserved. 

Page 11 

Item 7. Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis should be
read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements and notes thereto presented elsewhere in this report. 

Results of Operations 

The following table sets forth for the periods indicated certain financial
information derived from the Company s consolidated statements of operations. There can be no assurance that historical trends in
operating results will continue in the future: 

Years Ended May 31, (Dollar Amounts in Thousands) 

2023 
 2022 

Amount 
 of Revenue 
 Amount 
 of Revenue 
 
 Revenue, Net 
 101,433 
 100.0 
 97,312 
 100.0 
 
 Cost of Sales 
 83,947 
 82.8 
 81,314 
 83.6 
 
 Gross Profit 
 17,486 
 17.2 
 15,998 
 16.4 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 14,789 
 14.6 
 15,619 
 16.0 
 
 Income from Operations 
 2,697 
 2.6 
 379 
 0.4 
 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 (63 
 0.0 
 6,622 
 6.8 
 
 Income Before Income Taxes 
 2,634 
 2.6 
 7,001 
 7.2 
 
 Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes 
 831 
 0.8 
 (1 
 0.0 
 
 Consolidated Net Income 
 1,803 
 1.8 
 7,002 
 7.2 
 
 Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest 
 61 
 0.1 
 73 
 0.1 
 
 Net Income Attributable to TSR, Inc. 
 1,742 
 1.7 
 6,929 
 7.1 

Revenue 

Revenue consists primarily of revenue from computer
programming consulting services. Revenue for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 increased approximately 4,121,000 or 4.2 from the fiscal
year ended May 31, 2022, primarily due to growth in higher priced IT contractors offsetting decreases in clerical and administrative contractors.
The average number of consultants on billing with customers decreased from 701 for the year ended May 31, 2022 to 648 for the year ended
May 31, 2023. However, the average number of IT consultants increased from 431 to 463 for the year ended May 31, 2023, while the average
number of clerical and administrative contractors decreased from 270 to 185 for the year ended May 31, 2023. Customers using our clerical
and administrative contractors decreased their spending by terminating assignments early and hiring our contractors directly at a greater
rate than usual. The change in the business mix toward the higher revenue IT contractors yielded the net increase in revenue. 

Cost of Sales 

Cost of sales for the fiscal year ended May 31,
2023 increased approximately 2,633,000 or 3.2 to 83,947,000 from 81,314,000 in the prior year period. The increase in cost of sales
resulted primarily from an increase in higher cost IT consultants placed with customers, primarily from organic growth. Cost of sales
as a percentage of revenue decreased from 83.6 in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 to 82.8 in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023.
Revenue grew at a higher rate than cost of sales when comparing the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 to the prior year period, causing an
increase in gross margins. The IT contractors added have a higher gross margin than the clerical and administrative staff that decreased. 

Page 12 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses consist
primarily of expenses relating to account executives, technical recruiters, facilities costs, management and corporate overhead. These
expenses decreased approximately 830,000 or 5.3 from 15,619,000 in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 to 14,789,000 in the fiscal
year ended May 31, 2023. The decrease in these expenses primarily resulted from a charge of 580,000 for the legal settlement with the
former Chief Executive Officer in the prior year period. Recruiting cost were also reduced approximately 425,000 primarily from a reduction
in the utilization of offshore recruiters. Additionally, the Company incurred non-cash compensation expenses of 219,000 in the fiscal
year ended May 31, 2023 and 565,000 in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 related to the TSR, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. These
reductions were offset by an increase in legal and professional fees of approximately 164,000. Selling, general and administrative expenses,
as a percentage of revenue, decreased from 16.0 in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 to 14.6 in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. 

Other Income (Expense) 

Other expense for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 resulted primarily
from net interest expense of approximately 53,000 and a mark-to-market loss of approximately 10,000 on the Company s marketable
equity securities. Other income for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 resulted primarily from the forgiveness of principal and accrued
interest on the PPP Loan of 6,735,000, offset by net interest expense of approximately 102,000 and a mark-to-market loss of 10,000
on the Company s marketable equity securities. 

Income Taxes 

The effective income tax rates were 31.5 for the fiscal year ended
May 31, 2023 and a benefit of less than 1 for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022. The effective income tax rate was lower than expected
in fiscal 2022 due to the non-taxable gain on the forgiveness of the PPP Loan principal and accrued interest. 

Net Income Attributable to TSR 

Net income attributable to TSR was approximately 1,742,000 in the
fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 compared to 6,929,000 in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022. The net income in the prior fiscal year
was primarily attributable to the forgiveness of principal and accrued interest on the PPP Loan. 

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices 

For the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022,
inflation and changing prices did not have a material effect on the Company s revenue or income from continuing operations. The
impact for fiscal 2024 cannot yet be determined. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company s cash was sufficient to enable it to meet its liquidity
requirements during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. The Company expects that its cash and cash equivalents and the Company s
Credit Facility pursuant to a Loan and Security Agreement with Access Capital, Inc. (the Lender will be sufficient to
provide the Company with adequate resources to meet its liquidity requirements for the 12-month period following the issuance of these
consolidated financial statements. Utilizing its accounts receivable as collateral, the Company has secured this Credit Facility to increase
its liquidity as necessary. As of May 31, 2023, the Company had no net borrowings outstanding against this Credit Facility. The amount
the Company has borrowed fluctuates and, at times, it has utilized the maximum amount of 2,000,000 available under this facility to
fund its payroll and other obligations. The Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Facility as of May 31, 2023
and through the date of this filing. Additionally, in April 2020, the Company secured a PPP Loan in the amount of 6,659,000 to meet
its obligations in the face of potential disruptions in its business operations and the potential inability of its customers to pay their
accounts when due. As of August 31, 2020, the Company had used 100 of the PPP Loan funds to fund its payroll and for other allowable
expenses under the PPP Loan. The use of these funds allowed the Company to avoid certain salary reductions, furloughs and layoffs of
employees during the period. The Company applied for PPP Loan forgiveness and its application for forgiveness was accepted and approved;
the PPP Loan and accrued interest were fully forgiven in July 2021. 

Page 13 

At May 31, 2023, the Company had working capital
(total current assets in excess of total current liabilities) of approximately 13,551,000, including cash and cash equivalents and marketable
securities of 7,897,000 as compared to working capital of 10,912,000, including cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities
of 6,526,000 at May 31, 2022. 

Net cash flow of approximately 1,754,000 was
provided by operations during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 as compared to 2,307,000 of net cash used in operations in the prior
year period. The cash provided by operations for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 primarily resulted from consolidated net income of
 1,802,000, a decrease in accounts receivable of 1,346,000 and a decrease in deferred income taxes of 628,000 offset by a decrease in
accounts payable and accrued expenses of 1,917,000 and a decrease in legal settlement payable of 598,000. The cash used in operations
for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 primarily resulted from consolidated net income of 7,002,000, offset by the forgiveness of the
PPP Loan principal and accrued interest of 6,735,000, an increase in accounts receivable of 3,767,000 and a decrease in legal settlement
payable of 270,000. 

Net cash used in investing activities of approximately
 496,000 for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 primarily resulted from purchases of certificates of deposit of 990,000 and purchases
of fixed assets of 6,000, less maturities of certificates of deposit of 500,000. Net cash used in investing activities of 87,000 for
the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 primarily resulted from purchases of fixed assets. 

Net cash used in financing activities during the
fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 of 366,000 primarily resulted from purchases of treasury stock of 213,000, distributions of the minority
interest of 75,000 and from net repayments under the Company s Credit Facility of 62,000. Net cash provided by financing activities
of approximately 1,514,000 during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 resulted from net proceeds from sales of the Company s common
stock in our at-the-market ATM program of 1,784,000 offset by payments made for taxes related to vested stock awards
of 212,000, net payments on the Company s Credit Facility of 31,000 and distributions of the minority interest of 27,000. 

The Company s capital resource commitments
at May 31, 2023 consisted of lease obligations on its branch and corporate facilities. The net present value of its future lease payments
was approximately 492,000 as of May 31, 2023. The Company intends to finance these commitments primarily from the Company s available
cash and Credit Facility. 

Page 14 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The Securities Act regulations define critical accounting estimates 
as those estimates made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty
and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the financial statements or results of operations of the registrant.
These estimates require the application of management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the
need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. 

The Company s significant accounting estimates and policies are
described in Note 1 to its consolidated financial statements, contained elsewhere in this report. The Company believes that the following
accounting estimates and policies require the application of management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments: 

Revenue Recognition 

Revenues are recognized as control of the promised service is transferred
to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration expected in exchange for the services. Revenues from contract assignments are
recognized over time, based on hours worked by the Company s contract professionals. The performance of the requested service over
time is the single performance obligation for assignment revenues. Certain customers may receive discounts (e.g., volume discounts, rebates,
prompt-pay discounts) and adjustments to the amounts billed. These discounts, rebates and adjustments are considered variable consideration.
Volume discounts are the largest component of variable consideration and are estimated using the most likely amount method prescribed
by Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, contracts terms and estimates of revenue. Revenues are recognized net of
variable consideration to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal of revenues will not occur in subsequent periods.
Payment terms vary and the time between invoicing and when payment is due is not significant. There are no financing components to the
Company s arrangements. There are no incremental costs to obtain contracts and costs to fulfill contracts are expensed as incurred.
The Company s operations are primarily located in the United States. The Company recognizes most of its revenue on a gross basis
when it acts as a principal in its transactions. The Company has direct contractual relationships with its customers, bears the risks
and rewards of its arrangements, and has the discretion to select the contract professionals and establish the price for the services
to be provided. Additionally, the Company retains control over its contract professionals based on its contractual arrangements. The Company
primarily provides services through its employees and to a lesser extent, through subcontractors; the related costs are included in cost
of sales. The Company includes billable expenses (out-of-pocket reimbursable expenses) in revenue and the associated expenses are included
in cost of sales. 

Valuation of Deferred Tax Assets 

We regularly evaluate our ability to recover the reported amount of
our deferred income tax assets considering several factors, including our estimate of the likelihood of the Company generating sufficient
taxable income in future years during the period over which temporary differences reverse. Presently, the Company believes that it is
more likely than not that it will realize the benefits of its deferred tax assets based primarily on the Company s history of and
projections for taxable income in the future. In the event that actual results differ from our estimates, or we adjust these estimates
in future periods, we may need to establish a valuation allowance against a portion or all of our deferred tax assets, which could materially
impact our financial position or results of operations. 

Goodwill 

Goodwill is recorded when the purchase price paid for an acquisition
exceeds the estimated fair value of the net identified tangible and intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized but is subject
to impairment analysis at least once annually or more frequently upon the occurrence of an event or when circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of a unit is greater than its fair value. 

Intangible Assets 

The Company amortizes its intangible assets over their estimated useful
lives and will review these assets for impairment when there is evidence that events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of these assets is measured by comparing the carrying amounts to the future
undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate. If intangible assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be
recognized equals the amount by which the carrying value of the asset exceeds its fair market value. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk 

The Company is a smaller reporting company and
is therefore not required to provide this information. 

Page 15 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 17 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May 31, 2023 and 2022 18 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 20 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 21 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 23 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 24 

Page 16 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

TSR, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of TSR, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, equity and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended May 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended May 31, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2008. 

August 11, 2023 

Page 17 

TSR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

May 31, 2023 and 2022 

ASSETS 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Certificates of deposit and marketable securities 

Accounts receivable: 

Trade, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of in 2023 and 2022 

Other 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid and recoverable income taxes 
 -

Total Current Assets 

Equipment and leasehold improvements, at cost: 

Equipment 

Furniture and fixtures 

Leasehold improvements 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Other assets 

Right-of-use asset 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Deferred income taxes 

Total Assets 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

Page 18 

TSR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

May 31, 2023 and 2022 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Current Liabilities: 

Accounts and other payables 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities: 

Salaries, wages and commissions 

Other 

Advances from customers 

Income taxes payable 
 
 -

Credit facility 
 -

Legal settlement payable - current 
 -

Operating lease liabilities - current 

Total Current Liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Equity: 

TSR, Inc. 

Preferred stock, par value, authorized shares; none issued 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value, authorized shares; issued and shares; and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Less: treasury stock, and shares, at cost 

Total TSR, Inc. Equity 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total Equity 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

Page 19 

TSR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 

2023 
 2022 

Revenue, net 

Cost of sales 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Income from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Gain on PPP Loan and interest forgiveness 
 -

Interest expense, net 

Unrealized loss from marketable securities, net 

Income before income taxes 

Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 

Consolidated net income 

Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Net income attributable to TSR, Inc. 

Basic net income per TSR, Inc. common share 

Basic weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Diluted net income per TSR, Inc. common share 

Diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

Page 20 

TSR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 

Years Ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 

Shares of 
 common 
 stock 
 Common 
 stock 
 Additional 
 paid-in 
 capital 
 Retained 
 earnings 
 Treasury 
 stock 
 TSR, Inc. equity 
 Non- 
 controlling 
 interest 
 Total 
 equity 
 
 Balance at June 1, 2021 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Distribution to noncontrolling interest 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net proceeds of sales of stock through ATM 

-
 
 -

-

Non-cash stock compensation 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Vested stock awards and taxes paid 

-
 
 -

-

Net income attributable to TSR, Inc. 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

-

Balance at May 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Page 21 

TSR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 

Years Ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 

Shares of common stock 
 Common stock 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Treasury stock 
 TSR, Inc. equity 
 Non- controlling interest 
 Total equity 
 
 Balance at June 1, 2022 

Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Distribution to noncontrolling interest 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Non-cash stock compensation 
 - 
 - 
 
 -
 
 -

-

Vested stock awards and taxes paid 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Purchases of treasury stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Net income attributable to TSR, Inc. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 -

-

Balance at May 31, 2023 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

Page 22 

TSR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Consolidated net income 

Adjustments to reconcile consolidated net income to net
 cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Unrealized loss from marketable securities, net 

Non-cash lease recovery 

Non-cash stock-based compensation expense 

Forgiveness of principal and accrued interest on SBA PPP Loan 
 -

Deferred income taxes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable-trade 

Other receivables 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid and recoverable income taxes 

Other assets 

Accounts and other payables and accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Legal settlement payable 

Incomes taxes payable 
 
 -

Advances from customers 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchases of certificates of and marketable securities 
 
 -

Proceeds from maturities of certificates of and marketable securities 
 
 -

Purchases of equipment and leasehold improvements 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net repayments on Credit Facility 

Purchases of treasury stock 
 
 -

Net proceeds from ATM stock sales 
 -

Tax withholding from vested stock awards 

Distributions to noncontrolling interest 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow data: 

Income taxes paid 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

Page 23 

TSR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

May 31, 2023 and 2022 

of the Company s consolidated revenue, constituting
a combined . The largest of these constituted of consolidated revenue. In fiscal 2022, four customers each accounted for more
than of the Company s consolidated revenue, constituting a combined . The largest of these constituted of consolidated
revenue. The accounts receivable balances associated with the Company s largest customers were for customers at
May 31, 2023 and for customers at May 31, 2022. The Company operates in one business segment, contract staffing services. 

Money market funds 

(Continued) 

Page 24 

TSR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued 

May 31, 2023 and 2022 

-
 
 -

Certificates of Deposit 
 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

May 31, 2022 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Equity Securities 
 
 -
 
 -

-

Certificates of Deposit 
 
 -
 
 -

-

May 31, 2022 

Equity Securities 

-

(Continued) 

Page 25 

TSR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued 

May 31, 2023 and 2022 

Furniture and fixtures 

Automobiles 

Leasehold improvements 

in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 have been included for diluted shares outstanding for the fiscal
year ended May 31, 2023. The common stock equivalents associated with these stock awards of in the fiscal year ended May 31, 2022
were included for diluted shares outstanding for the fiscal year May 31, 2022. 

(Continued) 

Page 26 

TSR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued 

May 31, 2023 and 2022 

of the net accounts receivable balance at May 31, 2023. 

(Continued) 

Page 27 

TSR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued 

May 31, 2023 and 2022 

for fiscal 2023 and fiscal 2022 to the reported amounts is as follows: 

PPP Loan Forgiveness 
 -
 
 -

Noncontrolling interest 

State and local taxes, net of federal income tax effect 

Non-deductible expenses and other 

Deferred 

2022: Current 
 -

Deferred 

Accrued compensation and other accrued expenses 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Equipment and leasehold improvement, depreciation and amortization 

Unrealized gain 

Legal settlement with investor 
 -

Non-cash stock compensation 

Non-cash lease expense 

Accumulated amortization 

Other items, net 

Total deferred income tax assets 

(Continued) 

Page 28 

TSR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued 

May 31, 2023 and 2022 

years. 

The Company recognizes interest and penalties associated
with tax matters as selling, general and administrative expenses and includes accrued interest and penalties with accrued and other liabilities
in the consolidated balance sheets. 

On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was
signed into law in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act provides numerous tax provisions and stimulus measures, including
temporary changes regarding the prior and future utilization of net operating losses, temporary changes to the prior and future limitations
on interest deductions, and technical corrections from prior tax legislation for tax depreciation of certain qualified improvement property.
The Company has evaluated the provisions of the CARES Act relating to income taxes which resulted in the ability to carryback net operating
losses and file for a federal tax refund of approximately , which was recorded in the May 31, 2020 consolidated balance sheet.
The amount was subsequently collected in April 2021. 

The Company s federal and state income tax returns
prior to fiscal year 2019 are closed. 

For the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company s
operating lease expense for these leases was and , respectively. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total undiscounted operating lease payments	 

Less imputed interest	 

Present value of operating lease payments	 

(Continued) 

Page 29 

TSR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued 

May 31, 2023 and 2022 

Liabilities 

Current operating lease liabilities 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

The weighted average remaining lease
term for the Company s operating leases is years. The weighted average incremental borrowing rate was . 

. 

Advances under the Credit Facility accrue
interest at a rate per annum equal to (x) the base rate or prime rate announced by Citibank, N.A. from time
to time, which shall be increased or decreased, as the case may be, in an amount equal to each increase or decrease in such base
rate or prime rate, plus (y) . The prime rate as of May 31, 2023 was , indicating an interest rate of 
on the Credit Facility. The initial term of the Credit Facility is five years, which shall automatically renew for successive five-year
periods unless either TSR or the Lender gives written notice to the other of termination at least 60 days prior to the expiration date
of the then-current term. 

TSR is obliged to satisfy certain financial
covenants and minimum borrowing requirements under the Credit Facility, and to pay certain fees, including prepayment fees, and provide
certain financial information to the Lender. The Company was in compliance with all applicable covenants at May 31, 2023. 

As of May 31, 2023, the net payments
exceeded borrowings outstanding against the Credit Facility resulting in a receivable from the Lender of , which is include in
 Other receivables in the consolidated balance sheet. The amount the Company has borrowed fluctuates and, at times, it has
utilized the maximum amount of available under the facility to fund its payroll and other obligations. 

over a period of in cash or cash and stock in settlement of expenses incurred by Zeff during its solicitations in 2018 and
2019 in connection with the annual meetings of the Company, the costs incurred in connection with the litigation initiated by and against
the Company as well as negotiation, execution and enforcement of the Settlement and Release Agreement, dated as of August 30, 2019, by
and between the Company, Zeff and certain other parties. In exchange for certain releases, the Term Sheet called for a cash payment of
 on June 30, 2021, a second cash payment of on June 30, 2022 and a third payment of also on June 30, 2022, which
could be paid in cash or common stock at the Company s option. There was no interest due on these payments. The
Company accrued , the estimated present value of these payments using an effective interest rate of , in the quarter ended February
29, 2020, as the events relating to the expense occurred prior to such date. The payment due on June 30, 2021 was paid
when due. The two cash payments of each were made by June 30, 2022 in full satisfaction
of the settlement. 

(Continued) 

Page 30 

TSR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued 

May 31, 2023 and 2022 

and reasonable costs and attorney s fees. The Company
denied Hughes allegations and filed various counterclaims against Hughes. 

In October 2021, the Company and Hughes
agreed through mediation to settle this matter in order to avoid lengthy and costly litigation and discovery expenses. After adjusting
for insurance reimbursement, the Company accrued a charge of to selling, general and administrative expenses in the fiscal year
ended May 31, 2022. The total settlement of was paid in full in October 2021. 

under the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP Loan ). The Paycheck Protection Program PPP was established under the congressionally-approved Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act and
is administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA ). The PPP Loan to the Company was made through JPMorgan Chase
Bank, N.A., a national banking association. 

In March 2021, the Company submitted
a PPP Loan Forgiveness application to the SBA through the PPP Lender. On July 7, 2021, the Company received notification from the PPP
Lender that the SBA approved the Company s application for forgiveness of the entire principal amount of the PPP Loan plus accrued
interest. The PPP Lender will apply the forgiveness amount to satisfy the PPP Loan. The Company has no further obligations with respect
to the PPP Loan. The Company recognized Other Income of in the quarter ended August 31, 2021 and fiscal year
ended May 31, 2022 related to the forgiveness of the loan principal and accrued interest. 

years) 

Non-compete agreement (estimated life years) 

-

Trademark (estimated life years) 

Customer relationships (estimated life years) 

Total 

No instances of triggering events or
impairment indicators were identified at May 31, 2023 or 2022. 

(Continued) 

Page 31 

TSR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued 

May 31, 2023 and
2022 

of the Company s outstanding
common stock prior to the consummation of the acquisition. Robert Fitzgerald is the President and majority shareholder of QAR Industries,
Inc. The other directors of the Company are not affiliated with QAR Industries, Inc. 

On February 3, 2021, the transaction was
completed and QAR Industries, Inc. purchased shares of TSR s common stock from Fintech Consulting LLC at a price of 
per share. At the same time, Bradley M. Tirpak, Chairman of TSR, purchased shares of TSR s common stock from Fintech Consulting
LLC at a price of per share (the Transaction ). The foregoing Transaction was the subject of litigation due to a complaint
filed by Fintech Consulting LLC on December 1, 2021 in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey under docket Fintech
Consulting LLC v. TSR, Inc. et al, Docket No. 2:21-cv-20181-KSH-AME (the New Jersey Action ). The New Jersey Action was
dismissed on December 7, 2022 on jurisdictional grounds on the motion of TSR. Following that dismissal, Fintech Consulting LLC re-filed
the lawsuit regarding the foregoing transaction in the Delaware Court of Chancery on January 12, 2023 under docket number Fintech Consulting
LLC DBA APTASK v. TSR, Inc., et al., civil action no. 2023-0030-MTZ (the Delaware Chancery Action . On January
23, 2023, the Delaware Chancery Action was dismissed without prejudice. On January 22, 2023, Fintech Consulting LLC filed an action in
the United States District Court for the District of Delaware under docket Fintech Consulting, LLC v. TSR, Inc., et al, Case Number:
1:23-cv-00074-MN (U.S. Dist. Ct. Dist. of Delaware ( the Delaware Federal Action ), alleging claims against the Defendants
under: (i) Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act of 1934 and Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 10b-5, and (ii) the common law, in each
case in connection with the Transaction. In order to avoid the time and expense of litigation, the parties negotiated a settlement of
this matter pursuant to a settlement agreement and release dated April 24, 2023. As a result, the Company accrued in the quarter
ended February 28, 2023. This amount was subsequently paid in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. Upon the payment of the settlement amount
(i) the plaintiffs forever released and discharged the defendants from any and all claims or liability of any nature whatsoever; (ii)
the defendants forever released and discharged the plaintiffs from any and all claims or liability of any nature whatsoever that relate
to the Delaware Federal Action or the Transaction; and (iii) the plaintiffs filed a Stipulation of Dismissal with Prejudice on April 27,
2023. 

The Company has provided placement services
for an entity in which a Board of Director of the Company is the CEO. Revenues for such services in fiscal 2023 and 2022 in the amounts
of and , respectively. There were no amounts outstanding as accounts receivable from this entity as of May 31, 2023. 

shares of common stock, par value per share. 

On October 8, 2021, the Company filed
an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-260152) (the 2021 TSRI Shelf which contains 

(Continued) 

Page 32 

TSR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued 

May 31, 2023 and
2022 

shares of common stock pursuant to the ATM for total gross proceeds of at an
average selling price of per share, resulting in net proceeds of after deducting in commissions and other
transactions costs. There were no shares sold during the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023. 

The 2021 TSRI Shelf is currently our only active shelf-registration
statement. We may offer TSR common stock registered under the 2021 TSRI Shelf from time to time in response to market conditions or other
circumstances if we believe such a plan of financing is in the best interests of our stockholders. We believe that the 2021 TSRI Shelf
provides us with the flexibility to raise additional capital to finance our operations as needed. However, there is no assurance we will
be successful in doing so. 

shares in time vesting restricted stock awards and shares in time and performance vesting restricted stock awards to officers,
directors and key employees under the TSR, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The time vesting shares vest in tranches at the one-, two- and three-year
anniversaries of the grants service condition ). These shares had a grant date fair value
of based on the closing price of TSR s common stock on the day prior to the grants. The associated compensation expense
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the time between grant date and the date the shares vest (the service period ).
The time and performance vesting shares also vest in tranches at or after the two- and three-year anniversaries of the grants. The performance
condition is defined in the grant agreements and relates to the market price of the Company s common stock over a stated period
of time market condition ). These shares had a grant date value of based on the closing price of TSR common shares
on the day prior to the grants discounted by an estimated forfeiture rate of - . The Company took into account the historical volatility
of its common stock to assess the probability of satisfying the market condition. The associated compensation expense is recognized on
a straight-line basis between the time the achievement of the performance criteria is deemed probable and the time the shares may vest.
During the fiscal years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, and , respectively, has been record as stock-based compensation
expense and included in selling, general and administrative expenses. 

of the Company s outstanding common stock, par value per share. The
stock repurchase program commenced two business days after the filing of the related Form 8-K and is authorized for twelve (12) months
following the commencement date. 

The shares may be repurchased from time to time in open market
transactions at prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated transactions, or by other means in accordance with federal securities
laws. The actual timing, number and value of shares repurchased under the program will be determined by the Board of Directors at its
discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including the market price of Company s stock, general market and economic conditions,
and applicable legal and contractual requirements. The Company has no obligation or commitment to repurchase all or any portion of the
shares covered by this authorization. 

During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2023, shares
of the Company s common stock were repurchased at an aggregate cost of . No shares were repurchased in the fiscal year ended
May 31, 2022. 

Page 33 

TSR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Item 9. Changes
in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A.
 Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures .
The Company conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )). Based on this evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures
are effective. 

Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . There was
no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act) during the Company s most recently reported completed fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting . The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of the
Company s management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the Company conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in the framework in Internal Control
 Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this
evaluation, the Company s management concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of May 31, 2023. 

Internal control over financial reporting, no matter how
well designed, has inherent limitations. Therefore, internal control over financial reporting determined to be effective can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Moreover, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

This annual report does not include an attestation report
of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

Item 9B.
 Other Information 

Not applicable. 

Item 9C.
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent 	Inspections 

Not applicable. 

Page 34 

TSR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Part III 

Item 10.
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The information required by this Item 10 is incorporated
by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 11.
 Executive Compensation 

The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated
by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 12.
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The information required by this Item 12 is incorporated
by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 13.
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated
by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Item 14.
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated
by reference to the Company s definitive proxy statement in connection with the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Part IV 

Item 15.
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

1. The consolidated financial statements as indicated in the index
set forth on page 16. 

Financial Statement Schedules have been omitted, since they are either not applicable, not required
 or the information is included elsewhere herein. 

2. Exhibits as listed in Exhibit Index on page 37. 

Item 16.
Form 10-K Summary- not used 

Page 35 

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the Undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TSR, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Thomas Salerno 

Thomas Salerno, Chief Executive Officer, President, Treasurer and Principal Executive Officer 

Dated: 
 August 11, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/ s/ Thomas Salerno 

Thomas Salerno, Chief Executive Officer, President, Treasurer and Principal Executive Officer 

/s/ John G. Sharkey 

John G. Sharkey, Sr. Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

/s/ Bradley M. Tirpak 

Bradley M. Tirpak, Chairman of the Board of Directors 

/s/ H. Timothy Eriksen 

H. Timothy Eriksen, Director 

/s/ Robert Fitzgerald 

Robert Fitzgerald, Director 

Dated: August 11, 2023 

Page 36 

TSR,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

FORM
10-K, MAY 31, 2023 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Exhibit 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31,2021 filed by the Company on August 23, 2021. 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Elimination of Class A Preferred Stock, Series One of TSR, Inc., as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on April 1, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on April 1, 2021. 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2020 filed by the Company on August 17, 2020. 

4.1 
 
 Description of Registered Securities, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Form 10-K for the year ended May 31,2021 filed by the Company om August 23, 2021. 

10.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated as of November 2, 2020 between the Company and John G. Sharkey, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on November 6, 2020. 

10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of November 2, 2020 between the Company and Thomas Salerno, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-k filed by the Company on November 6, 2020. 

10.3 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement dated as of November 27, 2019 among Access Capital, Inc., TSR, Inc., TSR Consulting Services, Inc., Logixtech Solutions, LLC and Eurologix S.A.R.L., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 2, 2019. 

10.4 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement, incorporated by reference to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 1, 2021 as Exhibit 10.1. 

10.5 
 
 TSR, Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to our current report on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on December 18, 2020 as Exhibit 4.6. 

10.6 
 
 Sales Agreement, dated October 8, 2021 by and between TSR, Inc. and A.G.P,/ Alliance Global Partners, incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 8, 2021 as Exhibit 1.1. 

10.7 
 
 Settlement Agreement and Release, dated April 24, 2023, by and among TSR, Inc., QAR Industries, Inc., Robert Fitzgerald, Bradley Tirpak, Fintech Consulting, LLC and Taj Haslani, incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 26, 2023 as Exhibit 10.1. 

10.8 
 
 Addendum to Employment Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2023 between the Company and Thomas Salerno, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on August 2, 2023. 

21 
 
 List
 of Subsidiaries. 

23.1 
 
 Consent
 of CohnReznick LLP, Independent Registered Accounting Firm. 

Page 37 

TSR,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

EXHIBIT
INDEX (continued) 

FORM
10-K, MAY 31, 2023 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Exhibit 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 by Thomas Salerno Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 by John G. Sharkey Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Thomas Salerno Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification
 of John G. Sharkey Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

99.1 
 
 Stipulation and Agreement of Settlement, dated as of December 16, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company on December 17, 2019. 

101 
 
 XBRL
 (extensible Business Reporting Language). The following materials from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
 ended May 31, 2023 formatted in XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii)
 the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit), (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Page 38 

<EX-21>
 2
 f10k2023ex21_tsrinc.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21 

TSR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 List of Subsidiaries to Report on Form 10-K 

 Fiscal Year Ended May 31, 2023 

Name 
 
 State of Incorporation/Formation 
 
 TSR Consulting Services, Inc. 
 
 New York 
 
 Logixtech Solutions, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Eurologix S.a.r.l. 
 
 Luxembourg 
 
 Geneva Consulting Group, Inc. 
 
 New York 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2023ex23-1_tsrinc.htm
 CONSENT OF COHNREZNICK LLP, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

TSR, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statements
No. 333-251455 on Form S-8 and No. 333-260152 on Form S-3 of TSR, Inc. of our report dated August 11, 2023 on our audits of the consolidated
financial statements of TSR, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, and for each of the years in the two-year period ended
May 31, 2023, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of TSR, Inc. and Subsidiaries for the year ended May 31, 2023. 

/s/ CohnReznick LLP 

 Melville, New York 

 August 11, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2023ex31-1_tsrinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A) 

I, Thomas Salerno, Chief Executive Officer, President,
Treasurer and Principal Executive Officer, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of TSR, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 11, 2023 

/s/ Thomas Salerno 

Chief Executive Officer, 

President, Treasurer and 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2023ex31-2_tsrinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13A-14(A) 

I, John G. Sharkey, Sr. Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer, Secretary, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of TSR, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 11, 2023 

/s/ John G. Sharkey 

Sr. Vice President, 

Chief Financial Officer, 

Secretary, Principal Financial Officer, and 

Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2023ex32-1_tsrinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of TSR, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
I, Thomas Salerno, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify to my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company. 

The forgoing certification is incorporated solely for the purposes
of complying with the provisions of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and is not intended to be used for any other purpose. 

/s/ Thomas Salerno 

Chief Executive Officer, 

President, Treasurer and 

Principal Executive Officer 

August 11, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 f10k2023ex32-2_tsrinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of TSR, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended May 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
I, John G. Sharkey, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify to my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company. 

The forgoing certification is incorporated solely for the purposes
of complying with the provisions of Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and is not intended to be used for any other purpose. 

/s/ John G. Sharkey 

Sr. Vice President, 

Chief Financial Officer, 

Secretary, Principal Financial Officer, and 

Principal Accounting Officer 

August 11, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 tsri-20230531.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 tsri-20230531_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 tsri-20230531_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 tsri-20230531_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 tsri-20230531_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

