<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230714_10-K_edgar_data_774415_0001683168-23-004906.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4584418</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>319577</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1022180</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1144034</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>871560</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1099739</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-004906.hdr.sgml : 20230714
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230714145257
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-004906
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230714
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230714

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KING RESOURCES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000774415
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	POWER, DISTRIBUTION & SPECIALTY TRANSFORMERS [3612]
		IRS NUMBER:				133784149
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56396
		FILM NUMBER:		231088878

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT 1813, 18/F, FO TAN INDUSTRIAL CENTR
		STREET 2:		26-28 AU PUI WAN STREET
		CITY:			FO TAN
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852-35858905

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UNIT 1813, 18/F, FO TAN INDUSTRIAL CENTR
		STREET 2:		26-28 AU PUI WAN STREET
		CITY:			FO TAN
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KING RESOURCES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001208

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ARXA INTERNATIONAL ENERGY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MAJOR LEAGUE ENTERPRISES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951002

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-004906.txt : 20230714

10-K
 1
 king_i10k-033123.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended , 

 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: + 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: None 

Title of each class 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or any emerging
growth company . See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting
company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

Indicate the number of shares
outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Common Stock 
 
 Outstanding at July
 12, 2023 
 
 Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share 
 
 shares 

The aggregate market value
of the 1,773,346,317 shares of Common Stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates on September 30, 2022, the last business day of the
registrant s second quarter, computed by reference to the closing price reported by the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board on that
date is . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: None 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I 

Item 1 
 Description of Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 18 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 35 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 35 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 35 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 35 

Part II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 36 
 
 Item 6 
 Reserved 
 37 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 37 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 49 
 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 49 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 50 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 50 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 50 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 50 

Part III 

Item 10 
 Directors and Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 51 
 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 53 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 56 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 57 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 57 

Part IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 58 
 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 58 

Signatures 
 
 59 

i 

INTRODUCTORY COMMENT 

We are not a Hong Kong operating
company but a Delaware holding company with operations conducted through our wholly owned subsidiaries based in Hong Kong and the British
Virgin Islands. Our investors hold shares of common stock in King Resources, Inc., the Delaware holding company. This structure presents
unique risks as our investors may never directly hold equity interests in our Hong Kong operating subsidiary and will be dependent upon
contributions from our subsidiaries to finance our cash flow needs. Our ability to obtain contributions from our subsidiaries are significantly
affected by regulations promulgated by Hong Kong and the People s Republic of China the PRC authorities. Any change
in the interpretation of existing rules and regulations or the promulgation of new rules and regulations may materially affect our operations
and or the value of our securities, including causing the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. For a
detailed description of the risks facing the Company associated with our structure, please refer to Risk Factors Risk
Factors Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong and China . 

We currently operate in Hong
Kong, and we intend to expand distribution of our products into China and other Asia markets as opportunities permit. While we have no
current intention of expanding our physical presence or operations into China, we expect to become directly subject to all PRC laws with
all risks described herein relating to the PRC to increase if we develop such physical presence or establish operations in China. 

King Resources, Inc. and its
Hong Kong and British Virgin Islands subsidiaries are not required to obtain permission from the Chinese authorities including the China
Securities Regulatory Commission, or CSRC, or Cybersecurity Administration Committee, or CAC, to operate or to issue securities to foreign
investors. In making this determination, we relied on the legal opinion of Ravenscroft Schmierer, a copy of which is attached as
Exhibit 5 to the Company s Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on April 21, 2022 (the Form 10 ). However, in light of the recent statements and regulatory actions by the PRC government,
such as those related to the extension of China s oversight and control into Hong Kong, the promulgation of regulations prohibiting
foreign ownership of Chinese companies operating in certain industries, which are constantly evolving, and anti-monopoly concerns, we
may be subject to the risks of uncertainty of any future actions of the PRC government in this regard including the risk that the PRC
government could disallow our holding company structure, which may result in a material change in our operations, including our ability
to continue our existing holding company structure, carry on our current business, accept foreign investments, and offer or continue to
offer securities to our investors. If our subsidiary or the holding company were required to obtain approvals in the future, or we erroneously
conclude that approvals were not required, or were denied permission from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges, our operations
may materially change, our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to our investors or to continue listing on a U.S. exchange
may be adversely affected, and the value of our common stock may significantly decline or become worthless, which would materially affect
the interest of the investors. We may also be subject to penalties and sanctions imposed by the PRC regulatory agencies, including the
CSRC, if we fail to comply with such rules and regulations, which could adversely affect the ability of the Company s securities
to continue to trade on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board, which may cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become
worthless. 

There may be prominent risks
associated with our operations being in Hong Kong and China. For example, as a U.S.-listed Hong Kong public company, we may
face heightened scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity, which could result in a material change in our operations and the value of
our common stock. It could also significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors
and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. Additionally, changes in Chinese internal regulatory
mandates, such as the M A rules, Anti-Monopoly Law, and the Data Security Law, and recent statements and regulatory actions by the
PRC government such as those related to the use of variable interest entities, data security and anti-monopoly concerns, may target the
Company's corporate structure and impact our ability to conduct business in Hong Kong and China, accept foreign investments, or list on
an U.S. or other foreign exchange. For a detailed description of the risks facing the Company and the offering associated with our operations
in Hong Kong and future operations in China, please refer to Risk Factors Risk Factors Relating to Doing Business in
Hong Kong and China . 

ii 

The recent joint statement
by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ),
and the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act HFCAA all call for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied
to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected
by the PCAOB. Trading in our securities may be prohibited under the HFCAA if the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or investigate
completely our auditor, and that as a result an exchange may determine to delist our securities. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed
the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act which would reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years required
for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCAA from three years to two thus reducing the time before our securities may be prohibited
from trading or being delisted. On December 2, 2021, the SEC adopted rules to implement the HFCAA. Pursuant to the HFCAA, the PCAOB issued
its report notifying the Commission that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely accounting firms headquartered in mainland
China or Hong Kong due to positions taken by authorities in mainland China and Hong Kong. Our auditor is based in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
and is subject to PCAOB s inspection. It is not subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021. However,
in the event the Malaysian authorities subsequently take a position disallowing the PCAOB to inspect our auditor, then we would need to
change our auditor to avoid having our securities delisted. Furthermore, due to the recent developments in connection with the implementation
of the HFCAA, we cannot assure you whether the SEC or other regulatory authorities would apply additional and more stringent criteria
to us after considering the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy of personnel
and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach or experience as it relates to the audit of our financial statements. The
requirement in the HFCAA that the PCAOB be permitted to inspect the issuer s public accounting firm within two or three years, may
result in the delisting of our securities from applicable trading markets in the U.S, in the future if the PCAOB is unable to inspect
our accounting firm at such future time. Please see Risk Factors The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act requires
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) to be permitted to inspect the issuer's public accounting firm within three years.
This three-year period will be shortened to two years if the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act is enacted. There
are uncertainties under the PRC Securities Law relating to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies
to conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. If the U.S. securities regulatory agencies are unable
to conduct such investigations, they may suspend or de-register our registration with the SEC and delist our securities from applicable
trading market within the US. 

In addition to the foregoing
risks, we face various legal and operational risks and uncertainties arising from doing business in Hong Kong and China as summarized
below and in Risk Factors Risks Factors Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong and China. 

There are significant risks associated with our operations being based in Hong Kong. Adverse changes in economic and political policies of the Hong Kong and PRC government could have a material and adverse effect on overall economic growth in China and Hong Kong, which could materially and adversely affect our business. Please see Risk Factors We face the risk that changes in the policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in Hong Kong currently, and in the future, in China, and the profitability of such business. and Substantial uncertainties and restrictions with respect to the political, legal and economic policies of the PRC government and PRC laws and regulations could have a significant impact upon the business that we may be able to conduct in Hong Kong and the PRC, and accordingly on the results of our operations and financial condition . 

We are a holding company with operations conducted through our wholly owned subsidiary based in Hong Kong. This structure presents unique risks as our investors may never directly hold equity interests in our Hong Kong subsidiary and will be dependent upon contributions from our subsidiary to finance our cash flow needs. Any limitation on the ability of our subsidiary to make payments to us could have a material adverse effect on our ability to conduct business. We do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future; you should not buy our stock if you expect dividends. Please see Risk Factors Because our holding company structure creates restrictions on the payment of dividends or other cash payments, our ability to pay dividends or make other cash payments is limited. 

There is a possibility that the PRC could prevent our cash maintained in Hong Kong from leaving or the PRC could restrict the deployment of the cash into our business or for the payment of dividends. We rely on dividends from our Hong Kong subsidiary for our cash and financing requirements, such as the funds necessary to service any debt we may incur. Any such controls or restrictions may adversely affect our ability to finance our cash requirements, service debt or make dividend or other distributions to our shareholders. Please see Risk Factors Our Hong Kong subsidiary may be subject to restrictions on paying dividends or making other payments to us, which may restrict its ability to satisfy liquidity requirements, conduct business and pay dividends to holders of our common stock. Risk Factors - PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds we receive from offshore financing activities to make loans to or make additional capital contributions to our Hong Kong subsidiary, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand business. Risk Factors - Because our holding company structure creates restrictions on the payment of dividends or other cash payments, our ability to pay dividends or make other payments is limited. and Transfers of Cash to and from our Subsidiaries. 

iii 

PRC regulation of loans to and direct investments in PRC entities by offshore holding companies may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds of this offering to make loans or additional capital contributions to our operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong. Substantial uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation of the PRC Foreign Investment Law and how it may impact the viability of our current corporate structure, corporate governance and business operations. Please see Risk Factors PRC regulation of loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds we receive from offshore financing activities to make loans to or make additional capital contributions to our Hong Kong subsidiary, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand business . 

In light of China s extension of its authority into Hong Kong, we are subject to risks arising from the legal system in Hong Kong and China, including risks and uncertainties regarding the enforcement of laws and that rules and regulations in Hong Kong and China can change quickly with little or no advance notice. There is also a risk that the Chinese government may intervene or influence our operations at any time, or may exert more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in Hong Kong or PRC based issuers, which could result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of our securities. We are currently not required to obtain approval from Chinese authorities (including the CSRC and the CAC) to operate or to list on U.S. exchanges. However, to the extent that the Chinese government exerts more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in Hong Kong-based issuers over time and if our subsidiary or the holding company were required to obtain approvals in the future, or we erroneously conclude that approvals were not required, or were denied permission from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges, our operations may materially change, our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to our investors or to continue listing on a U.S. exchange may be significantly limited or completely hindered, and the value of our common stock (including those we are registering for sale now or in the future) may significantly decline or become worthless, which would materially affect the interest of the investors. To the extent that we expand our operations into China, all of the foregoing risks will become more prominent and directly applicable to us, and significantly adverse policies from the PRC may force us to divest of such Chinese operations or face other risks of forfeiture. Please see Risk Factors We face the risk that changes in the policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in Hong Kong currently, and in the future, in China, and the profitability of such business. , Substantial uncertainties and restrictions with respect to the political, legal and economic policies of the PRC government and PRC laws and regulations could have a significant impact upon the business that we may be able to conduct in Hong Kong and the PRC, and accordingly on the results of our operations and financial condition. and The PRC government has significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of a Hong Kong company s business operations or to exert control over any offering of securities conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, and may intervene with or influence our operations, may limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, and may cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless, as the government deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal goals. 

Governmental control of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues effectively and affect the value of your investment. 

We may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection, especially if we expand operations or physical presence into China. We may be liable for improper use or appropriation of personal information provided by our customers. Please see Risk Factors The PRC government has significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of a Hong Kong company s business operations or to exert control over any offering of securities conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, and may intervene with or influence our operations, may limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, and may cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless, as the government deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal goals. 

Under the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC EIT Law ), we may be classified as a Resident Enterprise of China. Such classification will likely result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders. Please see Risk Factors Our global income may be subject to PRC taxes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Failure to comply with PRC regulations relating to the establishment of offshore special purpose companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC resident Shareholders to personal liability, may limit our ability to acquire Hong Kong and PRC companies or to inject capital into our Hong Kong subsidiary, may limit the ability of our Hong Kong subsidiaries to distribute profits to us or may otherwise materially and adversely affect us. 

iv 

You may be subject to PRC income tax on dividends from us or on any gain realized on the transfer of shares of our common stock. Please see Risk Factors Dividends payable to our foreign investors and gains on the sale of our shares of common stock by our foreign investors may become subject to tax by the PRC. 

We face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies. Please see Risk Factors We and our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies. 

We are organized under the laws of the State of Delaware as a holding company that conducts its business through a number of subsidiaries organized under the laws of foreign jurisdictions such as Hong Kong and the British Virgin Islands. This may have an adverse impact on the ability of U.S. investors to enforce a judgment obtained in U.S. Courts against these entities, bring actions in Hong Kong against us or our management or to effect service of process on the officers and directors managing the foreign subsidiaries. Please see Risk Factors Investors may experience difficulties in effecting service of legal process, enforcing foreign judgments or bringing original actions in Hong Kong based upon U.S. laws, including the federal securities laws or other foreign laws against us or our management. 

U.S. regulatory bodies may be limited in their ability to conduct investigations or inspections of our operations in China. 

There are significant uncertainties under the EIT Law relating to the withholding tax liabilities of our PRC subsidiary, and dividends payable by our PRC subsidiary to our offshore subsidiaries may not qualify to enjoy certain treaty benefits. Please see Risk Factors Our global income may be subject to PRC taxes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

References in this registration statement to
the Company, KRFG, we, us and our refer to King Resources, Inc.,
a Delaware company and all of its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. Where reference to a specific entity is required, the name of
such specific entity will be referenced. 

Transfers of Cash to and from Our Subsidiaries 

King Resources, Inc. is a
Delaware holding company with no operations of its own. We conduct our operations in Hong Kong primarily through our operating subsidiary
in Hong Kong, and most of our cash is maintained in Hong Kong Dollars. We may rely on dividends to be paid by our Hong Kong or British
Virgin Islands subsidiaries to fund our cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary to pay dividends and other cash
distributions to our shareholders, to service any debt we may incur and to pay our operating expenses. There is a possibility that the
PRC could prevent our cash maintained in Hong Kong from leaving or the PRC could restrict the deployment of the cash into our business
or for the payment of dividends. Any such controls or restrictions may adversely affect our ability to finance our cash requirements,
service debt or make dividend or other distributions to our shareholders. If our Hong Kong subsidiary incurs debt on its own behalf in
the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us. To date, our
subsidiaries have not made any transfers, dividends or distributions to King Resources, Inc. and King Resources, Inc. has not made any
transfers, dividends or distributions to its subsidiaries. 

King Resources, Inc. is permitted
under Delaware laws to provide funding to our subsidiaries in Hong Kong and the British Virgin Islands through loans or capital contributions
without restrictions on the amount of the funds, subject to satisfaction of applicable government registration, approval and filing requirements.
Our Hong Kong subsidiary, Powertech Corporation Limited Powertech Corp ), and British Virgin Islands subsidiary, Powertech
Management Limited, are also permitted under the laws of Hong Kong and the British Virgin Islands to provide funding to King Resources,
Inc. through dividend distributions without restrictions on the amount of the funds. As of the date of this report, there has been no
dividends or distributions among the parent company or the subsidiaries nor do we expect such dividends or distributions to occur in the
foreseeable future among the parent company and its subsidiaries. 

We currently intend to retain
all available funds and future earnings, if any, for the operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying
any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our
board of directors after considering our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, contractual requirements, business
prospects and other factors the board of directors deems relevant, and subject to the restrictions contained in any future financing instruments. 

v 

Currently, the treasury function
of King Resources, Inc. and its subsidiaries is centralized and operated by the finance department of Powertech Corporation Limited located
in Hong Kong under the management of its chief financial officer. In order to provide a process and guidance on collecting, accounting
for, and safeguarding all cash and cash equivalents of King Resources, Inc. and its subsidiaries, we have established a cash management
policy that includes procedures on receiving funds, depositing funds, and proper documentation and recording of cash. 

Subject to the Delaware General
Corporation Law and our bylaws, our board of directors may authorize and declare a dividend to shareholders at such time and of such an
amount as they think fit if they are satisfied, on reasonable grounds, that immediately following the dividend the value of our assets
will exceed our liabilities and we will be able to pay our debts as they become due. There is no further Delaware statutory restriction
on the amount of funds which may be distributed by us by dividend. 

Under the current practice
of the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, no tax is payable in Hong Kong in respect of dividends paid by us. The laws and regulations
of the PRC do not currently have any material impact on transfer of cash from King Resources, Inc. to our Hong Kong subsidiary or from
our Hong Kong subsidiary to King Resources, Inc. There are no restrictions or limitation under the laws of Hong Kong imposed on the conversion
of Hong Kong dollar into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of Hong Kong or across borders and to U.S. investors. 

There is a possibility that
the PRC could prevent our cash maintained in Hong Kong from leaving or the PRC could restrict the deployment of the cash into our business
or for the payment of dividends. Any such controls or restrictions may adversely affect our ability to finance our cash requirements,
service debt or make dividend or other distributions to our shareholders. Please see Risk Factors Our Hong Kong subsidiary
may be subject to restrictions on paying dividends or making other payments to us, which may restrict its ability to satisfy liquidity
requirements, conduct business and pay dividends to holders of our common stock. Risk Factors PRC regulation of
loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay
or prevent us from using the proceeds we receive from offshore financing activities to make loans to or make additional capital contributions
to our Hong Kong subsidiary, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand business. 
 Risk Factors Because our holding company structure creates restrictions on the payment of dividends or other cash payments,
our ability to pay dividends or make other payments is limited. 

Current PRC regulations permit
PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to Hong Kong subsidiaries only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance with
Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of our subsidiaries in China is required to set aside at least 10 of
its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund a statutory reserve until such reserve reaches 50 of its registered capital. Each of
such entity in China is also required to further set aside a portion of its after-tax profits to fund the employee welfare fund, although
the amount to be set aside, if any, is determined at the discretion of its board of directors. Although the statutory reserves can be
used, among other ways, to increase the registered capital and eliminate future losses in excess of retained earnings of the respective
companies, the reserve funds are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation. As of the date of this report,
we do not have any PRC subsidiaries. 

The PRC government also imposes
controls on the conversion of Renminbi RMB into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of the PRC. Therefore,
we may experience difficulties in completing the administrative procedures necessary to obtain and remit foreign currency to finance our
cash requirements, service debt or make dividend or other distributions to our shareholders. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries in the PRC
incur debt on their own in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other payments.
If we or our subsidiaries are unable to receive all of the revenues from our operations, we may be unable to pay dividends on our common
stock. 

Cash dividends, if any, on
our common stock will be paid in U.S. dollars. If we are considered a PRC tax resident enterprise for tax purposes, any dividends we pay
to our overseas shareholders may be regarded as China-sourced income and as a result may be subject to PRC withholding tax at a rate of
up to 10 . 

vi 

In order for us to pay dividends
to our shareholders, we will rely on payments made from our Hong Kong subsidiary to King Resources, Inc. If in the future we have PRC
subsidiaries, certain payments from such PRC subsidiaries to our Hong Kong subsidiary will be subject to PRC taxes, including business
taxes and Value-added tax. As of the date of this report, we do not have any PRC subsidiaries and our Hong Kong subsidiary has not made
any transfers, dividends or distributions nor do we expect to make such transfer, dividends or distributions in the foreseeable future. 

Pursuant to the Arrangement
between Mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion on Income,
or the Double Tax Avoidance Arrangement, the 10 withholding tax rate may be lowered to 5 if a Hong Kong resident enterprise owns no
less than 25 of a PRC entity. However, the 5 withholding tax rate does not automatically apply and certain requirements must be satisfied,
including, without limitation, that (a) the Hong Kong entity must be the beneficial owner of the relevant dividends; and (b) the Hong
Kong entity must directly hold no less than 25 share ownership in the PRC entity during the 12 consecutive months preceding its receipt
of the dividends. In current practice, a Hong Kong entity must obtain a tax resident certificate from the Hong Kong tax authority to apply
for the 5 lower PRC withholding tax rate. As the Hong Kong tax authority will issue such a tax resident certificate on a case-by-case
basis, we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority and
enjoy the preferential withholding tax rate of 5 under the Double Taxation Arrangement with respect to dividends to be paid by a PRC
subsidiary to its immediate holding company. As of the date of this report, we do not have a PRC subsidiary. In the event that we acquire
or form a PRC subsidiary in the future and such PRC subsidiary desires to declare and pay dividends to our Hong Kong subsidiary, our Hong
Kong subsidiary will be required to apply for the tax resident certificate from the relevant Hong Kong tax authority. In such event, we
plan to inform the investors through SEC filings, such as a current report on Form 8-K, prior to such actions. See Risk Factors
 Risk Factors Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong and China . 

CAUTIONARY NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical
facts, included in this Form 10-K including, without limitation, statements in the Market Overview and Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s market projections, financial
position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, events or developments which the Company
expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future, including such things as future capital expenditures (including the amount and
nature thereof); expansion and growth of the Company's business and operations; and other such matters are forward-looking statements.
These statements are based on certain assumptions and analyses made by the Company in light of its experience and its perception of historical
trends, current conditions and expected future developments, as well as other factors it believes are appropriate under the circumstances.
However, whether actual results or developments will conform with the Company's expectations and predictions is subject to a number of
risks and uncertainties, including general economic, market and business conditions; the business opportunities (or lack thereof) that
may be presented to and pursued by the Company; changes in laws or regulation; and other factors, most of which are beyond the control
of the Company. 

These forward-looking statements
can be identified by the use of predictive, future-tense or forward-looking terminology, such as believes, anticipates, 
 expects, estimates, plans, may, will, or similar terms. These statements appear
in a number of places in this filing and include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the Company, and its
directors or its officers with respect to, among other things: (i) trends affecting the Company's financial condition or results of operations
for its limited history; (ii) the Company's business and growth strategies; and (iii) the Company's financing plans. Investors are cautioned
that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve significant risks and uncertainties, and
that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Such
factors that could adversely affect actual results and performance include, but are not limited to, the Company's limited operating history,
potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results and expenses, government regulation, technological change and competition. For information
identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements,
please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the
SEC on April 21, 2022. 

Consequently, all of the forward-looking
statements made in this Form 10-K are qualified by these cautionary statements and there can be no assurance that the actual results or
developments anticipated by the Company will be realized or, even if substantially realized, that they will have the expected consequence
to or effects on the Company or its business or operations. The Company assumes no obligations to update any such forward-looking statements. 

vii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS . 

Our Mission 

Our mission is to create value
for our shareholders through innovative products of the high-power density and energy efficiency in the power conversion technology sector. 

Overview 

King Resources, Inc. is a
holding company that, through its subsidiaries, is engaged primarily in the development of smart power supply solutions and products.
We operate our business through our wholly owned subsidiary Powertech Corporation Limited Powertech Corp ). Powertech Corp
commenced operation in Hong Kong on January 21, 2015 and sold our products primarily in Asia. We are not required to obtain permission
from the Chinese authorities to operate or to issue securities to foreign investors. The holding company of Powertech Corp, Powertech
Management Limited Powertech was organized as a private limited liability company on December 3, 2021, in British Virgin
Islands. We acquired Powertech on December 15, 2021. 

Our corporate organization
chart is as below: 

1 

King Resources, Inc. is a
holding company with no operations. It operates solely through its subsidiaries by providing innovative solutions and products with Healthcare,
Lifestyles, and Mobility elements. 

We have five wholly-owned
subsidiaries: (i) OneSolution Holdings Limited OSH ), a BVI limited liability company formed in August 2022; (ii) Powertech
Management Limited Powertech ), a BVI limited liability company formed in December 2021; (iii) Powertech Corporation Limited Powertech Corp ), a Hong Kong limited liability company formed in January 2015; (iv) OneSolution Management Limited OSM ),
a BVI limited liability company formed in August 2022; and (v) OneSolution Innotech Limited OSIL ), a Hong Kong limited
liability company formed in September 2022, and we have two business focuses: 

Powertech Corp focuses on (i) research and development solutions; (ii) sales of own brand smart power supply products, and (iii) development of IoT products across our smart home, smart office and smart fitness ecosystem; 

OSIL has entered into several partnership agreements with brands selling innovative and lifestyle products. Currently, OSIL acts as the distributor of five brands, namely Aqigo, Brusheva, Qivation, Paudin and Team Cuisine. 

We currently operate in Hong
Kong, and we seek to expand distribution of our products into Asia Pacific APAC ), and Europe, Middle East and Africa EMEA markets as opportunities permit. Our products are currently manufactured in China on a purchase order basis. As our distribution increases,
we expect to manufacture our products elsewhere in Asia as pricing and logistics dictate. We have no intention of expanding operations
or our physical presence into China at this time. Please see Item 1. Business Sales and Marketing for more
information. 

We are not a Chinese operating
company but a Delaware holding company with operations conducted through our wholly owned subsidiaries based in British Virgin Islands
and Hong Kong. This structure presents unique risks as our investors may never directly hold equity interests in our Hong Kong subsidiary
and will be dependent upon contributions from our subsidiaries to finance our cash flow needs. Our Hong Kong subsidiary is currently not
required to obtain permission from the Chinese authorities including the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or CSRC, or Cybersecurity
Administration Committee, or CAC, to operate or to issue securities to foreign investors. However, in light of the recent statements and
regulatory actions by the PRC government, such as those related to Hong Kong s national security, the promulgation of regulations
prohibiting foreign ownership of Chinese companies operating in certain industries, which are constantly evolving, and anti-monopoly concerns,
we may be subject to the risks of uncertainty of any future actions of the PRC government in this regard including the risk that we inadvertently
conclude that such approvals are not required, that applicable laws, regulations or interpretations change such that we are required to
obtain approvals in the future, or that the PRC government could disallow our holding company structure, which would likely result in
a material change in our operations, including our ability to continue our existing holding company structure, carry on our current business,
accept foreign investments, and offer or continue to offer securities to our investors. These adverse actions would likely cause the value
of our common stock to significantly decline or become worthless. We may also be subject to penalties and sanctions imposed by the PRC
regulatory agencies, including the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission, if we fail to comply with such rules and regulations, which
would likely adversely affect the ability of the Company s securities to continue to trade on the Over-the-Counter Bulletin Board,
which would likely cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. 

2 

There may be prominent risks
associated with our operations being in Hong Kong and future operations in China. For example, as a U.S.-listed Hong Kong public company,
we may face heightened scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity, which could result in a material change in our operations and
the value of our common stock. It could also significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities
to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. Additionally, changes in Chinese internal
regulatory mandates, such as the M A rules, Anti-Monopoly Law, and the Data Security Law, and recent statements and regulatory actions
by the PRC government such as those related to the use of variable interest entities, data security and anti-monopoly concerns, may target
the Company's corporate structure and impact our ability to conduct business in Hong Kong, accept foreign investments, or list on an U.S.
or other foreign exchange. Recently, the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations
in China with little advance notice, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over
China-based companies listed overseas using variable interest entity structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity
reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement, The business of our subsidiary are not subject to cybersecurity review
with the Cyberspace Administration of China, or CAC, given that: (i) our products and services are offered not directly to individual
users but through our institutional customers; (ii) we do not possess a large amount of personal information in our business operations..
In addition, we are not subject to merger control review by China s anti-monopoly enforcement agency due to the level of our revenues
which provided from us and audited by our auditor and the fact that we currently do not expect to propose or implement any acquisition
of control of, or decisive influence over, any company with revenues within China of more than RMB400 million. Currently, these statements
and regulatory actions have had no impact on our daily business operation, the ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities
on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. However, since these statements and regulatory actions are new, it is highly uncertain how soon
legislative or administrative regulation making bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations
and interpretations will be modified or promulgated, if any, and the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have
on our daily business operation, the ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities on an U.S. or other foreign exchange.
For a detailed description of the risks facing the Company and the offering associated with our operations in Hong Kong, please refer
to Risk Factors Risk Factors Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong and China. 

We are organized under the
laws of the State of Delaware as a holding company that conducts its business through a number of subsidiaries organized under the laws
of foreign jurisdictions such as Hong Kong and the British Virgin Islands. This may have an adverse impact on the ability of U.S. investors
to enforce a judgment obtained in U.S. Courts against these entities, or to effect service of process on the officers and directors managing
the foreign subsidiaries. 

We generated revenue of 198,816
and 385,406 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We reported a net loss of 1,315,508 and 60,166 for the years
ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We had current assets of 541,460 and current liabilities of 2,722,831 as of
March 31, 2023. As of March 31, 2022, our current assets and current liabilities were 91,269 and 1,887,152, respectively. We have prepared
our consolidated financial statements for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 assuming that we will continue as a going concern. Our
continuation as a going concern is dependent upon improving our profitability and the continuing financial support from our stockholders. 

Our
sources of capital in the past have included the sale of equity securities, which include common stock sold in private transactions to
our executive officers or existing shareholders, capital leases and short-term and long-term debts. We expect to finance future acquisitions
through a combination of the foregoing. While we believe that existing shareholders and our officers and directors will continue to provide
the additional cash to make acquisitions and to meet our obligations as they become due or that we will obtain external financing, there
can be no assurance that we will be able to raise such additional capital resources on satisfactory terms. We believe that our current
cash and other sources of liquidity discussed below are adequate to support operations for at least the next 12 months. 

History and Development of the Company 

We were incorporated in the
state of Delaware on September 8, 1995, under the name ARXA International Energy, Inc. On June 4, 2001, we changed our name to King Resources,
Inc., our current name. 

3 

The Company began filing periodic
reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 1996. On June 12, 2009, it filed a notice of termination of registration
on Form 15(d) suspending its duty to file reports under Section 13 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In December
2010, the Company began posting periodic reports on the OTCMarkets website under the alternative reporting standard, its current reporting
standard. 

On April 2, 2018, a change
of control occurred with respect to the Company to better reflect its new business direction. On October 18, 2018, Brian Kistler, the
then sole director and executive resigned from his position as the Chairman of the Board, Junrong Yin was appointed to fill the vacancy
caused by his resignation. On May 3, 2021, Mr. Kistler resigned from his positions as CEO with the Company and appointed Caren Currier
to fill the vacancies caused by his resignation. 

On October 25, 2021, Caren
Currier entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with Lee Ying Chiu Herbert pursuant to which Ms. Currier agreed to sell to Dr. Lee all
30 million shares of Series C Preferred Stock of the Company held by her for aggregate consideration of Four Hundred Ten Thousand Dollars 410,000). This transaction consummated on November 10, 2021. In connection with the acquisition, Ms. Currier resigned from all her positions
with the Company and the following persons were appointed to serve in the positions set forth next to their names: 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 FU Wah 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Director 
 
 LAU Ping Kee 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Director 

Acquisition of Powertech 

On December 15, 2021, we acquired
50,000 shares of Powertech Management Limited, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the British Virgin Islands Powertech ),
representing all of its issued and outstanding securities, from its shareholders Silver Bloom Properties Limited and FU Wah in exchange
for 2,835,820,896 shares of our Common Stock. In connection with the acquisition, each of Silver Bloom Properties Limited and FU Wah received
2,126,865,672 and 708,955,224 shares of our Common Stock, respectively. Powertech operates its smart power supply business through its
wholly owned subsidiary Powertech Corporation Limited, a limited liability company organized under the laws of Hong Kong. The Company
relied on the exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(2) of, and Regulation D and/or Regulation S promulgated under the Act
in selling the Company s securities to the shareholders of Powertech. 

Prior to the Share Exchange,
the Company was considered as a shell company due to its nominal assets and limited operation. The transaction was treated as a recapitalization
of the Company. 

The Share Exchange between
the Company and Powertech on December 15, 2021, is deemed a merger of entities under common control for which FU Wah is the common director
and shareholder of both the Company and Powertech. Under the guidance in ASC 805 for transactions between entities under common control,
the assets, liabilities and results of operations, are recognized at their carrying amounts on the date of the Share Transfer, which required
the retrospective combination of the Company and Powertech for all periods presented. 

As a result of our acquisition
of Powertech, we entered into the smart power supply business. We intend to make additional acquisitions in the same industry and hope
to increase distribution of our products into other territories. We also hope to make opportunistic acquisitions in other industries in
the future, regardless of whether such industries relate to the smart power supply business. 

4 

Recent developments of the Company 

On June 27, 2022, the board
of directors of King Resources, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and certain stockholders holding a majority of the voting rights of our
common stock approved by written consent in lieu of a special meeting the taking of all steps necessary to effect the following corporate
actions: 

1. 
 Amend the Company s Certificate of Incorporation filed with the Delaware Secretary of State (the Certificate of Incorporation to change the Company s name to OneSolution Technology Inc.; 

2 
 Amend the Company s Certificate of Incorporation to increase the authorized capital stock from 6,085,000,000, consisting of 6,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001, and 85,000,000 shares of preferred stock, to 36,100,000,000 consisting of 36,000,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001, and 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.001; 

3. 
 Elect not to be governed by Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law; and 

4. 
 Adopt the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation for the purpose of consolidating the amendments to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation and to conform the par values of the preferred stock. 

We expect that such corporate
actions to become effective on the date on which the Corporate Actions are approved by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. As
of the date of this report, the Corporate Actions have not been approved by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. 

On August 8, 2022, the Company
filed a registration statement on Form S-8, which authorized the issuance of the Company s common stock as the compensation for
the consultants who have provided services for the Company. On August 12, 2022, 151,515,152 shares of the Company s common stock
have been issued to the consultants. 

On August 30, 2022, the Company
appointed the following individuals to serve as independent directors of the Company: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Office(s) 
 
 Wong Kan Tat Frederick 
 
 58 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Lo Mei Fan Pauline 
 
 51 
 
 Independent Director 

On September 30, 2022,
150,000 shares of the Company s common stock have been cancelled due to an error noted from previous transfer agent s record. 

None of the foregoing persons
has a direct family relationship with any of the Corporation s directors or executive officers, or any person nominated or chosen
by the Corporation to become a director or executive officer. 

None of the foregoing officers
and directors will receive compensation in connection with their service on our Board of Directors or as an executive officer. 

The Company adopted an Insider
Trading Compliance Program, established an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nomination and governance committee, and adopted
charters to govern the governance of such audit, compensation, nomination and governance committees. The audit and compensation committees
consist of Mr. Wong Kan Tat Frederick and Ms. Lo Mei Fan Pauline, our independent directors, and Mr. Lau Ping Kee, our Chief Financial
Officer and Director. Mr. Lau is the chair of our audit committee and compensation committee. Our nomination and governance committee
consists of Mr. Wong Kan Tat Frederick, Ms. Lo Mei Fan Pauline, and Mr. Fu Wah, our Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director. Mr.
Fu is the chair of our nomination and governance committee. 

5 

The Company believes that
the above actions are the first step for the Company to establish good corporate governance which could lead to corporate success and
growth in the future. 

Use of Capital Funds 

On June 21, 2022, the Company
has entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement with Williamsburg Venture Holdings, LLC Investor ), a Nevada venture capital
company, pursuant to which the Investor has committed to invest up to Twenty Million Dollars 20,000,000) in the Company s common
stock over a 36-month period. In light of the Company s latest strategic plan to tackle the Smart Home segment with products enhanced
with Healthcare, Lifestyles, and Mobility elements, the Company will use the proceeds to establish a sustainable smart home ecosystem
through in-house development of smart home appliances, target acquisition of smart home sector companies, and establish strategic partnerships
with ESG promote companies. 

Our Business 

We operate through our wholly-owned
subsidiaries Powertech Corporation Limited and OneSolution Innotech Limited, limited liability companies organized under the
laws of Hong Kong. We currently provide solutions for other companies who are in the fields of developing high power, high voltage power
supply and wireless charging technologies. We are currently preparing trial sales on our 65W AC-DC Type C PD chargers, USB-C multiport
hub, USB-C mini hub, 65W power bank with 30,000mAh and other accessories through online shop. 

With the explosive growth
of consumer electronic products, the demands of both the size and the weight of brilliant electronic products are increasingly high, including
the power charger. However, the conventional power topology scheme and power components, such as MOSFET, Driver, magnetic core materials,
etc., cannot meet the need to size down the development of power supplies. We believe that the GaN-based technology will allow us to develop
products meeting the demand of smaller sized, high voltage and ultra-high frequency products. 

We are committed to the development
of GaN-based applications as well as research and development of smart new power conversion technologies. In recent years, with the significant
increase in demand for small power chargers, energy efficiency and power density have become the focus of the markets. There is an increasing
demand of modern electronic product consumers to push for DC/DC and AC/DC power chargers with more efficient energy consumption and higher
power density. The main purpose of the power charger is to reduce the energy loss and increase the switching frequency of the converter,
in order to manufacture a high-efficiency, energy-saving, and high-power density converter. 

The range of operating frequency
for most power chargers currently in the market is about 10-1000KHz. Our power chargers are designed for isolated converters with operating
frequencies in the range of 1-30MHz. We have merged the core planar transformers with a power range of 5-240W, so the power charger frequency
is about 500 times of the other power charger frequency in the market. In order to further improve the energy efficiency of the converter,
we incorporated high-end power conversion technology with new material equipment into the design, therefore, the energy efficiency is
improved by about 8-10 compared with other similar devices. 

Products and Services 

Currently, all of our revenues
are derived from solution services that we provide to other companies. We are currently preparing trial sales on our 65W AC-DC Type C
PD chargers, USB-C multiport hub, USB-C mini hub, 65W power bank with 30,000mAh and other accessories through online shop. 

6 

We intend to offer three ultra-small
power supply products as follows: 

Product 
 
 Status/Anticipated Launch Date 
 
 65W AC-DC Type C PD charger product 
 
 Product currently pre-sale on Company s online store. Expect to
 distribute our products to the chain stores by end of 2023 

45W AC-DC dual-port Type C PD charger model product 
 65W AC-DC dual-port Type C PD charger model product 
 
 Anticipate to launch with mobile and tablet makers in 2023 
 
 120W AC-DC Multi-Charging outputs charger product 
 
 Anticipate to sell, distribute, and launch with high power computer
 and notebook manufacturers in 2023 

We expect these products to become one of the
world s smallest smart power supply products. 

The following are the characteristics
of our power chargers: 

Power AC-DC charger with high-end power conversion technology 

Uses ultra-high pulse width modulation frequency 

Intelligent voltage and current detection algorithm 

Digital power factor correction algorithm with high frequency switching program 

Energy efficiency meets US Class 6 AC-DC power charger standard 

In-house developed innovative driver and controller that can solve the problem of ultra-high switching frequency 

In-house developed PCBA heat dissipation solution 

In-house developed circuits that can solve dependency problems 

Power efficiency reaching 94 

In-house developed compact power transformer 

Environmental design, miniaturized equipment size, reducing plastic material consumption up to 50 

Currently, we are currently
preparing to launch the Powertech Corp s own brand of smart power supply products on an online store. Meanwhile, the newly established
subsidiary, OSIL, acts as distributor in Hong Kong and has concluded several partnerships with five brands. We are building up our sales
channels for the following brands in retails and online store in Hong Kong and categorized the products into Healthcare ,
 Lifestyle and Mobility : 

Healthcare 

Aqigo 

 Aqigo is a Hong Kong brand
that offers both home-use and commercial-use air purifiers to consumers. By leveraging the Paco Nanotech, a patented technology co-developed
by ASA Innovation Technology Limited and City University of Hong Kong, which can kill or decompose 99.9 of bacteria virus,
including the COVID-19 virus. Paco Nanotech has obtained the ISO 18184 standard. Aqigo products purify up to 3 times faster than traditional
purifiers, which could bring cleaner and fresher air for consumers. 

Brusheva 

 Brusheva offers sonic rechargeable
electric toothbrush for users to maintain their teeth s health. The sonic rechargeable electric toothbrush is available to vibrate
at more than 25,000 strokes per minute, with the application of smaller brush head and softer bristles, it allows the users to reach all
parts of their mouth easily, including all nooks and crannies, without damaging the gum when they are brushing their teeth. We hope the
Brusheva s toothbrush could improve the oral health for users and bring the users a healthier smile. 

7 

Qivation 

 Qivation offers innovative,
safe and convenient to use products which integrate as part of our home living. Qivation applies the Nano Photocatalyst technology approved
by Photocatalysis Industry Association of Japan PIAJ on its products which combined self-antibacterial and purification
function together with lighting. The use of TiO2 technology allows Qivation products to initiate an antimicrobial effect for sanitization
and air purification. It does not require any solvent, binders or alcohol, and can initiate the purifying process with visible light.
This technological breakthrough creates a giant leap in making use of TiO2 sanitization technology. 

Other than self-antibacterial
and purification function, Qivation adopted the lighting software solutions by WiZ Connected under Signify (formerly known as Philips
Lighting) combined with the Nano Photocatalyst technology. The lighting products are adjustable shades of lightness up to 64,000 and up
to 16 million colors with preset well-being modes. We hope the Qivation products could reduce domestic health risks and creates a comforting
lifestyle setting at home or at office. 

Lifestyle 

Paudin 

 Paudin is a kitchen knives
brand that offers a wide selection of high-quality cutlery lines to suit all purposes and budgets for users, including chef s knives,
bread knives, steak knives and Japanese knives etc. The sharp, comfortable and durable kitchen knives with a wide collection of designs
allow users to enjoy preparing and having their meals. 

Team Cuisine 

 Team Cuisine offers smart
kitchen appliances that connect to their application, which allows users to perform precise cooking remotely. Team Cuisine products can
help users to cook with convenience and healthy fashion. It has an in-app recipe library as cooking guidance for each of the users. We
are authorized to distribute Team Cuisine s smart kitchen appliances, including smart cooking machine, smart pressure cooker, smart
convention oven, smart air fryer etc. in Hong Kong. We hope Team Cuisine s products could bring users a lifestyle and enjoyable
cooking experience with the multi-function appliances. 

Mobility 

Powertech 

 The Company s own brand
 Powertech is self-developing and distributing smart power supply products, including smart power chargers, wireless charging
power banks, charging cables and Type C multi hub. These products will be launched both in our online store and local retail stores by
the end of 2023. We hope the Powertech s portable products could bring the users convenient in supporting the use of
their mobile devices. 

Future IoT Technology and Lifestyle Products
 The Smart Home Ecosystem 

We believe that the smart
home ecosystem has become both in concept and reality a part of the common culture around the world. When homeowners or buyers consider
renovation or new construction, many of them are considering the possibility of implementing smart home ecosystem devices to their homes
due to increasing awareness of the importance of energy efficiency and lifestyle improvement of smart home products. According to International
Data Corporation IDC Worldwide Quarterly Smart Home Device Tracker, in 2022, the global market for smart home device decreased
by 2.6 to 874 million devices shipped. Though the global market is forecast to return to growth in 2023, it will remain relatively low
at 4.6 with most of the growth coming from emerging markets as well as China. Our research indicates that more users are looking to purchase
higher price smart devices such as smart TV and lighting fixtures in order to save energy and increase controllability and convenience.
We believe that as 5G technology becomes more stable and popular throughout the world, more and more smart home appliances will become
available in the market. We believe that smart home appliances with IoT and AI technology can improve our users living standards
and lifestyles dramatically. 

8 

Smart home appliances are
generally easily adopted and accessed through mobile phones or tablets via Apps. Users can easily manage multiple smart home appliances
in just one device by their fingertip in the App: the status of all the appliances connected such as power levels, power consumed, air
pollution, and room humidity will be displayed on their screen. Moreover, users will be able to control and manage every single appliance
in large size homes with multiple floors by using the smart home ecosystem without the need access each individual appliance. 

We established an IoT Technology
and Lifestyle product team during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, and are in the process of developing a series of IoT home automation
products. We expect to initially distribute the IoT products in Hong Kong and Southeast Asia and hope to expand to other countries as
opportunities permit. 

Research and Development 

Powertech s
products are developed and designed in accordance with its proprietary transformer design and control algorithm. This intellectual property
is the Company s trade secret and not covered by a patent. 

During the year ended March
31, 2023, our research and development expenses were mainly incurred for the maintenance cost of our product development team. We expect
to allocate our research and development funding towards product innovation of smart home appliances, and the recruitment of product development
talents. 

Sales and Marketing 

We believe the demand for
smart home appliances will continue to increase especially as the technological improvements such as AI are integrated into products to
enhance user experience. We expect to distribute our current and future power supply and IoT products as follows: 

Hong Kong through our e-commerce channels, and leverage on our networks to distribute to prominent retailers, collaborate distribution channels with sales solution and promotion campaign. 

APAC through third party authorized dealers and channel partners. 

USA/EMEA through third party authorized distributors (which we expect to be wholesalers that sell to end retailers). 

Recently, we signed an arrangement
with local retail chain store to sell our brands. We believe this arrangement will enhance market recognition of our brand. In the near
future, we intend to enhance our sales channels in Hong Kong and other regions. 

Major Customers 

During the year ended March
31, 2023, the following customer accounted for 10 or more of our total net revenues: 

Year ended March 31, 2022 

March 31, 2022 

Customer 
 
 Revenues 

Percentage 
of revenues 

Accounts 
receivable 

Mirum Digital Media Limited 

159,471 

80 

9 

During the year ended March
31, 2022, the following customer accounted for 10 or more of our total net revenues: 

Year ended March 31, 2022 

March 31, 2022 

Customer 
 
 Revenues 

Percentage 
of revenues 

Accounts 
receivable 

TLD Optoelectronic Technology Limited 

385,406 

100 

All of our major customers
are located in Hong Kong and PRC. Generally, we are not a party to any long-term agreements with our customers. From time to time, we
may enter into long term contracts with major customers and subcontract the performance of the contract to corresponding network partners
according to the price and area. 

Major Suppliers/Vendors.

During the year ended March
31, 2023, the following supplier accounted for 10 or more of the Company s cost of revenue. 

Year ended March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Supplier name 
 Cost of revenues 
 Percentage of cost of revenues 
 Accounts payable 
 
 Dongguan Aires Wood Craft Co., Ltd. 
 16,062 
 23 

ASA Innovation Technology Limited 
 9,074 
 13 

TLD Optoelectronic Technology Limited 
 17,891 
 25 

43,027 
 61 

During the year ended March
31, 2022, there was no supplier accounted for 10 or more of the Company s cost of revenue. 

Our products are currently
manufactured by third party factories located in China on a purchase order basis. We are not bound by any long-term contracts and expect
to be able to work with multiple factories located in other parts of Asia as our distribution increases. 

Seasonality 

The market of electronic support
product does not have seasonal effect. 

Insurance 

We maintain certain insurance
in accordance with customary industry practices in Hong Kong. Under Hong Kong law, there is a requirement that all employers in the city
must purchase Employee's Compensation Insurance to cover their liability in the event that their staff suffers an injury or illness during
the normal course of their work. We maintain Employee s Compensation Insurance, office insurance and third-party risks insurance
for its business purposes. 

10 

CORPORATE INFORMATION 

Our principal executive and
registered offices are located at Unit 1813, 18/F, Fo Tan Industrial Centre, 26-28 Au Pui Wan Street, Fo Tan, Hong Kong, telephone number
+852 3585 8905. 

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND PATENTS 

We expect to rely on trade
secrets, copyrights, know-how, trademarks, license agreements and contractual provisions to establish our intellectual property rights
and protect our brand and services. These legal means, however, afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights.
Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets or determine the validity
and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management
attention. 

In addition, the laws of Hong
Kong and the PRC may not protect our brand and services and intellectual property to the same extent as U.S. laws, if at all. We may be
unable to fully protect our intellectual property rights in these countries. 

We intend to seek the widest
possible protection for significant product and process developments in our major markets through a combination of trade secrets, trademarks,
copyrights and patents, if applicable. We anticipate that the form of protection will vary depending upon the level of protection afforded
by the particular jurisdiction. We expect that our revenue will be derived principally from our operations in Hong Kong and in the future,
China, where intellectual property protection may be limited and difficult to enforce. In such instances, we may seek protection of our
intellectual property through measures taken to increase the confidentiality of our findings. 

We register trademarks as
a means of protecting the brand names of our companies and products. Currently, we have registered two trademarks in each of the United
States of America, Japan and Hong Kong, respectively. We intend to protect our trademarks against infringement and also seek to register
design protection where appropriate. 

We rely on trade secrets and
unpatentable know-how that we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements. We expect that, where applicable, we will require
our employees to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment with us. We expect these agreements to provide
that all confidential information developed or made known to the individual during the course of the individual's relationship with us
is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific limited circumstances. The agreements will also provide
that all inventions conceived by the individual while rendering services to us shall be assigned to us as the exclusive property of our
company. There can be no assurance, however, that all persons who we desire to sign such agreements will sign, or if they do, that these
agreements will not be breached, that we would have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets or unpatentable know-how
will not otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors. 

Powertech s products
are developed and designed in accordance with its proprietary transformer design and control algorithm. This intellectual property is
the Company s trade secret and not covered by a patent. 

COMPETITION 

The consumer electronics industry
is dynamic and competitive. Personal portable devices such as laptop computers, tablets, smart phones and wearable devices are becoming
essential to our daily life. These portable devices are more powerful, lighter in weight and more compactable in size. However, the power
chargers have not made any significant improvements. In recent years, power devices have become more essential to service such portable
devices. There are only few potential and existing competitors in the compact power device market, such as Finsix, Nexgen and Delta. 

Our competitors scales
are substantially larger than us and have significantly better financial, technical and marketing resources. They have adequate resources
to support further development and promotion for their products. We hope to compete based upon our technology advancement and competency,
as well as our product design and specification. 

11 

Our strengths: 

Extensive R D experiences and practical expertise in power conversion, radio frequency and supply chain management knowledge. 

Patents and serval in-house technologies, such as Planar Transformer, ultra-high frequency, GaN utilization that supports high voltage and high switching frequency. 

Innovative heat dissipation for PCB design, high speed charging. 

Highest power density and light weight 

Hong Kong based corporation which has a favorable geographic benefit to cover most of the APAC markets. 

Our competitive landscape
may be significantly altered if new testing technology is introduced into the market by third parties. We may face some prospective competitors,
who have greater financial resources, broader product and service offerings, longer operating histories, larger customer base and greater
brand recognition, or they are controlled or subsidized by foreign governments, which will enable them to raise capital and enter into
strategic relationships more easily when we expand to overseas markets. We believe that we are competitive on factors, including business
model, operational capabilities, pricing and service quality. 

EMPLOYEES AND CONSULTANTS 

We have the following full-time
employees and consultants located at Hong Kong and the PRC as set forth below: 

Executive officers 
 1 
 
 Operations and R D 
 5 
 
 Administration staff 
 1 
 
 Total 
 7 

We are required to contribute
to the pension fund for all eligible employees in Hong Kong who are at least 18 but under 65 years of age. We are required to contribute
a specified percentage of the participant s income based on their ages and wage level. For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022,
the pension contributions by us were 11,574 and 6,937, respectively. We have not experienced any significant labor disputes or any difficulties
in recruiting staff for our operations. 

GOVERNMENT AND INDUSTRY REGULATIONS 

King Resources, Inc. is a
Delaware corporation with its operating business located in Hong Kong. As such, the parent holding company, King Resources, Inc. is subject
to the laws and regulations of the United States of America while our operating business is subject to the laws and regulations of Hong
Kong, including labor, occupational safety and health, contracts, tort and intellectual property laws. Furthermore, we need to comply
with the rules and regulations of Hong Kong governing the data usage and regular terms of service applicable to our potential customers
or clients. As the information of our potential customers or clients is preserved in Hong Kong, we need to comply with the Hong Kong Personal
Data (Privacy) Ordinance. 

If PRC authorities reinterpret
PRC laws to apply to Hong Kong companies, we may become subject to the laws and regulations of China governing businesses in general,
including labor, occupational safety and health, contracts, tort and intellectual property. We also expect to become subject to PRC laws
if we expand operations into or develop a physical presence in China. We may also become subject to foreign exchange regulations which
might limit our ability to convert foreign currency into Renminbi or Hong Kong Dollars, acquire any other PRC companies, establish VIEs
in the PRC, or make dividend payments from any future WFOEs to us. 

12 

United States of America 

Privacy and Protection of User Data 

We and subsidiaries are subject
to a number of laws, rules, directives, and regulations relating to the collection, use, retention, security, processing, and transfer
of personally identifiable information about our customers and employees in the countries where we operate. Our business will involve
the processing of personal data in many jurisdictions and the movement of data across national borders. As a result, much of the personal
data that we process, which may include certain financial information associated with individuals, is regulated by multiple privacy and
data protection laws and, in some cases, the privacy and data protection laws of multiple jurisdictions. In many cases, these laws apply
not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between or among us, our subsidiaries, and other parties with
which we have commercial relationships. 

Hong Kong 

The Employment Ordinance is
the main piece of legislation governing conditions of employment in Hong Kong since 1968. It covers a comprehensive range of employment
protection and benefits for employees, including Wage Protection, Rest Days, Holidays with Pay, Paid Annual Leave, Sickness Allowance,
Maternity Protection, Statutory Paternity Leave, Severance Payment, Long Service Payment, Employment Protection, Termination of Employment
Contract, Protection Against Anti-Union Discrimination. In addition, every employer must take out employees compensation insurance
to protect the claims made by employees in respect of accidents occurred during the course of their employment. 

An employer must also comply
with all legal obligations under the Mandatory Provident Fund MPF Schemes Ordinance, (CAP. 485). These include enrolling
all qualifying employees in MPF schemes and making MPF contributions for them. Except for exempt persons, employer should enroll for both
full-time and part-time employees who are at least 18 but under 65 years of age into an MPF scheme within the first 60 days of employment.
The 60-day employment rule does not apply to casual employees in the construction and catering industries. Pursuant to the said Ordinance,
we are required to make MPF contributions for our Hong Kong employees once every contribution period (generally the wage period within
1 month). Employers and employees are each required to make regular mandatory contributions of 5 of the employee s relevant income
to an MPF scheme, subject to the minimum and maximum relevant income levels. For a monthly-paid employee, the minimum and maximum relevant
income levels are 899 and 3,854, respectively. 

China 

Depending upon the political
climate, we may also become subject to the laws and regulations of China governing businesses in general, including labor, occupational
safety and health, contracts, tort and intellectual property. We may also become subject to foreign exchange regulations might limit our
ability to convert foreign currency into Renminbi, acquire PRC companies, or make dividend payments to KRFG. 

PRC Regulations on Tax 

Enterprise Income Tax 

The EIT Law of the People s
Republic of China was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress on March 16, 2007 and became effective
on January 1, 2008, and was later amended on February 24, 2017. The Implementation Rules of the EIT Law (the Implementation
Rules were promulgated by the State Council on December 6, 2007 and became effective on January 1, 2008. According to the
EIT Law and the Implementation Rules, enterprises are divided into resident enterprises and non-resident enterprises. Resident enterprises
shall pay enterprise income tax on their incomes obtained in and outside the PRC at the rate of 25 . Non-resident enterprises setting
up institutions in the PRC shall pay enterprise income tax on the incomes obtained by such institutions in and outside the PRC at the
rate of 25 . Non-resident enterprises with no institutions in the PRC, and non-resident enterprises whose incomes having no substantial
connection with their institutions in the PRC, shall pay enterprise income tax on their incomes obtained in the PRC at a reduced rate
of 10 . 

13 

The Arrangement between
the PRC and Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect
to Taxes on Income (the Arrangement was promulgated by the State Administration of Taxation SAT on
August 21, 2006 and came into effect on December 8, 2006. According to the Arrangement, a company incorporated in Hong Kong
will be subject to withholding tax at the lower rate of 5 on dividends it receives from a company incorporated in the PRC if it holds
a 25 interest or more in the PRC company. The Notice on the Understanding and Identification of the Beneficial Owners in the Tax Treaty (the
 Notice was promulgated by SAT and became effective on October 27, 2009. According to the Notice, a beneficial ownership
analysis will be used based on a substance-over-form principle to determine whether or not to grant tax treaty benefits. 

In April 2009, the Ministry
of Finance, or MOF, and SAT jointly issued the Notice on Issues Concerning Process of Enterprise Income Tax in Enterprise Restructuring
Business, or Circular 59. In December 2009, SAT issued the Notice on Strengthening Administration of Enterprise Income Tax for Share
Transfers by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises, or Circular 698. Both Circular 59 and Circular 698 became effective retroactively
as of January 2008. In February 2011, SAT issued the Notice on Several Issues Regarding the Income Tax of Non-PRC Resident Enterprises,
or SAT Circular 24, effective April 2011. By promulgating and implementing these circulars, the PRC tax authorities have enhanced
their scrutiny over the direct or indirect transfer of equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise by a non-resident enterprise. 

Under Circular 698, where
a non-resident enterprise conducts an indirect transfer by transferring the equity interests of a PRC resident enterprise 
indirectly by disposing of the equity interests of an overseas holding company, the non-resident enterprise, being the transferor, may
be subject to PRC enterprise income tax, if the indirect transfer is considered to be an abusive use of company structure without reasonable
commercial purposes. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC tax at a rate of up to 10 . Circular
698 also provides that, where a non-PRC resident enterprise transfers its equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise to its related
parties at a price lower than the fair market value, the relevant tax authority has the power to make a reasonable adjustment to the taxable
income of the transaction. 

In February 2015, the SAT
issued Circular 7 to replace the rules relating to indirect transfers in Circular 698. Circular 7 has introduced a new tax regime that
is significantly different from that under Circular 698. Circular 7 extends its tax jurisdiction to not only indirect transfers set forth
under Circular 698 but also transactions involving transfer of other taxable assets, through the offshore transfer of a foreign intermediate
holding company. In addition, Circular 7 provides clearer criteria than Circular 698 on how to assess reasonable commercial purposes and
has introduced safe harbors for internal group restructurings and the purchase and sale of equity through a public securities market.
Circular 7 also brings challenges to both the foreign transferor and transferee (or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer)
of the taxable assets. Where a non-resident enterprise conducts an indirect transfer by transferring the taxable assets
indirectly by disposing of the equity interests of an overseas holding company, the non-resident enterprise being the transferor, or the
transferee, or the PRC entity which directly owned the taxable assets may report to the relevant tax authority such indirect transfer.
Using a substance over form principle, the PRC tax authority may disregard the existence of the overseas holding company
if it lacks a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the purpose of reducing, avoiding or deferring PRC tax. As a result,
gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax, and the transferee or other person who is obligated
to pay for the transfer is obligated to withhold the applicable taxes, currently at a rate of 10 for the transfer of equity interests
in a PRC resident enterprise. 

On October 17, 2017,
the SAT issued a Notice Concerning Withholding Income Tax of Non-Resident Enterprise, or SAT Notice No. 37, which abolishes Circular 698
and certain provisions of Circular 7. SAT Notice No. 37 reduces the burden of the withholding obligator, such as revocation
of contract filing requirements and tax liquidation procedures, strengthens the cooperation of tax authorities in different places, and
clarifies the calculation of tax payable and mechanism of foreign exchange. 

Value-added Tax 

Pursuant to the Provisional
Regulations on Value-added Tax of the PRC, or the VAT Regulations, which were promulgated by the State Council on December 13, 1993, took
effect on January 1, 1994, and were amended on November 10, 2008, February 6, 2016, and November 19, 2017, respectively, and the Rules
for the Implementation of the Provisional Regulations on Value-added Tax of the PRC, which were promulgated by the MOF on December 25,
1993, and were amended on December 15, 2008, and October 28, 2011, respectively, entities and individuals that sell goods or labor services
of processing, repair or replacement, sell services, intangible assets, or immovables, or import goods within the territory of the People s
Republic of China are taxpayers of value-added tax. The VAT rate is 17 for taxpayers selling goods, labor services, or tangible movable
property leasing services or importing goods, except otherwise specified; 11 for taxpayers selling services of transportation, postal,
basic telecommunications, construction and lease of immovable, selling immovable, transferring land use rights, selling and importing
other specified goods including fertilizers; 6 for taxpayers selling services or intangible assets. 

14 

According to the Notice on
the Adjustment to the Value-added Tax Rates issued by the SAT and the MOF on April 4, 2018, where taxpayers make VAT taxable sales or
import goods, the applicable tax rates shall be adjusted from 17 to 16 and from 11 to 10 , respectively. Subsequently, the Notice on
Policies for Deepening Reform of Value-added Tax was issued by the SAT, the MOF and the General Administration of Customs on March 30,
2019 and took effective on April 1, 2019, which further adjusted the applicable tax rate for taxpayers making VAT taxable sales or importing
goods. The applicable tax rates shall be adjusted from 16 to 13 and from 10 to 9 , respectively. 

Dividend Withholding Tax 

The Enterprise Income Tax
Law provides that since January 1, 2008, an income tax rate of 10 will normally be applicable to dividends declared to non-PRC resident
investors that do not have an establishment or place of business in the PRC, or that have such establishment or place of business but
the relevant income is not effectively connected with the establishment or place of business, to the extent such dividends are derived
from sources within the PRC. 

PRC Laws and Regulations on Employment and
Social Welfare 

Labor Law of the PRC 

Pursuant to the Labor Law
of the PRC, which was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress NPC on July 5,
1994 with an effective date of January 1, 1995 and was last amended on August 27, 2009 and the Labor Contract Law of the PRC,
which was promulgated on June 29, 2007, became effective on January 1, 2008 and was last amended on December 28, 2012,
with the amendments coming into effect on July 1, 2013, enterprises and institutions shall ensure the safety and hygiene of a workplace,
strictly comply with applicable rules and standards on workplace safety and hygiene in China, and educate employees on such rules and
standards. Furthermore, employers and employees shall enter into written employment contracts to establish their employment relationships.
Employers are required to inform their employees about their job responsibilities, working conditions, occupational hazards, remuneration
and other matters with which the employees may be concerned. Employers shall pay remuneration to employees on time and in full accordance
with the commitments set forth in their employment contracts and with the relevant PRC laws and regulations. Our Hong Kong subsidiary
currently does not comply with PRC laws and regulations, but complies with Hong Kong laws and regulations. 

Social Insurance and Housing Fund 

Pursuant to the Social
Insurance Law of the PRC, which was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the NPC on October 28, 2010 and became effective on
July 1, 2011, employers in the PRC shall provide their employees with welfare schemes covering basic pension insurance, basic medical
insurance, unemployment insurance, maternity insurance, and occupational injury insurance. Our Hong Kong subsidiary has not deposited
the social insurance fees in full for all the employees in compliance with the relevant regulations. We may be ordered by the social security
premium collection agency to make or supplement contributions within a stipulated period, and shall be subject to a late payment fine
computed from the due date at the rate of 0.05 per day; where payment is not made within the stipulated period, the relevant administrative
authorities shall impose a fine ranging from one to three times the amount of the amount in arrears. Our Hong Kong subsidiary has not
deposited the social insurance fees as required by relevant regulations. 

In accordance with the Regulations
on Management of Housing Provident Fund, which were promulgated by the State Council on April 3, 1999 and last amended on March 24,
2002, employers must register at the designated administrative centers and open bank accounts for depositing employees housing
funds. Employers and employees are also required to pay and deposit housing funds, with an amount no less than 5 of the monthly average
salary of the employee in the preceding year in full and on time. Our subsidiaries have not registered at the designated administrative
centers nor opened bank accounts for depositing employees housing funds. They also have not deposited employees housing
funds. Our subsidiaries may be ordered by the housing provident fund management center to complete the registration formalities, open
bank accounts, make the payment and deposit within a prescribed time limit if they become subject to PRC laws. Failing to register or
open bank accounts at the expiration of the time limit could result in fines of not less than RMB 10,000 nor more than RMB 50,000. And
an application may be made to a people s court for compulsory enforcement if payment and deposit has not been made after the expiration
of the time limit. 

15 

PRC Regulations Relating to Foreign Exchange

General Administration of Foreign Exchange 

The principal regulation governing
foreign currency exchange in the PRC is the Administrative Regulations of the PRC on Foreign Exchange (the Foreign Exchange
Regulations ), which were promulgated on January 29, 1996, became effective on April 1, 1996 and were last amended on
August 5, 2008. Under these rules, Renminbi is generally freely convertible for payments of current account items, such as trade-
and service-related foreign exchange transactions and dividend payments, but not freely convertible for capital account items, such as
capital transfer, direct investment, investment in securities, derivative products or loans unless prior approval by competent authorities
for the administration of foreign exchange is obtained. Under the Foreign Exchange Regulations, foreign-invested enterprises in the PRC
may purchase foreign exchange without the approval of SAFE to pay dividends by providing certain evidentiary documents, including board
resolutions, tax certificates, or for trade- and services-related foreign exchange transactions, by providing commercial documents evidencing
such transactions. 

Circular No. 37 and Circular No. 13 

Circular 37 was released by
SAFE on July 4, 2014 and abolished Circular 75 which had been in effect since November 1, 2005. Pursuant to Circular 37, a PRC
resident should apply to SAFE for foreign exchange registration of overseas investments before it makes any capital contribution to a
special purpose vehicle, or SPV, using his or her legitimate domestic or offshore assets or interests. SPVs are offshore enterprises directly
established or indirectly controlled by domestic residents for the purpose of investment and financing by utilizing domestic or offshore
assets or interests they legally hold. Following any significant change in a registered offshore SPV, such as capital increase, reduction,
equity transfer or swap, consolidation or division involving domestic resident individuals, the domestic individuals shall amend the registration
with SAFE. Where an SPV intends to repatriate funds raised after completion of offshore financing to the PRC, it shall comply with
relevant PRC regulations on foreign investment and foreign debt management. A foreign-invested enterprise established through return investment
shall complete relevant foreign exchange registration formalities in accordance with the prevailing foreign exchange administration regulations
on foreign direct investment and truthfully disclose information on the actual controller of its shareholders. 

If any shareholder who is
a PRC resident (as determined by the Circular No. 37) holds any interest in an offshore SPV and fails to fulfil the required foreign exchange
registration with the local SAFE branches, the PRC subsidiaries of that offshore SPV may be prohibited from distributing their profits
and dividends to their offshore parent company or from carrying out other subsequent cross-border foreign exchange activities. The offshore
SPV may also be restricted in its ability to contribute additional capital to its PRC subsidiaries. Where a domestic resident fails to
complete relevant foreign exchange registration as required, fails to truthfully disclose information on the actual controller of the
enterprise involved in the return investment or otherwise makes false statements, the foreign exchange control authority may order them
to take remedial actions, issue a warning, and impose a fine of less than RMB 300,000 on an institution or less than RMB 50,000 on an
individual. 

Circular 13 was issued by
SAFE on February 13, 2015, and became effective on June 1, 2015. Pursuant to Circular 13, a domestic resident who makes a capital
contribution to an SPV using his or her legitimate domestic or offshore assets or interests is no longer required to apply to SAFE for
foreign exchange registration of his or her overseas investments. Instead, he or she shall register with a bank in the place where the
assets or interests of the domestic enterprise in which he or she has interests are located if the domestic resident individually seeks
to make a capital contribution to the SPV using his or her legitimate domestic assets or interests; or he or she shall register with a
local bank at his or her permanent residence if the domestic resident individually seeks to make a capital contribution to the SPV using
his or her legitimate offshore assets or interests. 

We cannot assure that our
PRC beneficial shareholders have completed registrations in accordance with Circular 37. 

16 

Circular 19 and Circular 16 

Circular 19 was promulgated
by State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE on March 30, 2015, and became effective on June 1, 2015. According
to Circular 19, the foreign exchange capital in the capital account of foreign-invested enterprises, meaning the monetary contribution
confirmed by the foreign exchange authorities or the monetary contribution registered for account entry through banks, shall be granted
the benefits of Discretional Foreign Exchange Settlement Discretional Foreign Exchange Settlement ). With Discretional Foreign
Exchange Settlement, foreign capital in the capital account of a foreign-invested enterprise for which the rights and interests of monetary
contribution have been confirmed by the local foreign exchange bureau, or for which book-entry registration of monetary contribution has
been completed by the bank, can be settled at the bank based on the actual operational needs of the foreign-invested enterprise. The allowed
Discretional Foreign Exchange Settlement percentage of the foreign capital of a foreign-invested enterprise has been temporarily
set to be 100 . The Renminbi converted from the foreign capital will be kept in a designated account and if a foreign-invested enterprise
needs to make any further payment from such account, it will still need to provide supporting documents and to complete the review process
with its bank. 

Furthermore, Circular 19 stipulates
that foreign-invested enterprises shall make bona fide use of their capital for their own needs within their business scopes. The capital
of a foreign-invested enterprise and the Renminbi it obtained from foreign exchange settlement shall not be used for the following purposes: 

directly or indirectly used for expenses beyond its business scope or prohibited by relevant laws or regulations; 

directly or indirectly used for investment in securities unless otherwise provided by relevant laws or regulations; 

directly or indirectly used for entrusted loan in Renminbi (unless within its permitted scope of business), repayment of inter-company loans (including advances by a third party) or repayment of bank loans in Renminbi that have been sub-lent to a third party; or 

directly or indirectly used for expenses related to the purchase of real estate that is not for self-use (except for foreign-invested real estate enterprises). 

Circular 16 was issued by
SAFE on June 9, 2016. Pursuant to Circular 16, enterprises registered in the PRC may also convert their foreign debts from foreign
currency to Renminbi on a self-discretionary basis. Circular 16 provides an integrated standard for conversion of foreign exchange capital
items (including but not limited to foreign currency capital and foreign debts) on a self-discretionary basis applicable to all enterprises
registered in the PRC. Circular 16 reiterates the principle that an enterprise s Renminbi capital converted from foreign currency-denominated
capital may not be directly or indirectly used for purposes beyond its business scope or purposes prohibited by PRC laws or regulations,
and such converted Renminbi capital shall not be provided as loans to non-affiliated entities. 

PRC subsidiaries' distributions
to their offshore parents are required to comply with the requirements as described above. 

PRC Share Option Rules 

Under the Administration Measures
on Individual Foreign Exchange Control issued by the People s Bank of China PBOC on December 25, 2006, all foreign
exchange matters involved in employee share ownership plans and share option plans in which PRC citizens participate require approval
from SAFE or its authorized branch. Pursuant to SAFE Circular 37, PRC residents who participate in share incentive plans in overseas non-publicly-listed
companies may submit applications to SAFE or its local branches for the foreign exchange registration with respect to offshore special
purpose companies. In addition, under the Notices on Issues concerning the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating
in Share Incentive Plans of Overseas Publicly-Listed Companies, or the Share Option Rules, issued by SAFE on February 15, 2012, PRC residents
who are granted shares or share options by companies listed on overseas stock exchanges under share incentive plans are required to (i)
register with SAFE or its local branches, (ii) retain a qualified PRC agent, which may be a PRC subsidiary of the overseas listed company
or another qualified institution selected by the PRC subsidiary, to conduct the SAFE registration and other procedures with respect to
the share incentive plans on behalf of the participants, and (iii) retain an overseas institution to handle matters in connection with
their exercise of share options, purchase and sale of shares or interests and funds transfers. 

17 

PRC Regulation Relating to Dividend Distributions 

The principal laws, rules
and regulations governing dividend distributions by foreign-invested enterprises in the PRC are the Company Law of the PRC, as amended,
the Wholly Foreign-owned Enterprise Law and its implementation regulations, the Chinese-foreign Cooperative Joint Venture Law and its
implementation regulations, and the Chinese-foreign Equity Joint Venture Law and its implementation regulations. Under these laws, rules
and regulations, foreign-invested enterprises may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profit, if any, as determined in accordance
with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Both PRC domestic companies and wholly-foreign owned PRC enterprises are required to set
aside a general reserve of at least 10 of their after-tax profit, until the cumulative amount of such reserve reaches 50 of their registered
capital. A PRC company is not permitted to distribute any profits until any losses from prior fiscal years have been offset. Profits retained
from prior fiscal years may be distributed together with distributable profits from the current fiscal year. 

REPORTS TO SECURITY HOLDERS 

We are subject to the informational
requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and accordingly, will file current and periodic reports, proxy statements
and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the Commission. Information that the Company previously publicly
disclosed was made through the OTC Disclosure and News Service and are available on the OTC Markets Group s website at www.otcmarkets.com.
With respect to disclosures filed or furnished to the Commission, you may obtain copies of our prior and future reports from the Commission s
Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, or on the SEC's website, at www.sec.gov. You may obtain information
on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

Near-Term Requirements For
Additional Capital 

We believe that we will require
approximately 10 million over the next 18-24 months to implement our business plan. For the immediate future, we intend to finance our
business expansion efforts through loans from existing shareholders or financial institutions. 

Available
Information 

Access to all of our Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current
reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is provided, free of charge, on our website (www.powertechcorp.com)
as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Except as expressly set
forth in this Form 10-K annual report, the contents of our website are not incorporated into, or otherwise to be regarded as part of this
report. 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 

We have derived, and expect to continue to
derive, a significant amount of revenue from a small number of customers. 

Historically, we have earned,
and believe that in the future we will continue to earn, a substantial portion of our revenue from a relatively small number of customers.
During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, one customer accounted for 80 of our revenues. If we were to either lose one of our major
customers or have a major customer significantly reduce its volume of business with us, our business, results of operations and financial
condition would be harmed unless we are able to replace such demand with other orders promptly. We expect to continue to be dependent
on our major customers, the number and identity of which may change from period to period. Because our customers generally do not provide
us with firm, long-term volume purchase commitments, our customers, including our largest customers upon whom we may become dependent,
can reduce or terminate altogether their business with us at any time. 

18 

We are also subject
to other risks and uncertainties that affect many other businesses, including: 

increasing costs, the volatility of costs and funding requirements and other legal mandates for employee benefits, especially pension and healthcare benefits; 

the increasing costs of compliance with federal, state and foreign governmental agency mandates (including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act) and defending against inappropriate or unjustified enforcement or other actions by such agencies; 

the impact of any international conflicts on the U.S. and global economies in general, the transportation industry or us in particular, and what effects these events will have on our costs or the demand for our services; 

any impacts on our business resulting from new domestic or international government laws and regulation; 

market acceptance of our new service and growth initiatives; 

the impact of technology developments on our operations and on demand for our services; 

governmental under-investment in transportation infrastructure, which could increase our costs and adversely impact our service levels due to traffic congestion or sub-optimal routing of our vehicles; 

widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public health crisis; and 

availability of financing on terms acceptable to our ability to maintain our current credit ratings, especially given the capital intensity of our operations. 

If we are unable to
protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position would be harmed. 

We may rely on trade secrets,
including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information, to maintain our competitive position. However, trade secrets
are difficult to protect. We limit disclosure of such trade secrets where possible but we also seek to protect these trade secrets, in
part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties who do have access to them, such as our employees, contract
manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. Despite these efforts, any of these parties may breach the agreements and
may unintentionally or willfully disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate
remedies for such breaches. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive
and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or
unwilling to protect trade secrets. Moreover, if any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a
competitor, we would have no right to prevent them, or those to whom they communicate it, from using that technology or information to
compete with us. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently developed by a competitor, our competitive position
would be harmed. 

Risk Factors Risk
Factors Relating to Doing Business in Hong Kong and China. 

The PRC government has
significant oversight and discretion over the conduct of a Hong Kong company s business operations or to exert control over any
offering of securities conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers, and may intervene with or influence our operations,
may limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, and may cause the value of such securities
to significantly decline or be worthless, as the government deems appropriate to further regulatory, political and societal goals. 

In light of China s
extension of authority into Hong Kong, we are subject to risks arising from the legal system in China, including risks and uncertainties
regarding the enforcement of laws and that rules and regulations in Hong Kong and China can change quickly with little to no advanced
notice. In addition, the PRC government may intervene or influence our operations at any time with little to no advanced notice, which
could result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of our common stock. These risks will become even more prominent
and direct if we expand our operations into or develop a physical presence in China. For example, the PRC government has recently published
new policies that significantly affected certain industries such as the education and internet industries, and we cannot rule out the
possibility that it will in the future release regulations or policies regarding any industry that could adversely affect the business,
financial condition and results of operations of our company. To the extent that we expand into China in the future, significantly adverse
policies from the PRC may force us to divest of such Chinese operations or face other risks of forfeiture. Furthermore, the PRC government
has also recently indicated an intent to exert more oversight and control over securities offerings and other capital markets activities
that are conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based companies. Any such action, once taken by the PRC government, could
significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such
securities to significantly decline or in extreme cases, become worthless. 

19 

Recently, the PRC government
initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate business operations in China with little advance notice, including
cracking down on illegal activities in the securities market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed overseas using variable
interest entity structure, adopting new measures to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly
enforcement. We believe we are not subject to cybersecurity review with the Cyberspace Administration of China, or CAC, given that: (i)
our products and services are offered not directly to individual users but through our institutional customers; (ii) we do not possess
a large amount of personal information in our business operations; and (iii) data processed in our business does not have a bearing on
national security and thus may not be classified as core or important data by the authorities. See also Risk Factors 
We may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection.
We may be liable for improper use or appropriation of personal information provided by our customers. In addition, we believe
that we are not subject to merger control review by China s anti-monopoly enforcement agency due to the level of our revenues which
provided from us and audited by our auditor, and the fact that we currently do not expect to propose or implement any acquisition of control
of, or decisive influence over, any company with revenues within China of more than RMB400 million. Currently, these statements and regulatory
actions have had no impact on our daily business operation, the ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities on an U.S.
or other foreign exchange. Since these statements and regulatory actions are new, it is highly uncertain how soon legislative or administrative
regulation making bodies will respond and what existing or new laws or regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations will
be modified or promulgated, if any, and the potential impact such modified or new laws and regulations will have on our daily business
operation, the ability to accept foreign investments and list our securities on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. 

We face the risk that
changes in the policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in Hong Kong
currently, and in the future, in China, and the profitability of such business. 

Our business and assets are
primarily located in Hong Kong, and we intend to expand distribution of our products into China in the future. Accordingly, economic,
political and legal developments in Hong Kong and the PRC will significantly affect our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects. Policies of the PRC government can have significant effects on economic conditions in Hong Kong. While we believe that
the PRC will continue to strengthen its economic and trading relationships with foreign countries and that business development in the
PRC will continue to follow market forces, we cannot assure you that this will be the case. Our interests may be adversely affected by
changes in policies by the PRC government, including: 

Uncertainties regarding enforcement of laws in Hong Kong, and as we expand into China, the PRC; 

changes in laws, regulations or their interpretation especially with respect to application of PRC tax, labor, currency restriction and other laws to Hong Kong operations, all of which can occur quickly and with little to no advanced notice; 

confiscatory taxation or changes in taxation; 

Currency revaluations or restrictions on currency conversion, imports or sources of supplies, or ability to continue as a for-profit enterprise; 

expropriation or nationalization of private enterprises, risks of forfeiture; and 

the allocation of resources. 

Substantial uncertainties
and restrictions with respect to the political, legal and economic policies of the PRC government and PRC laws and regulations could have
a significant impact upon the business that we may be able to conduct in Hong Kong and the PRC, and accordingly on the results of our
operations and financial condition. 

Our business operations (and
product sales, if we expand distribution of our products into China) may be adversely affected by the current and future political environment
in the PRC. The PRC government has exercised and continues to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese
economy through regulation and state ownership. We expect the Hong Kong and PRC legal systems to rapidly evolve in the near future with
the Hong Kong legal system becoming closer aligned with legal system in China. There is a risk that the PRC government will intervene
or influence our operations at any time, including exerting more oversight and control over companies operating in Hong Kong and the PRC,
offerings conducted overseas and or foreign investment in Hong Kong and PRC based issuers, which could result in a material change in
our operations and or the value of our common stock. These actions may be reflected in the changing interpretations and enforcement of
many laws, regulations and rules in Hong Kong and the PRC that may not always be uniform and with little to no advance notice. Our business
operations and our ability to operate in Hong Kong, offer or continue to offer securities to investors and continue to invest in Hong
Kong and or PRC based issuers may be harmed by these changes in laws and regulations, including those relating to taxation, import and
export tariffs, healthcare regulations, environmental regulations, land use and property ownership rights, and other matters. Accordingly,
government actions in the future, including any decision not to continue to support recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally
planned economy or regional or local variations in the implementation of economic policies, could have a significant effect on economic
conditions in Hong Kong or particular regions thereof, and could limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer
securities to investors or require us to divest ourselves of any interest we then hold in Hong Kong properties or joint ventures. Any
such actions (including divesture or similar actions) could result in a material adverse effect on us and on your investment in us and
could cause the value of our securities and your investment in our securities to significantly decline or be worthless. 

20 

There are substantial uncertainties
regarding the interpretation and application of PRC laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, the laws and regulations governing
our business, or the enforcement and performance of our contractual arrangements with borrowers in the event of the imposition of statutory
liens, death, bankruptcy or criminal proceedings. Only after 1979 did the Chinese government begin to promulgate a comprehensive system
of laws that regulate economic affairs in general, deal with economic matters such as foreign investment, corporate organization and governance,
commerce, taxation and trade, as well as encourage foreign investment in China. Although the influence of the law has been increasing,
China has not developed a fully integrated legal system and recently enacted laws and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects
of economic activities in China. Also, because these laws and regulations are relatively new, and because of the limited volume of published
cases and their lack of force as precedents, interpretation and enforcement of these laws and regulations involve significant uncertainties.
New laws and regulations that affect existing and proposed future businesses may also be applied retroactively. In addition, there have
been constant changes and amendments of laws and regulations over the past 30 years in order to keep up with the rapidly changing society
and economy in China. Because government agencies and courts that provide interpretations of laws and regulations and decide contractual
disputes and issues may change their interpretation or enforcement very rapidly with little advance notice at any time, we cannot predict
the future direction of Chinese legislative activities with respect to either businesses with foreign investment or the effectiveness
on enforcement of laws and regulations in China. The uncertainties, including new laws and regulations and changes of existing laws, as
well as may cause possible problems to foreign investors. 

Although the PRC government
has been pursuing economic reform policies for more than two decades, the PRC government continues to exercise significant control over
economic growth in the PRC through the allocation of resources, controlling payments of foreign currency, setting monetary policy and
imposing policies that impact particular industries in different ways. We cannot assure you that the PRC government will continue to pursue
policies favoring a market oriented economy or that existing policies will not be significantly altered, especially in the event of a
change in leadership, social or political disruption, or other circumstances affecting political, economic and social life in the PRC. 

The Holding Foreign
Companies Accountable Act requires the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) to be permitted to inspect the issuer's public
accounting firm within three years. This three-year period will be shortened to two years if the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act is enacted. There are uncertainties under the PRC Securities Law relating to the procedures and requisite timing for the
U.S. securities regulatory agencies to conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. If the U.S. securities
regulatory agencies are unable to conduct such investigations, they may suspend or de-register our registration with the SEC and delist
our securities from applicable trading market within the US. 

The Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act (HFCAA) was signed into law on December 18, 2020, and requires Auditors of publicly traded companies to submit to regular
inspections every three years to assess such auditors compliance with applicable professional standards. On June 22, 2021, the
U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act which, if passed by the U.S. House of Representatives and
signed into law, would reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCAA
from three years to two. On September 22, 2021, the PCAOB adopted rules to create a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining, as
contemplated under the HFCAA, whether it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in
a foreign jurisdiction because of a position taken by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. On December 2, 2021, the SEC adopted
amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCAA. The rules apply to registrants that
the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located
in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority
in a foreign jurisdiction. On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report on its determinations that it is unable to inspect or investigate
completely PCAOB-registered public accounting firms headquartered in China and in Hong Kong because of positions taken by PRC and Hong
Kong authorities in those jurisdictions. The PCAOB has made such designations as mandated under the HFCAA. Pursuant to each annual determination
by the PCAOB, the SEC will, on an annual basis, identify issuers that have used non-inspected audit firms and thus are at risk of such
suspensions in the future. 

21 

Our auditor is based in Kuala
Lumpur, Malaysia and is subject to PCAOB inspection. It is not subject to the determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021.
However, in the event the Malaysian authorities subsequently take a position disallowing the PCAOB to inspect our auditor, then we would
need to change our auditor. Furthermore, due to the recent developments in connection with the implementation of the Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act, we cannot assure you whether the SEC or other regulatory authorities would apply additional and more stringent criteria
to us after considering the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy of personnel
and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach or experience as it relates to the audit of our financial statements. The
requirement in the HFCAA that the PCAOB be permitted to inspect the issuer s public accounting firm within two or three years, may
result in the delisting of our securities from applicable trading markets in the U.S, in the future if the PCAOB is unable to inspect
our accounting firm at such future time. If the authorities in Malaysia subsequently take a position disallowing the PCAOB to inspect
our auditor, the lack of inspection could cause trading in our securities to be prohibited under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable
Act and as a result, our securities may be delisted from applicable trading markets within the US. 

If the U.S. securities regulatory
agencies are unable to conduct such investigations, there exists a risk that they may determine to suspend or de-register our registration
with the SEC and may also delist our securities from applicable trading market within the US. 

According to Article 177 of
the Securities Law of the PRC Article 177 ), overseas securities regulatory authorities are prohibited from engaging in
activities pertaining to investigations or evidence collection directly conducted within the territories of the PRC, and Chinese entities
or individuals are further prohibited from providing documents and information in connection with securities business activities to any
organizations and/or persons abroad without the prior consent of the securities regulatory authority of the State Council and the competent
departments of the State Council. As of the date of this report, we are not aware of any implementing rules or regulations which have
been published regarding application of Article 177. 

We believe Article 177 is
only applicable where the activities of overseas authorities constitute a direct investigation or evidence collection by such authorities
within the territory of the PRC. Our principal business operation is conducted in Hong Kong. In the event that the U.S. securities regulatory
agencies carry out an investigation on us such as an enforcement action by the Department of Justice, the SEC or other authorities, such
agencies activities will constitute conducting an investigation or collecting evidence directly within the territory of the PRC
and accordingly fall within the scope of Article 177. In that case, the U.S. securities regulatory agencies may have to consider establishing
cross-border cooperation with the securities regulatory authority of the PRC by way of judicial assistance, diplomatic channels or establishing
a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory authority of the PRC. However, there is no assurance that the U.S. securities
regulatory agencies will succeed in establishing such cross-border cooperation in this particular case and/or establish such cooperation
in a timely manner. 

Furthermore, as Article 177
is a recently promulgated provision, it remains unclear as to how it will be interpreted, implemented or applied by the Chinese Securities
Regulatory Commission or other relevant government authorities. As such, there are uncertainties as to the procedures and requisite timing
for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies to conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. The Holding
Foreign Companies Accountable Act requires the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) be permitted to inspect the issuer's
public accounting firm within three years. This three year period will be shortened to two years if the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act is enacted. If the U.S. securities regulatory agencies are unable to conduct such investigations, there exists a risk
that they may determine to suspend or de-register our registration with the SEC and may also delist our securities from applicable trading
market within the US. 

Adverse regulatory developments
in China may subject us to additional regulatory review, and additional disclosure requirements and regulatory scrutiny to be adopted
by the SEC in response to risks related to recent regulatory developments in China may impose additional compliance requirements for companies
like us with Hong Kong-based operations, all of which could increase our compliance costs, subject us to additional disclosure requirements. 

The recent regulatory developments
in China, in particular with respect to restrictions on China-based companies raising capital offshore, may lead to additional regulatory
review in China over our financing and capital raising activities in the United States. In addition, we may be subject to industry-wide
regulations that may be adopted by the relevant PRC authorities, which may have the effect of limiting our service offerings, restricting
the scope of our operations in Hong Kong, or causing the suspension or termination of our business operations in Hong Kong entirely, all
of which will materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may have to adjust, modify,
or completely change our business operations in response to adverse regulatory changes or policy developments, and we cannot assure you
that any remedial action adopted by us can be completed in a timely, cost-efficient, or liability-free manner or at all. 

22 

On July 30, 2021, in
response to the recent regulatory developments in China and actions adopted by the PRC government, the Chairman of the SEC issued a statement
asking the SEC staff to seek additional disclosures from offshore issuers associated with China-based operating companies (including Hong
Kong) before their registration statements will be declared effective. On August 1, 2021, the China Securities Regulatory Commission stated
in a statement that it had taken note of the new disclosure requirements announced by the SEC regarding the listings of Chinese companies
and the recent regulatory development in China, and that both countries should strengthen communications on regulating China-related issuers.
Since we operate in Hong Kong, we cannot guarantee that we will not be subject to tightened regulatory review and we could be exposed
to government interference from China. 

We may become subject
to a variety of laws and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection. We may be liable
for improper use or appropriation of personal information provided by our customers. 

While we are currently not
subject to the laws and regulations in the PRC regarding privacy, data security, cybersecurity, and data protection, there can be no assurance
that such laws will continue to be inapplicable to us in the future as these laws and regulations are continuously evolving and developing.
The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly
with respect to foreign laws. In particular, there are numerous laws and regulations regarding privacy and the collection, sharing, use,
processing, disclosure, and protection of personal information and other user data. Such laws and regulations often vary in scope, may
be subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among different jurisdictions. 

We expect to obtain information
about various aspects of our operations as well as regarding our employees and third parties. We also maintain information about various
aspects of our operations as well as regarding our employees. The integrity and protection of our customer, employee and company data
is critical to our business. Our customers and employees expect that we will adequately protect their personal information. We are required
by applicable laws to keep strictly confidential the personal information that we collect, and to take adequate security measures to safeguard
such information. 

The PRC Criminal Law, as amended
by its Amendment 7 (effective on February 28, 2009) and Amendment 9 (effective on November 1, 2015), prohibits institutions, companies
and their employees from selling or otherwise illegally disclosing a citizen s personal information obtained during the course of
performing duties or providing services or obtaining such information through theft or other illegal ways. On November 7, 2016, the Standing
Committee of the PRC National People s Congress issued the Cyber Security Law of the PRC, or Cyber Security Law, which became effective
on June 1, 2017. 

Pursuant to the Cyber Security
Law, network operators must not, without users consent, collect their personal information, and may only collect users personal
information necessary to provide their services. Providers are also obliged to provide security maintenance for their products and services
and shall comply with provisions regarding the protection of personal information as stipulated under the relevant laws and regulations. 

The Civil Code of the PRC
(issued by the PRC National People s Congress on May 28, 2020 and effective from January 1, 2021) provides main legal basis for
privacy and personal information infringement claims under the Chinese civil laws. PRC regulators, including the Cyberspace Administration
of China, MIIT, and the Ministry of Public Security have been increasingly focused on regulation in the areas of data security and data
protection. 

The PRC regulatory requirements
regarding cybersecurity are constantly evolving. For instance, various regulatory bodies in China, including the Cyberspace Administration
of China, the Ministry of Public Security and the SAMR, have enforced data privacy and protection laws and regulations with varying and
evolving standards and interpretations. In April 2020, the Chinese government promulgated Cybersecurity Review Measures, which came into
effect on June 1, 2020. According to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity
review when purchasing network products and services which do or may affect national security. 

23 

In November 2016, the Standing
Committee of the NPC passed China s first Cybersecurity Law CSL ), which became effective in June 2017. The CSL is
the first PRC law that systematically lays out the regulatory requirements on cybersecurity and data protection, subjecting many previously
under-regulated or unregulated activities in cyberspace to government scrutiny. The legal consequences of violation of the CSL include
penalties of warning, confiscation of illegal income, suspension of related business, winding up for rectification, shutting down the
websites, and revocation of business license or relevant permits. In April 2020, the Cyberspace Administration of China and certain other
PRC regulatory authorities promulgated the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which became effective in June 2020. Pursuant to the Cybersecurity
Review Measures, operators of critical information infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity review when purchasing network products and
services which do or may affect national security. On July 10, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China issued a revised draft of
the Measures for Cybersecurity Review for public comments Draft Measures ), which required that, in addition to operator
of critical information infrastructure, any data processor carrying out data processing activities that affect or
may affect national security should also be subject to cybersecurity review, and further elaborated the factors to be considered when
assessing the national security risks of the relevant activities, including, among others, (i) the risk of core data, important data or
a large amount of personal information being stolen, leaked, destroyed, and illegally used or exited the country; and (ii) the risk of
critical information infrastructure, core data, important data or a large amount of personal information being affected, controlled, or
maliciously used by foreign governments after listing abroad. The Cyberspace Administration of China has said that under the proposed
rules companies holding data on more than 1,000,000 users must now apply for cybersecurity approval when seeking listings in other nations
because of the risk that such data and personal information could be affected, controlled, and maliciously exploited by foreign
governments, The cybersecurity review will also investigate the potential national security risks from overseas IPOs. We do not
know what regulations will be adopted or how such regulations will affect us and our listing on Nasdaq. In the event that the Cyberspace
Administration of China determines that we are subject to these regulations, we may be required to delist from Nasdaq and we may be subject
to fines and penalties. On June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the NPC promulgated the PRC Data Security Law, which took effect on
September 1, 2021. The Data Security Law also sets forth the data security protection obligations for entities and individuals handling
personal data, including that no entity or individual may acquire such data by stealing or other illegal means, and the collection and
use of such data should not exceed the necessary limits The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, CSL and any other
cybersecurity and related laws may limit the use and adoption of our products and services and could have an adverse impact on our business.
Further, if the enacted version of the Measures for Cybersecurity Review mandates clearance of cybersecurity review and other specific
actions to be completed by companies like us, we face uncertainties as to whether such clearance can be timely obtained, or at all. 

We relied on the legal opinion
of Ravenscroft Schmierer, and has determined that we are not subject to the cybersecurity review by the CAC, given that: (i) we
do not possess a large amount of personal information in our business operations; and (ii) data processed in our business does not have
a bearing on national security and thus may not be classified as core or important data by the authorities. However, there remains uncertainty
as to how the Draft Measures will be interpreted or implemented and whether the PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, may adopt
new laws, regulations, rules, or detailed implementation and interpretation related to the Draft Measures. If any such new laws, regulations,
rules, or implementation and interpretation come into effect, we will take all reasonable measures and actions to comply and to minimize
the adverse effect of such laws on us. 

We cannot assure you that
PRC regulatory agencies, including the CAC, would take the same view as we do, and there is no assurance that we can fully or timely comply
with such laws. In the event that we are subject to any mandatory cybersecurity review and other specific actions required by the CAC,
we face uncertainty as to whether any clearance or other required actions can be timely completed, or at all. Given such uncertainty,
we may be further required to suspend or shut down our relevant business, or face other penalties, which could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Under the PRC enterprise
income tax law, we may be classified as a PRC resident enterprise , which could result in unfavorable tax consequences to
us and our shareholders and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the value of your investment. 

Under the PRC enterprise income
tax law that became effective on January 1, 2008, an enterprise established outside the PRC with de facto management bodies 
within the PRC is considered a resident enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes and is generally subject to a
uniform 25 enterprise income tax rate on its worldwide income. On April 22, 2009, the State Administration of Taxation, or the SAT, issued
the Notice Regarding the Determination of Chinese-Controlled Overseas Incorporated Enterprises as PRC Tax Resident Enterprise on the Basis
of De Facto Management Bodies, or SAT Circular 82, which provides certain specific criteria for determining whether the de facto
management body of a PRC-controlled enterprise that is incorporated offshore is located in China. Further to SAT Circular 82, on
August 3, 2011, the SAT issued the Administrative Measures of Enterprise Income Tax of Chinese-Controlled Offshore Incorporated Resident
Enterprises (Trial), or SAT Bulletin 45, which became effective on September 1, 2011, to provide more guidance on the implementation of
SAT Circular 82. 

24 

According to SAT Circular 82,
an offshore incorporated enterprise controlled by a PRC enterprise or a PRC enterprise group will be considered a PRC tax resident enterprise
by virtue of having its de facto management body in China and will be subject to PRC enterprise income tax on its worldwide
income only if all of the following conditions are met: (a) the senior management and core management departments in charge of its
daily operations function have their presence mainly in the PRC; (b) its financial and human resources decisions are subject to determination
or approval by persons or bodies in the PRC; (c) its major assets, accounting books, company seals, and minutes and files of its
board and shareholders meetings are located or kept in the PRC; and (d) not less than half of the enterprise s directors
or senior management with voting rights habitually reside in the PRC. SAT Bulletin 45 further clarifies the resident status determination,
post-determination administration as well as competent tax authorities. 

Although SAT Circular 82 and
SAT Bulletin 45 only apply to offshore incorporated enterprises controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise group instead of those
controlled by PRC individuals or foreigners, the determination criteria set forth therein may reflect SAT s general position on
how the term de facto management body could be applied in determining the tax resident status of offshore enterprises, regardless
of whether they are controlled by PRC enterprises, individuals or foreigners. 

We believe that none of our
entities outside of China is a PRC resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes even if the standards for de facto management body 
prescribed in the SAT Circular 82 are applicable to us. However, the tax resident status of an enterprise is subject to determination
by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term de facto management body. 
If the PRC tax authorities determine that we or any of our subsidiaries outside of China is a PRC resident enterprise for enterprise income
tax purposes, we may be subject to PRC enterprise income on our worldwide income at the rate of 25 , which could materially reduce our
net income. In addition, we will also be subject to PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations. 

Although dividends paid by
one PRC tax resident to another PRC tax resident should qualify as tax-exempt income under the enterprise income tax law,
we cannot assure you that dividends by our Hong Kong subsidiary to our British Virgin Islands holding company or Delaware holding company
will not be subject to a 10 withholding tax, as the PRC foreign exchange control authorities, which enforce the withholding tax on dividends,
and the PRC tax authorities have not yet issued guidance with respect to the processing of outbound remittances to entities that are treated
as resident enterprises for PRC enterprise income tax purposes. 

Non-PRC resident holders of
our common stock may also be subject to PRC withholding tax on dividends paid by us and PRC tax on gains realized on the sale or other
disposition of common stock, if such income is sourced from within the PRC. The tax would be imposed at the rate of 10 in the case of
non-PRC resident enterprise holders and 20 in the case of non-PRC resident individual holders. In the case of dividends, we would be
required to withhold the tax at source. Any PRC tax liability may be reduced under applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements. Although
our holding companies are incorporated in Delaware and the British Virgin Islands, it remains unclear whether dividends received and gains
realized by non-PRC resident holders of our common stock will be regarded as income from sources within the PRC if we are classified as
a PRC resident enterprise. Any such tax will reduce the returns on your investment in our common stock. 

We cannot assure you that the
PRC tax authorities will not, at their discretion, adjust any capital gains and impose tax return filing and withholding or tax payment
obligations with respect to any internal restructuring, and our Hong Kong subsidiary may be requested to assist in the filing. Any PRC
tax imposed on a transfer of our shares not through a public stock exchange, or any adjustment of such gains would cause us to incur additional
costs and may have a negative impact on the value of your investment in the company. 

25 

PRC regulation of loans
to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay or prevent
us from using the proceeds we receive from offshore financing activities to make loans to or make additional capital contributions to
our Hong Kong subsidiary, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand business. 

Any transfer of funds by us
to our Hong Kong subsidiaries, either as a shareholder loan or as an increase in registered capital, may become subject to approval by
or registration or filing with relevant governmental authorities in China. According to the relevant PRC regulations on foreign-invested
enterprises in China, capital contributions to PRC subsidiaries are subject to the approval of or filing with the Ministry of Commerce
in its local branches and registration with a local bank authorized by SAFE. It is unclear if Hong Kong subsidiaries will be deemed a
PRC subsidiary. If Hong Kong subsidiaries are deemed to be PRC subsidiaries, (i) any foreign loan procured by our Hong Kong subsidiaries
will be required to be registered with SAFE or its local branches or filed with SAFE in its information system; and (ii) our Hong
Kong subsidiaries will not be able to procure loans which exceed the difference between their total investment amount and registered capital
or, as an alternative, only procure loans subject to the calculation approach and limitation as provided in the People s Bank of
China Notice No. 9 PBOC Notice No. 9 ). We may not be able to obtain these government approvals or complete such
registrations on a timely basis, if at all, with respect to future capital contributions or foreign loans by us to our Hong Kong subsidiaries,
if required. If we fail to receive such approvals or complete such registration or filing, our ability to use the proceeds we receive
from our offshore financing activities and to capitalize our Hong Kong operations may be negatively affected, which could adversely affect
our liquidity and ability to fund and expand our business. There is, in effect, no statutory limit on the amount of capital contribution
that we can make to our Hong Kong subsidiaries. This is because there is no statutory limit on the amount of registered capital for our
Hong Kong subsidiaries, and we are allowed to make capital contributions to our Hong Kong subsidiaries by subscribing for their initial
registered capital and increased registered capital, provided that the Hong Kong subsidiaries complete the relevant filing and registration
procedures. 

The Circular on Reforming
the Administration of Foreign Exchange Settlement of Capital of Foreign-Invested Enterprises, or SAFE Circular 19, effective as of June 1,
2015, as amended by Circular of the SAFE on Reforming and Regulating Policies on the Control over Foreign Exchange Settlement under the
Capital Account, or SAFE Circular 16, effective on June 9, 2016, allows FIEs to settle their foreign exchange capital at their discretion,
but continues to prohibit FIEs from using the Renminbi fund converted from their foreign exchange capitals for expenditure beyond their
business scopes, and also prohibit FIEs from using such Renminbi fund to provide loans to persons other than affiliates unless otherwise
permitted under its business scope. If Safe Circulars 16 and 19 are interpreted to apply to the Hong Kong Dollar, our ability to use Hong
Kong Dollars converted from the net proceeds from our offshore financing activities to fund the establishment of new entities in Hong
Kong, to invest in or acquire any other Hong Kong or PRC companies may be limited, which may adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Because our holding
company structure creates restrictions on the payment of dividends or other cash payments, our ability to pay dividends or make other
cash payments is limited. 

We are a holding company whose
primary assets are our ownership of the equity interests in our subsidiaries. We conduct no other business and, as a result, we depend
entirely upon our subsidiaries earnings and cash flow. If we decide in the future to pay dividends or make other payments, as a holding
company, our ability to pay dividends and meet other obligations depends upon the receipt of dividends or other payments from our operating
subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries and projects may be restricted in their ability to pay dividends, make distributions or otherwise transfer
funds to us prior to the satisfaction of other obligations, including the payment of operating expenses or debt service, appropriation
to reserves prescribed by laws and regulations, covering losses in previous years, restrictions on the conversion of local currency into
U.S. dollars or other hard currency, completion of relevant procedures with governmental authorities or banks and other regulatory restrictions.
Under the applicable PRC laws and regulations, foreign-invested enterprises in China may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profits,
if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, a foreign-invested enterprise in China is
required to set aside a portion of its after-tax profit to fund specific reserve funds prior to payment of dividends. In particular, at
least 10 of its after-tax profits based on PRC accounting standards each year is required to be set aside towards its general reserves
until the accumulative amount of such reserves reach 50 of its registered capital. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends.
If future dividends are paid in RMB, fluctuations in the exchange rate for the conversion of any of these currencies into U.S. dollars
may adversely affect the amount received by U.S. stockholders upon conversion of the dividend payment into U.S. dollars. For a detailed
description of the potential government regulations facing the Company associated with our operations in Hong Kong, please refer to Government
and Industry Regulations China . We do not presently have any intention to declare or pay dividends in the future. You
should not purchase shares of our common stock in anticipation of receiving dividends in future periods. 

26 

If any dividend is declared
in the future and paid in a foreign currency, you may be taxed on a larger amount in U.S. dollars than the U.S. dollar amount that you
will actually ultimately receive. 

If you are a U.S. holder of
our shares of common stock, you will be taxed on the U.S. dollar value of your dividends, if any, at the time you receive them, even if
you actually receive a smaller amount of U.S. dollars when the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. Specifically, if a dividend
is declared and paid in a foreign currency such as the RMB, the amount of the dividend distribution that you must include in your income
as a U.S. holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the payments made in the foreign currency, determined at the spot rate of the foreign
currency to the U.S. dollar on the date the dividend distribution is includible in your income, regardless of whether the payment is in
fact converted into U.S. dollars. Thus, if the value of the foreign currency decreases before you actually convert the currency into U.S.
dollars, you will be taxed on a larger amount in U.S. dollars than the U.S. dollar amount that you will actually ultimately receive. 

Dividends payable to
our foreign investors and gains on the sale of our shares of common stock by our foreign investors may become subject to tax by the PRC. 

Under the Enterprise Income
Tax Law and its implementation regulations issued by the State Council of the PRC, unless otherwise provided under relevant tax treaties,
a 10 PRC withholding tax is applicable to dividends payable to investors that are non-resident enterprises, which do not have an establishment
or place of business in the PRC or which have such establishment or place of business but the dividends are not effectively connected
with such establishment or place of business, to the extent such dividends are derived from sources within the PRC. Similarly, any gain
realized on the transfer of shares by such investors is also subject to PRC tax at a current rate of 10 , subject to any reduction or
exemption set forth in relevant tax treaties, if such gain is regarded as income derived from sources within the PRC. If we are deemed
a PRC resident enterprise, dividends paid on our shares, and any gain realized from the transfer of our shares, would be treated as income
derived from sources within the PRC and would as a result be subject to PRC taxation. Furthermore, if we are deemed a PRC resident enterprise,
dividends payable to individual investors who are non-PRC residents and any gain realized on the transfer shares by such investors may
be subject to PRC tax at a current rate of 20 , subject to any reduction or exemption set forth in applicable tax treaties. It is unclear
whether we or any of our subsidiaries established outside of China are considered a PRC resident enterprise or whether holders of shares
would be able to claim the benefit of income tax treaties or agreements entered into between China and other countries or areas. If dividends
payable to our non-PRC investors, or gains from the transfer of our shares by such investors are subject to PRC tax, the value of your
investment in our shares may decline significantly. For a detailed description of the potential government regulations facing the Company
associated with our operations in Hong Kong, please refer to Government and Industry Regulations China . 

Our global income may
be subject to PRC taxes under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Under the PRC Enterprise Income
Tax Law, or the New EIT Law, and its amendment and implementation rules, which became effective in January 2008, an enterprise established
outside of the PRC with a de facto management body located within the PRC is considered a PRC resident enterprise and will
be subject to the enterprise income tax at the rate of 25 on its global income. The implementation rules define the term de facto
management bodies as establishments that carry out substantial and overall management and control over the manufacturing
and business operations, personnel and human resources, finance and treasury, and business combination and disposition of properties and
other assets of an enterprise. On April 22, 2009, the State Administration of Taxation (the SAT ), issued a circular,
or SAT Circular 82, which provides certain specific criteria for determining whether the de facto management body of a PRC-controlled
enterprise that is incorporated offshore is located in China. Although the SAT Circular 82 only applies to offshore enterprises controlled
by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise groups, not those controlled by PRC individuals or foreigners, the determining criteria set forth
in the SAT Circular 82 may reflect the SAT s general position on how the de facto management body text should be applied
in determining the resident status of all offshore enterprises for the purpose of PRC tax, regardless of whether they are controlled by
PRC enterprises or individuals. Although we do not believe that our legal entities organized outside of the PRC constitute PRC resident
enterprises, it is possible that the PRC tax authorities could reach a different conclusion. In such case, we may be considered a PRC
resident enterprise and may therefore be subject to the 25 enterprise income tax on our global income, which could significantly increase
our tax burden and materially and adversely affect our cash flow and profitability. In addition to the uncertainty regarding how the new
PRC resident enterprise classification for tax purposes may apply, it is also possible that the rules may change in the future, possibly
with retroactive effect. For a detailed description of the potential government regulations facing the Company associated with our operations
in Hong Kong, please refer to Government and Industry Regulations China . 

27 

We and our shareholders
face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies. 

We face uncertainties regarding
the reporting on and consequences of private equity financing transactions involving the transfer of shares in the Company by non-resident
investors. In February 2015, the SAT issued the Bulletin on Issues of Enterprise Income Tax on Indirect Transfers of Assets by Non-PRC
Resident Enterprises, or SAT Bulletin 7, as amended in 2017. Pursuant to this bulletin, an indirect transfer of assets,
including equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise, by non-PRC resident enterprises may be re-characterized and treated as a direct
transfer of PRC taxable assets, if such arrangement does not have a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the purpose
of avoiding payment of PRC enterprise income tax. As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise
income tax. According to SAT Bulletin 7, PRC taxable assets include assets attributed to an establishment in China, immovable
properties located in China, and equity investments in PRC resident enterprises, in respect of which gains from their transfer by a direct
holder, being a non-PRC resident enterprise, would be subject to PRC enterprise income taxes. When determining whether there is a reasonable
commercial purpose of the transaction arrangement, features to be taken into consideration include: whether the main value of the
equity interest of the relevant offshore enterprise derives from PRC taxable assets; whether the assets of the relevant offshore enterprise
mainly consist of direct or indirect investment in China or if its income mainly derives from China; whether the offshore enterprise and
its subsidiaries directly or indirectly holding PRC taxable assets have real commercial nature which is evidenced by their actual function
and risk exposure; the duration of existence of the business model and organizational structure; the replicability of the transaction
by direct transfer of PRC taxable assets; and the tax situation of such indirect transfer and applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements.
In respect of an indirect offshore transfer of assets of a PRC establishment, the resulting gain is to be included with the enterprise
income tax filing of the PRC establishment or place of business being transferred, and would consequently be subject to PRC enterprise
income tax at a rate of 25 . Where the underlying transfer relates to the immovable properties located in China or to equity investments
in a PRC resident enterprise, which is not related to a PRC establishment or place of business of a non-resident enterprise, a PRC enterprise
income tax of 10 would apply, subject to available preferential tax treatment under applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements,
and the party who is obligated to make the transfer payments has the withholding obligation. SAT Bulletin 7 does not apply to transactions
of sale of shares by investors through a public stock exchange where such shares were acquired from a transaction through a public stock
exchange. 

There is uncertainty as to
the application of SAT Bulletin 7. We face uncertainties as to the reporting and other implications of certain past and future transactions
where PRC taxable assets are involved, such as offshore restructuring, sale of the shares in our offshore subsidiaries or investments.
We may be subject to filing obligations or taxed if we are a transferor in such transactions, and may be subject to withholding obligations
if we are a transferee in such transactions under SAT Bulletin 7. For transfer of shares in us by investors that are non-PRC resident
enterprises, our Hong Kong subsidiary may be requested to assist in the filing under SAT Bulletin 7. As a result, we may be required to
expend valuable resources to comply with SAT Bulletin 7 or to request the relevant transferors from whom we purchase taxable assets to
comply with these circulars, or to establish that we should not be taxed under these circulars, which may have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations. 

The M A Rules and
certain other PRC regulations may make it more difficult for us to pursue growth through acquisitions. 

The Regulations on Mergers
and Acquisitions of Domestic Companies by Foreign Investors, or the M A Rules, adopted by six PRC regulatory agencies in 2006 and
amended in 2009, and some other regulations and rules concerning mergers and acquisitions established complex procedures and requirements
for acquisition of Chinese companies by foreign investors, including requirements in some instances that the Ministry of Commerce of the
PRC be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic
enterprise. Moreover, the Anti-Monopoly Law promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress, which became
effective in 2008, requires that transactions which are deemed concentrations and involve parties with specified turnover thresholds must
be cleared by the Ministry of Commerce before they can be completed. In addition, the security review rules issued by the Ministry of
Commerce and became effective in September 2011 specify that mergers and acquisitions by foreign investors that raise national
defense and security concerns and mergers and acquisitions through which foreign investors may acquire de facto control over domestic
enterprises that raise national security concerns are subject to strict review by the Ministry of Commerce, and the rules
prohibit any activities attempting to bypass a security review, including by structuring the transaction through a proxy or contractual
control arrangement. 

28 

In the future, we may pursue
potential strategic acquisitions that are complementary to our business and operations. Complying with the requirements of the above-mentioned
regulations and other rules to complete such transactions could be time-consuming, and any required approval processes, including obtaining
approval or clearance from the Ministry of Commerce, may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions, which could affect
our ability to expand our business or maintain our market share. Furthermore, according to the M A Rules, if a PRC entity or individual
plans to merger or acquire its related PRC entity through an overseas company legitimately incorporated or controlled by such entity or
individual, such a merger and acquisition will be subject to examination and approval by the Ministry of Commerce. The application and
interpretations of M A Rules are still uncertain, and there is possibility that the PRC regulators may promulgate new rules or
explanations requiring that we obtain approval of the Ministry of Commerce for our completed or ongoing mergers and acquisitions. There
is no assurance that we can obtain such approval from the Ministry of Commerce for our mergers and acquisitions, and if we fail to obtain
those approvals, we may be required to suspend our acquisition and be subject to penalties. Any uncertainties regarding such approval
requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and corporate structure. 

Furthermore, the M A Rules,
among other things, purport to require that an offshore special purpose vehicle controlled directly or indirectly by PRC domestic companies
or individuals and formed for purposes of overseas listing through acquisition of PRC domestic interests obtain the approval of the CSRC
prior to the listing and trading of such special purpose vehicle s securities on an overseas stock exchange. The CSRC has not issued
any definitive rules or interpretations concerning whether offerings such as this offering are subject to the CSRC approval procedures
under the M A Rules. Although we are of the position that we are not required to obtain approval from the CSRC under the M A Rules
for listing and trading of our securities after the consummation of the Business Combination, uncertainties still exist as to how the
M A Rules will be interpreted and implemented and the opinion stated above is subject to any new laws, rules and regulations or detailed
implementations and interpretations in any form relating to the M A Rules. 

PRC regulations relating
to offshore investment activities by PRC residents may limit our Hong Kong subsidiary s ability to increase their registered capital
or distribute profits to us or otherwise expose us to liability and penalties under PRC law. 

The State Administration of
Foreign Exchange SAFE promulgated the Circular on Relevant Issues Relating to PRC Resident s Investment and Financing
and Roundtrip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37, in July 2014 that requires PRC residents or entities
to register with SAFE or its local branch in connection with their establishment or control of an offshore entity established for the
purpose of overseas investment or financing. In addition, such PRC residents or entities must update their SAFE registrations when the
offshore special purpose vehicle undergoes material events relating to any change of basic information (including change of such PRC residents
or entities, name and operation term), increases or decreases in investment amount, transfers or exchanges of shares, or mergers or divisions. 

SAFE Circular 37 is issued
to replace the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Administration for PRC Residents Engaging in Financing and Roundtrip
Investments through Overseas Special Purpose Vehicles. If our shareholders who are PRC residents or entities do not complete their registration
with the local SAFE branches, our Hong Kong subsidiary may be prohibited from distributing their profits and proceeds from any reduction
in capital, share transfer or liquidation to us, and we may be restricted in our ability to contribute additional capital to our Hong
Kong subsidiary. Moreover, failure to comply with SAFE registration described above could result in liability under PRC laws for evasion
of applicable foreign exchange restrictions. 

However, we may not be informed
of the identities of all the PRC residents or entities holding direct or indirect interest in us, nor can we compel our shareholders to
comply with the requirements of SAFE Circular 37. As a result, we cannot assure you that all of our shareholders who are PRC residents
or entities have complied with, and will in the future make or obtain any applicable registrations or approvals required by, SAFE Circular
37. Failure by such shareholders to comply with SAFE Circular 37, or failure by us to amend the foreign exchange registrations of its
Hong Kong subsidiary, if applicable, could subject us to fines or legal sanctions, restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities,
limit our Hong Kong subsidiary s ability to make distributions or pay dividends to us or affect our ownership structure, which could
adversely affect our business and prospects. For a detailed description of the potential government regulations facing the Company and
the offering associated with our operations in Hong Kong, please refer to Government and Industry Regulations PRC Regulations
Relating to Foreign Exchange and Government and Industry Regulations PRC Regulations Relating to Dividend Distributions . 

29 

PRC regulation of loans
to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion may delay or prevent
us from using the proceeds we receive from offshore financing activities to make loans to or make additional capital contributions to
our Hong Kong subsidiary, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand business. 

Any transfer of funds by us
to our Hong Kong subsidiary, either as a shareholder loan or as an increase in registered capital, may become subject to approval by or
registration or filing with relevant governmental authorities in China. According to the relevant PRC regulations on foreign-invested
enterprises in China, capital contributions to PRC subsidiaries are subject to the approval of or filing with the Ministry of Commerce
in its local branches and registration with a local bank authorized by SAFE. It is unclear if Hong Kong subsidiaries will be deemed a
PRC subsidiary. If Hong Kong subsidiaries are deemed to be PRC subsidiaries, (i) any foreign loan procured by our Hong Kong subsidiary
will be required to be registered with SAFE or its local branches or filed with SAFE in its information system; and (ii) our Hong
Kong subsidiary will not be able to procure loans which exceed the difference between their total investment amount and registered capital
or, as an alternative, only procure loans subject to the calculation approach and limitation as provided in the People s Bank of
China Notice No. 9 PBOC Notice No. 9 ). We may not be able to obtain these government approvals or complete such
registrations on a timely basis, if at all, with respect to future capital contributions or foreign loans by us to our Hong Kong subsidiary,
if required. If we fail to receive such approvals or complete such registration or filing, our ability to use the proceeds we receive
from our offshore financing activities and to capitalize our Hong Kong operations may be negatively affected, which could adversely affect
our liquidity and ability to fund and expand our business. There is, in effect, no statutory limit on the amount of capital contribution
that we can make to our Hong Kong subsidiary. This is because there is no statutory limit on the amount of registered capital for our
Hong Kong subsidiary, and we are allowed to make capital contributions to our Hong Kong subsidiary by subscribing for their initial registered
capital and increased registered capital, provided that the Hong Kong subsidiary complete the relevant filing and registration procedures. 

The Circular on Reforming
the Administration of Foreign Exchange Settlement of Capital of Foreign-Invested Enterprises, or SAFE Circular 19, effective as of June 1,
2015, as amended by Circular of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming and Regulating Policies on the Control over
Foreign Exchange Settlement under the Capital Account, or SAFE Circular 16, effective on June 9, 2016, allows FIEs to settle their
foreign exchange capital at their discretion, but continues to prohibit FIEs from using the Renminbi fund converted from their foreign
exchange capitals for expenditure beyond their business scopes, and also prohibit FIEs from using such Renminbi fund to provide loans
to persons other than affiliates unless otherwise permitted under its business scope. If Safe Circulars 16 and 19 are interpreted to apply
to the Hong Kong Dollar, our ability to use Hong Kong Dollars converted from the net proceeds from our offshore financing activities to
fund the establishment of new entities in Hong Kong, to invest in or acquire any other Hong Kong or PRC companies may be limited, which
may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our Hong Kong subsidiary
may be subject to restrictions on paying dividends or making other payments to us, which may restrict its ability to satisfy liquidity
requirements, conduct business and pay dividends to holders of our common stock. 

We are a holding company incorporated
in Delaware with our operating subsidiary located in Hong Kong. Accordingly, most of our cash is maintained in Hong Kong Dollars. We rely
on dividends from our Hong Kong subsidiary for our cash and financing requirements, such as the funds necessary to service any debt we
may incur. There is a possibility that the PRC could prevent our cash maintained in Hong Kong from leaving or the PRC could restrict the
deployment of the cash into our business or for the payment of dividends. Any such controls or restrictions may adversely affect our ability
to finance our cash requirements, service debt or make dividend or other distributions to our shareholders. Current PRC regulations permit
PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to foreign parent companies only out of their accumulated after-tax profits upon satisfaction of relevant
statutory condition and procedures, if any, determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, PRC
subsidiaries are required to set aside at least 10 of their accumulated profits each year, if any, to fund certain reserve funds until
the total amount set aside reaches 50 of its registered capital. Furthermore, if PRC subsidiaries and their subsidiaries incur debt on
their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other payments
to the foreign parent company, which may restrict the ability of the foreign parent company to satisfy its liquidity requirements. If
such restrictions on dividend and other payments are interpreted to apply to Hong Kong entities, our ability to rely on payments from
our Hong Kong subsidiary will be adversely affected. 

30 

In addition, the Enterprise
Income Tax Law of the PRC, or the PRC EIT Law, and its implementation rules provide that withholding tax rate of 10 will be applicable
to dividends payable by Chinese companies to non-PRC-resident enterprises unless otherwise exempted or reduced according to treaties or
arrangements between the PRC central government and governments of other countries or regions where the non-PRC-resident enterprises are
incorporated. For a detailed description of the potential government regulations facing the Company and the offering associated with our
operations in Hong Kong, please refer to Government and Industry Regulations PRC Regulations Relating to Foreign Exchange 
and Government and Industry Regulations PRC Regulations Relating to Dividend Distributions . 

Governmental control
of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize revenues effectively and affect the value of your investment. 

The PRC government imposes
controls on the convertibility of the Renminbi into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China.
Approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities is required where Renminbi is to be converted into foreign currency
and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. In light of the flood
of capital outflows of China in 2016 due to the weakening Renminbi, the PRC government has imposed more restrictive foreign exchange policies
and stepped up scrutiny of major outbound capital movement including overseas direct investment. More restrictions and substantial vetting
process are put in place by SAFE to regulate cross-border transactions falling under the capital account. If any of our shareholders regulated
by such policies fail to satisfy the applicable overseas direct investment filing or approval requirement timely or at all, it may be
subject to penalties from the relevant PRC authorities. The PRC government may at its discretion further restrict access in the future
to foreign currencies for current account transactions. 

We receive substantially all
of our revenues in Hong Kong Dollars. Under our current corporate structure, our Delaware holding company may rely on dividend payments
from our Hong Kong subsidiary to fund any cash and financing requirements that we may have. If the PRC government expands its currency
controls to include the Hong Kong Dollar, we will be required to obtain SAFE approval to use cash generated from the operations of our
Hong Kong subsidiary and consolidated affiliated entities to pay off their respective debt in a currency other than Hong Kong Dollar or
Renminbi owed to entities outside China, or to make other capital expenditure payments outside China in a currency other than Renminbi
or the Hong Kong Dollar. We may be prevented from obtaining sufficient foreign currencies to satisfy our foreign currency demands. As
a result, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to its shareholders. For a detailed description of the potential government
regulations facing the Company and the offering associated with our operations in Hong Kong, please refer to Government and
Industry Regulations PRC Regulations Relating to Foreign Exchange and Government and Industry Regulations 
PRC Regulations Relating to Dividend Distributions . 

Failure to comply with
PRC regulations regarding the registration requirements for employee stock ownership plans or share option plans may subject the PRC plan
participants or us to fines and other legal or administrative sanctions. 

Pursuant to SAFE Circular
37, PRC residents who participate in share incentive plans in overseas non-publicly-listed companies may submit applications to SAFE or
its local branches for the foreign exchange registration with respect to offshore special purpose companies. In the meantime, our directors,
executive officers and other employees who are PRC citizens or who are non-PRC residents residing in the PRC for a continuous period of
not less than one year, subject to limited exceptions, and who have been granted incentive share awards by us, may follow the Notices
on Issues Concerning the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating in Stock Incentive Plan of Overseas Publicly-Listed
Company, or 2012 SAFE notices, promulgated by the SAFE in 2012. Pursuant to the 2012 SAFE notices, PRC citizens and non-PRC citizens who
reside in China for a continuous period of not less than one year who participate in any stock incentive plan of an overseas publicly
listed company, subject to a few exceptions, are required to register with SAFE through a domestic qualified agent, which could be the
PRC subsidiaries of such overseas listed company, and complete certain other procedures. In addition, an overseas entrusted institution
must be retained to handle matters in connection with the exercise or sale of stock options and the purchase or sale of shares and interests.
Our executive officers and other employees who are PRC citizens or who reside in the PRC for a continuous period of not less than one
year and who have been granted options will be subject to these regulations. It is unclear if these regulations will be expanded to include
Hong Kong residents or citizens. Failure to complete the SAFE registrations may subject them to fines, and legal sanctions and may also
limit our ability to contribute additional capital into our Hong Kong subsidiary and limit our Hong Kong subsidiary s ability to
distribute dividends to us if Hong Kong residents or citizens are covered under these PRC regulations. We also face regulatory uncertainties
that could restrict our ability to adopt additional incentive plans for our directors, executive officers and employees under PRC law. 

31 

The SAT has issued certain
circulars concerning employee share options and restricted shares. Under these circulars, employees working in China who exercise share
options or are granted restricted shares will be subject to PRC individual income tax. It is unclear whether these regulations will be
expanded in the future to cover our employees in Hong Kong. Our Hong Kong subsidiary may become obligated to file documents related to
employee share options or restricted shares with relevant tax authorities and to withhold individual income taxes of those employees who
exercise their share options. If our employees fail to pay or we fail to withhold their income taxes according to relevant laws and regulations,
we may face sanctions imposed by the tax authorities or other PRC governmental authorities. 

If we become directly
subject to the recent scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity involving U.S.-listed Chinese companies, we may have to expend significant
resources to investigate and resolve the matter which could harm our business operations, stock price and reputation and could result
in a loss of your investment in our stock, especially if such matter cannot be addressed and resolved favorably. 

Recently, U.S. public companies
that have substantially all of their operations in Hong Kong and China have been the subject of intense scrutiny, criticism and negative
publicity by investors, financial commentators and regulatory agencies, such as the SEC. Much of the scrutiny, criticism and negative
publicity has centered around the effects of US-China governmental policies and political climate, financial and accounting irregularities
and mistakes, a lack of effective internal controls over financial accounting, inadequate corporate governance policies or a lack of adherence
thereto and, in many cases, allegations of fraud. As a result of the scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity, the publicly traded stock
of many U.S. listed Chinese companies has sharply decreased in value and, in some cases, has become virtually worthless. Many of these
companies are now subject to shareholder lawsuits and SEC enforcement actions, and are conducting internal and external investigations
into the allegations. It is not clear what effect this sector-wide scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity will have on our Company,
our business and our stock price. If we become the subject of any unfavorable allegations, whether such allegations are proven to be true
or untrue, we will have to expend significant resources to investigate such allegations and/or defend our company. This situation will
be costly and time consuming and distract our management from growing our company. If such allegations are not proven to be groundless,
our company and business operations will be severely negatively affected and your investment in our stock could be rendered worthless. 

Investors may experience
difficulties in effecting service of legal process, enforcing foreign judgments or bringing original actions in Hong Kong based upon U.S.
laws, including the federal securities laws or other foreign laws against us or our management. 

All of our current operations
are conducted in Hong Kong. Moreover, most of our current directors and officers are nationals or residents of Hong Kong. All or a substantial
portion of the assets of these persons are located outside the United States and in the Hong Kong. As a result, it may not be possible
to effect service of process within the United States or elsewhere outside Hong Kong upon these persons. In addition, uncertainty exists
as to whether the courts of Hong Kong would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or such officers and/or
directors predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state thereof, or be competent
to hear original actions brought in Hong Kong against us or such persons predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any
state thereof. 

Risks Related to Our Finances and Capital Requirements 

We will need additional
funding and may be unable to raise capital when needed, which would force us to delay any business expansions or acquisitions. 

Our business plan contemplates
the expansion of our operations through organic means and through acquisitions or investments in additional complementary businesses,
products and technologies. While we currently have no commitments or agreements relating to any of these types of transactions, we do
not generate sufficient revenue from operations to finance expansion or acquisition needs. We expect to finance such future cash needs
through public or private equity offerings, debt financings or corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements, as well as through
interest income earned on cash and investment balances. We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms,
or at all. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate one or more of our development
programs or our commercialization efforts. 

32 

Raising additional capital
may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish proprietary rights. 

Until such time, if ever,
as we can generate substantial revenue, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings,
grants and license and development agreements in connection with any collaborations. To the extent that we raise additional capital through
the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, your ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include
liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect your rights as a stockholder. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if
available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring
additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. 

If we raise additional funds
through collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish
valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may
not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required to
delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market product
candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 

Risks Relating to Securities Markets and Investment
in Our Stock 

There is presently none
and there may not ever be an active market for our Common Stock. There are restrictions on the transferability of these securities. 

There currently is no market
for our Common Stock and, except as otherwise described herein, we have no plans to file any registration statement or otherwise attempt
to create a market for the shares. Even if an active market develops for the shares, Rule 144, which provides for an exemption from the
registration requirements under the Securities Act under certain conditions, requires, among other conditions, a holding period prior
to the resale (in limited amounts) of securities acquired in a non-public offering without having to satisfy the registration requirements
under the Securities Act. There can be no assurance that we will fulfill any reporting requirements in the future under the Exchange Act
or disseminate to the public any current financial or other information concerning us, as is required by Rule 144 as part of the conditions
of its availability. 

Our common stock is
subject to the penny stock rules of the sec and the trading market in our securities is limited, which makes transactions
in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock . 

Under U.S. federal securities
legislation, our common stock will constitute penny stock . Penny stock is any equity security that has a market price of less
than 5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require that
a broker or dealer approve a potential investor's account for transactions in penny stocks, and the broker or dealer receive from the
investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order
to approve an investor's account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must obtain financial information and investment
experience objectives of the person, and make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person
and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny
stocks. The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared by the Commission
relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination.
Brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more
difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. Disclosure also has to be
made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions payable
to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available
to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information
for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

33 

Our insiders beneficially
own a significant portion of our stock, and accordingly, may have control over stockholder matters, our business and management . 

As of the date of this report,
Fu Wah, our Chief Executive officer and director, and Silver Bloom Properties Limited, our major stockholder, collectively beneficially
own 2,835,820,896 shares of our common stock, or approximately 51.71 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock.
As a result, our management team will have significant influence to: 

Elect or defeat the election of our directors; 

Amend or prevent amendment of our articles of incorporation or bylaws; 

effect or prevent a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction; and 

affect the outcome of any other matter submitted to the stockholders for vote. 

Moreover, because of the significant ownership
position held by our management team, new investors may not be able to effect a change in our business or management, and therefore, shareholders
would have no recourse as a result of decisions made by management. In addition, sales of significant amounts of shares held by our management
team, or the prospect of these sales, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Our management team s stock ownership
may discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us, which in turn could reduce
our stock price or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over our stock price. 

State securities laws
may limit secondary trading, which may restrict the states in which and conditions under which you can sell the shares offered by this
registration statement. 

Secondary trading in common
stock sold in this offering will not be possible in any state until the common stock is qualified for sale under the applicable securities
laws of the state or there is confirmation that an exemption, such as listing in certain recognized securities manuals, is available for
secondary trading in the state. If we fail to register or qualify, or to obtain or verify an exemption for the secondary trading of, the
common stock in any particular state, the common stock could not be offered or sold to, or purchased by, a resident of that state. In
the event that a significant number of states refuse to permit secondary trading in our common stock, the liquidity for the common stock
could be significantly impacted thus causing you to realize a loss on your investment. 

The Company does not intend
to seek registration or qualification of its shares of common stock the subject of this offering in any State or territory of the United
States. Aside from a secondary trading exemption, other exemptions under state law and the laws of US territories may be
available to purchasers of the shares of common stock sold in this offering. 

Anti-takeover effects
of certain provisions of Delaware state law hinder a potential takeover of our company. 

Though not now, in the future
we may become subject to Delaware s business combination law which prohibits certain business combinations between Delaware corporations
and interested stockholders for three years after the interested stockholder first becomes an interested
stockholder, unless the corporation's board of directors approves the combination in advance. For purposes of Delaware law, an interested
stockholder is any person who is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of fifteen percent or more of the voting power of
the outstanding voting shares of the corporation. A corporation is subject to Delaware s business combination law if it has more
than 2000 stockholders or has its securities listed on a national securities exchange. The effect of Delaware s business combination
law is to potentially discourage parties interested in taking control of our company from doing so if it cannot obtain the approval of
our board of directors. 

34 

Because we do not intend
to pay any cash dividends on our common stock, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they sell
them. 

We intend to retain any future
earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock
in the foreseeable future. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless they
sell them. Stockholders may never be able to sell shares when desired. Before you invest in our securities, you should be aware that there
are various risks. You should consider carefully these risk factors, together with all of the other information included in this annual
report before you decide to purchase our securities. If any of the following risks and uncertainties develop into actual events, our business,
financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

Our stock may be subject
to substantial price and volume fluctuations due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control and may prevent our stockholders
from reselling our Common Stock at a profit. 

We currently provide
solutions for other companies who are in the fields of developing high power, high voltage power supply and wireless charging technologies. 

The market prices for our
securities companies may be volatile and may fluctuate substantially due to many factors, including: 

market conditions in the wireless charging and smart power supply sectors or the economy as a whole; 

price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market; 

announcements of the introduction of new products and services by us or our competitors; 

actual fluctuations in our quarterly operating results, and concerns by investors that such fluctuations may occur in the future; 

deviations in our operating results from the estimates of securities analysts or other analyst comments; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

legislation, including measures affecting e-commerce or infrastructure development; and 

developments concerning current or future strategic collaborations 

ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff
Comments . 

None. 

ITEM 2. Properties . 

Our corporate and executive
office is located at Unit 1813, 18/F, Fo Tan Industrial Centre, 26-28 Au Pui Wan Street, Fo Tan, Hong Kong, telephone number +852 3585
8905. We are parties to commit with office rental agreement at a monthly rate of 3,469, in a term of 24 months. 

We believe that our current
facilities are adequate for our current needs. We expect to secure new facilities or expand existing facilities as necessary to support
future growth. We believe that suitable additional space will be available on commercially reasonable terms as needed to accommodate our
operations. 

ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings .

There are no material pending
legal proceedings to which we or our subsidiaries are a party or to which any of our or their property is subject, nor are there any such
proceedings known to be contemplated by governmental authorities. None of our directors, officers, affiliates or any owner of record or
beneficially of more than 5 of our common stock, or any associate of any of the foregoing, is involved in a proceeding adverse to our
business or has a material interest adverse to our business. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES . 

Not applicable. 

35 

PART II 

ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities . 

(a) Market Information 

Shares of our common stock
are quoted on the OTC Pink under the symbol KRFG . As of July 12, 2023, the last closing price of our securities was 0.0010. 

The following table sets forth,
for the fiscal quarters indicated, the high and low bid information for our common stock, as reported on the Pink Sheets. The following
quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

Quarterly period 
 High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal year ended March 31, 2023: 

Fourth Quarter 
 0.0007 
 0.0003 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.0010 
 0.0004 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.0017 
 0.0009 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.0047 
 0.0008 

Fiscal year ended March 31, 2022: 

Fourth Quarter 
 0.0077 
 0.00135 
 
 Third Quarter 
 0.0190 
 0.0042 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.0345 
 0.0101 
 
 First Quarter 
 0.0169 
 0.0003 

(b) Approximate Number of Holders of Common Stock 

As of July 12, 2023, there
were approximately 1,011 shareholders of record of our common stock. Such number does not include any shareholders holding shares in nominee
or street name . 

(c) Dividends 

Holders of our common stock
are entitled to receive such dividends as may be declared by our board of directors. We paid no dividends during the years reported herein,
nor do we anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

(d) Equity Compensation Plan Information 

None. 

(e) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

36 

ITEM 6. RESERVED . 

ITEM 7. Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

This discussion summarizes
the significant factors affecting the operating results, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows of the Company and its subsidiary
for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. The discussion and analysis that follows should be read together with the section
entitled Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements and our consolidated financial statements and the notes to
the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

Except for historical information,
the matters discussed in this section are forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties and are based upon judgments
concerning various factors that are beyond the Company s control. Consequently, and because forward-looking statements are inherently
subject to risks and uncertainties, the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the
forward-looking statements. You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report. 

Currency and exchange
rate 

Unless otherwise noted,
all currency figures quoted as U.S. dollars , dollars or US refer to the legal currency of the
United States. References to Hong Kong Dollar are to the Hong Kong Dollar, the legal currency of the Hong Kong Special Administrative
Region of the People s Republic of China. Throughout this report, assets and liabilities of the Company s subsidiaries are
translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rate on the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing
during the period. The gains and losses resulting from translation of financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are recorded as a separate
component of accumulated other comprehensive income within the statement of stockholders equity. 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Statements in the following
discussion and throughout this registration statement that are not historical in nature are forward-looking statements. 
You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as expect, anticipate, estimate, 
 may, will, should, intend, believe, and similar expressions. Although
we believe the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, such statements are inherently subject to risk
and we can give no assurances that our expectations will prove to be correct. Actual results could differ from those described in this
registration statement because of numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, without limitation, those
described under Item 1A Risk Factors. We undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect
events or circumstances after the date of this registration statement or to reflect actual outcomes. Please see Forward Looking
Statements at the beginning of this report. 

The following discussion
of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our combined and consolidated financial statements
and the related notes thereto and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this report . 

Overview 

King Resources, Inc. is a
holding company, through its subsidiaries, engaged primarily in Hong Kong. 

We are not required to obtain
permission from the Chinese authorities to operate or to issue securities to foreign investors. 

37 

We are currently at the market
introduction phase as we are preparing to launch our first batch of smart chargers to the market. For the years ended March 31, 2023 and
2022, we reported a net loss of 1,315,508 and 60,166, respectively. As of March 31, 2023, we had current assets of 541,460 and
current liabilities of 2,722,831. As of March 31, 2022, we had current assets of 91,269 and current liabilities of 1,887,152. 

Our financial statements for
the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. Our continuation as a going
concern is dependent upon improving our profitability and the continuing financial support from our stockholders. Our sources of capital
in the past have included the sale of equity securities, which include common stock sold in private transactions and public offerings,
capital leases and short-term and long-term debts. 

We operate through our wholly-owned
subsidiaries Powertech Corporation Limited and OneSolution Innotech Limited, limited liability companies organized under
the laws of Hong Kong. We currently provide solutions for other companies who are in the fields of developing high power, high voltage
power supply and wireless charging technologies. We are currently preparing trial sales of our 65W AC-DC Type C PD chargers, USB-C multiport
hub, USB-C mini hub, 65W power bank with 30,000mAh and other accessories through our online store. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the fiscal years ended March
31, 2023 and 2022 

The following table sets forth
certain operational data for the years indicated: 

Fiscal Years Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenue, net 
 198,816 
 385,406 
 
 Cost of revenue 
 (70,275 
 (68,046 
 
 Gross profit 
 128,541 
 317,360 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Research and development expenses 
 (259,502 
 (59,385 
 
 Sales and marketing expenses 
 (355,920 
 (915 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 (529,578 
 (317,226 
 
 Loss from operation 
 (1,016,459 
 (60,166 
 
 Other expense, net 
 (299,049 

Loss before income taxes 
 (1,315,508 
 (60,166 
 
 Income tax expense 

Net loss 
 (1,315,508 
 (60,166 

Revenue 

During the year ended March
31, 2023, the following customers accounted for 10 or more of our total net revenues: 

Year ended March 31, 2023 

March 31, 2023 

Customer 
 
 Revenues 

Percentage 
of revenues 

Accounts 
receivable 

Mirum Digital Media Limited 

159,471 

80 

38 

During the year ended March
31, 2022, the following customers accounted for 10 or more of our total net revenues: 

Year ended March 31, 2022 

March 31, 2022 

Customer 
 
 Revenues 

Percentage 
of revenues 

Accounts 
receivable 

TLD Optoelectronic Technology Limited 

385,406 

100 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost of revenue for the years
ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, was 70,275 and 68,046, respectively. The increase was primarily attributable to a increase in the labor
cost from our research and development department. 

Gross Profit 

We achieved a gross profit
of 128,541 and 317,360 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The decrease in gross profit was attributable to a
decrease in revenue from our research businesses which contributes a higher margin. 

Research and Development Expenses R D 

Research and development expenses
was 259,502 and 59,385 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in expenses was primarily attributable
to the increase in consulting fee associated with R D for products which are still in the development phase. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses
was 355,920 and 915 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in expenses was primarily attributable to
the increase in consulting fee associate with the online business and electrical appliances shops, and increase in public
relation and promotional expenses. 

General and Administrative Expenses G A 

General and administrative
expenses was 529,578 and 317,226 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. These expenses primarily include personnel
related expenses, as well as costs incurred on other professional fees incurred in connection with general operations of the Company.
The G A expenses increased by approximately 212,352 in the year ended March 31, 2023 from 317,226 in the year of 2022. The increase
was primarily attributable to the increase in professional fees and salaries. 

Income Tax Expense 

No income tax expense incurred
during the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Net loss 

As a result of the above,
we reported net loss of 1,315,508 for the year ended March 31, 2023, as compared to 60,166 for the year ended March 31 ,2022, an increase
was mainly attributable to the developing in wireless charging project, online business and electrical appliances shops, which expect
to led to revenue growth in the business operation in continuous years. 

39 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The following table summarizes
the key components of our cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Years ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (180,808 
 86,113 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (2,216 
 (8,087 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activity 
 165,549 
 (103,654 

Net Cash (Used In) Provided By Operating Activities 

For the year ended March
31, 2023, net cash used in operating activities was 180,808, which consisted primarily of a net loss of 1,315,508, an increase in
deposits, prepayments and other receivables of 56,183, and increase in accounts receivable of 19,078, and a decrease of lease
liabilities of 41,335, offset by an decrease in inventories of 17,617, an increase in accrued liabilities and other payables of
 85,820, an increase in advance received from a customer Mirum Digital Media Limited of 289,369, and an increase in accrued
consulting and service fee of 300,000, plus non-cash items such as, depreciation of 41,621, amortization of 4,490, non-cash lease
expenses of 2,678, amortization of deferred financing expenses of 309,701 and share issued for services rendered of 200,000. 

For the year ended March 31,
2022, net cash provided by operating activities was 86,113, which consisted primarily of a net loss of 60,166, an increase in inventories
of 9,252, an increase in deposits, prepayments and other receivables of 41,144, and a decrease of lease liabilities of 39,871, offset
by a decrease in accounts receivable, related party of 38,541, an increase in accrued liabilities and other payables of 153,643, plus
non-cash items such as, depreciation of 38,685, amortization of 4,308 and non-cash lease expenses of 1,369. 

We expect to continue to rely
on cash generated through financing from our existing shareholders and private placements of our securities to finance our operations
and future acquisitions. 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 

For the year ended March 31,
2023, net cash used in investing activities was 2,216, which consisted of purchase of property and equipment. 

For the year ended March 31,
2022, net cash used in investing activities was 8,087, which consisted of purchase of property and equipment of 5,536 and addition of
intangible assets of 2,551. 

Net Cash Provided by (Used In) Financing Activity 

For the year ended March 31,
2023, net cash provided by financing activity was 165,549, which consisted of advances from related parties. 

For the year ended March 31,
2022, net cash used in financing activity was 103,654, which consisted of repayment to related parties. 

Working Capital 

As of March 31, 2023, we had
cash and cash equivalents of 4,911, accounts receivable of 19,078, deferred financing expenses of 402,500, deposits, prepayments
and other receivables of 114,971. 

40 

As of March 31, 2022, we had
cash and cash equivalents of 14,864, inventories of 17,617, deposits, prepayments and other receivables of 58,788. 

As of March 31, 2023 and 2022,
we had working capital deficit of 2,181,371 and 1,795,883, respectively. 

We expect to incur significantly
greater expenses in the near future as we expand our business or enter into strategic partnerships. We also expect our technology and
development, sales and marketing expenses to increase as we enhance our e-commerce platform and spend more efforts in building up customers
and communities and incur additional costs in investors and partnerships relationship for long-term corporate development. 

During the year, we did not
pay dividends on our Common Stock. Our present policy is to apply cash to investments in product development, acquisitions or expansion;
consequently, we do not expect to pay dividends on Common Stock in the foreseeable future. 

Going Concern 

Our continuation as a going
concern is dependent upon improving our profitability and the continuing financial support from our stockholders. Our sources of capital
may include the sale of equity securities, which include common stock sold in private transactions, capital leases and short-term and
long-term debts. While we believe that we will obtain external financing and the existing shareholders will continue to provide the additional
cash to meet our obligations as they become due, there can be no assurance that we will be able to raise such additional capital resources
on satisfactory terms. We believe that our current cash and other sources of liquidity discussed below are adequate to support operations
for at least the next 12 months. 

We
require additional funding to meet its ongoing obligations and to fund anticipated operating losses. Our auditor has expressed substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on raising capital to
fund its initial business plan and ultimately to attain profitable operations. These consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that may result
in the Company not being able to continue as a going concern. 

We
expect to incur production, marketing and professional and administrative expenses as well expenses associated with maintaining our filings
with the Commission. We will require additional funds during this time and will seek to raise the necessary additional capital. If we
are unable to obtain additional financing, we may be required to reduce the scope of our business development activities, which could
harm our business plans, financial condition and operating results. Additional funding may not be available on favorable terms, if at
all. We intend to continue to fund its business by way of equity or debt financing and advances from related parties. Any inability to
raise capital as needed would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If
we cannot raise additional funds, we will have to cease business operations. As a result, our common stock investors would lose all of
their investment. 

Material Cash Requirements

We have not achieved profitability
since our inception, and we expect to continue to incur net losses for the foreseeable future. We expect net cash expended in 2024 to
be significantly higher than 2023. As of March 31, 2023, we had an accumulated deficit of 7,884,001. Our material cash requirements are
highly dependent upon the additional financial support from our major shareholders in the next 12 - 18 months and up to 20,000,000 investment
from Williamsburg Venture Holdings, LLC in the next 2 3 years. 

41 

We had the following contractual
obligations and commercial commitments as of March 31, 2023: 

Contractual Obligations 
 Total 
 Less than 1 year 
 1-3 Years 
 3-5 Years 
 More than 5 Years 

Amounts due to related parties 
 1,848,612 
 1,848,612 

Tax obligation 

Operating lease liability 
 33,638 
 33,638 

Other contractual liabilities (1) 
 840,581 
 840,581 

Commercial commitments 

Bank loan repayment 

Total obligations 
 2,722,831 
 2,722,831 

(1) Includes all obligations included in Accrued
liabilities and other payables and Accrued consulting and service fee in current liabilities in the Consolidated
Balance Sheet that are contractually fixed as to timing and amount. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We are not party to any off-balance
sheet transactions. We have no guarantees or obligations other than those which arise out of normal business operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires our management to make
assumptions, estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported, including the notes thereto, and related disclosures of commitments
and contingencies, if any. We have identified certain accounting policies that are significant to the preparation of our consolidated
financial statements. These accounting policies are important for an understanding of our financial condition and results of operations.
Critical accounting policies are those that are most important to the presentation of our financial condition and results of operations
and require management's subjective or complex judgment, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that
are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. Certain accounting estimates are particularly sensitive because of their
significance to consolidated financial statements and because of the possibility that future events affecting the estimate may differ
significantly from management's current judgments. We believe the following accounting policies are critical in the preparation of our
consolidated financial statements. 

Basis of presentation 

These accompanying consolidated
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America US
GAAP ). 

Use of estimates and assumptions 

In preparing these consolidated
financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities in the balance
sheet and revenues and expenses during the years reported. Actual results may differ from these estimates. If actual results significantly
differ from the Company s estimates, the Company s financial condition and results of operations could be materially impacted.
Significant estimates in the year include the valuation and useful lives of intangible assets and deferred tax valuation allowance. 

42 

Basis of consolidation 

The consolidated financial
statements include the accounts of KRFG and its subsidiaries. All significant inter-company balances and transactions within the Company
have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

Segment reporting 

ASC Topic 280, Segment
Reporting establishes standards for reporting information about operating segments on a basis consistent with the Company s
internal organization structure as well as information about geographical areas, business segments and major customers in consolidated
financial statements. For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company operates in one reportable operating segment in Hong Kong. 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents
are carried at cost and represent cash on hand, demand deposits placed with banks or other financial institutions and all highly liquid
investments with an original maturity of three months or less as of the purchase date of such investments. 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts receivable are recorded
at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest, which are due within contractual payment terms, generally 30 to 90 days from completion
of service. Credit is extended based on evaluation of a customer's financial condition, the customer credit-worthiness and their payment
history. Accounts receivable outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms are considered past due. Past due balances over 90
days and over a specified amount are reviewed individually for collectibility. At the end of fiscal year, the Company specifically evaluates
individual customer s financial condition, credit history, and the current economic conditions to monitor the progress of the collection
of accounts receivables. The Company will consider the allowance for doubtful accounts for any estimated losses resulting from the inability
of its customers to make required payments. For the receivables that are past due or not being paid according to payment terms, the appropriate
actions are taken to exhaust all means of collection, including seeking legal resolution in a court of law. Account balances are charged
off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company
does not have any off-balance-sheet credit exposure related to its customers. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, there was no allowance for
doubtful accounts. 

Inventories 

Inventories are stated at
the lower of cost or market value (net realizable value), cost being determined on a first-in-first-out method. Costs include material
costs. The Company provides inventory allowances based on excess and obsolete inventories determined principally by customer demand. As
of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company did not record an allowance for obsolete inventories, nor have there been any write-offs. 

Intangible assets 

Intangible assets consist
of trademarks and trade names. The intangible assets are stated at the purchase cost and are amortized based on their economic benefits
expected to be realized and assessed for impairment annually. There was no impairment of intangible assets identified for the years ended
March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

43 

Property and equipment 

Property and equipment are
stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses, if any. Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line
basis over the following expected useful lives from the date on which they become fully operational and after taking into account their
estimated residual values: 

Expected useful lives 
 
 Office equipment 
 
 3 years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 
 3 years 
 
 Computer equipment 
 
 3 years 

Expenditures for repair and
maintenance are expensed as incurred. When assets have been retired or sold, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed
from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in the results of operations. 

Website development costs 

The Company accounts for its
website development costs in accordance with ASC 350-50, Website Development Costs . These costs, if any, are included in intangible
assets in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Upgrades or enhancements that add functionality are capitalized while other
costs during the operating stage are expensed as incurred. The Company amortizes the capitalized website development costs over an estimated
useful life of five years. 

Impairment of long-lived assets 

In accordance with the provisions
of ASC Topic 360, Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets , all long-lived assets such as property and equipment owned and held
by the Company are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may
not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is evaluated by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to its
estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment
to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amounts of the assets exceed the fair value of the assets. There has
been no impairment charge for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Revenue recognition 

The Company adopted Accounting
Standards Update ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) ASU 2014-09 using
the full retrospective transition method. The Company's adoption of ASU 2014-09 did not have a material impact on the amount and timing
of revenue recognized in its consolidated financial statements. 

Under ASU 2014-09, the Company
recognizes revenue when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration
the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. 

The Company applies the following
five steps in order to determine the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under each of its agreements: 

identify the contract with a customer; 

identify the performance obligations in the contract; 

determine the transaction price; 

allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and 

recognize revenue as the performance obligation is satisfied. 

44 

The Company s services
revenue is derived from performing the research and development and technology development for the customers under fixed-price contracts.
On fixed-price contracts that are expected not more than one year in duration, revenue is recognized pursuant to the proportional performance
method based upon the proportion of actual costs incurred to the total estimated costs for the contract. The Company receives the periodic
progress payments. 

Costs incurred in connection
with the research and development, are included in cost of revenue. Product development costs charged to billable projects are recorded
as cost of revenue, which consist primarily of costs associated with personnel, supplies and materials. 

Government subsidies 

A government subsidy is not
recognized until there is reasonable assurance that: (a) the enterprise will comply with the conditions attached to the grant; and (b)
the grant will be received. When the Company receives government subsidies but the conditions attached to the grants have not been fulfilled,
such government subsidies are deferred and recorded under other payables and accrued expenses, and other long-term liability. The classification
of short-term or long-term liabilities is depended on the management s expectation of when the conditions attached to the grant
can be fulfilled. For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company received government subsidies of 9,186 and 0, which are recognized
as subsidy income in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Income taxes 

The Company adopted the ASC
740 Income tax provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13, which addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected
to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the consolidated financial statements. Under paragraph 740-10-25-13, the Company may
recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on
examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits recognized in the consolidated
financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent (50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Paragraph 740-10-25-13 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification,
interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. The Company had no material
adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits according to the provisions of paragraph 740-10-25-13. 

The estimated future tax effects
of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities are reported in the accompanying balance sheets, as well as tax
credit carry-backs and carry-forwards. The Company periodically reviews the recoverability of deferred tax assets recorded on its balance
sheets and provides valuation allowances as management deems necessary. 

Uncertain tax positions 

The Company did not take any
uncertain tax positions and had no adjustments to its income tax liabilities or benefits pursuant to the ASC 740 provisions of Section
740-10-25 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Net loss per share 

The Company calculates net
loss per share in accordance with ASC Topic 260, Earnings per Share . Basic income per share is computed by dividing
the net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted income per share is computed similar
to basic income per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional common shares that would have been
outstanding if the potential common stock equivalents had been issued and if the additional common shares were dilutive. 

45 

Foreign currencies translation 

Transactions denominated in
currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rates prevailing at the dates
of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency are translated into the
functional currency using the applicable exchange rates at the balance sheet dates. The resulting exchange differences are recorded in
the consolidated statement of operations. 

The reporting currency of
the Company is United States Dollar US and the accompanying consolidated financial statements have been expressed in US .
In addition, the Company is operating in Hong Kong and maintains its books and record in its local currency, Hong Kong Dollars HKD ),
which is a functional currency as being the primary currency of the economic environment in which their operations are conducted. In general,
for consolidation purposes, assets and liabilities of its subsidiaries whose functional currency is not US are translated into US , in
accordance with ASC Topic 830-30, Translation of Financial Statement , using the exchange rate on the balance sheet
date. Revenues and expenses are translated at average rates prevailing during the period. The gains and losses resulting from translation
of financial statements of foreign subsidiaries are recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income within
the statements of changes in stockholder s equity. 

Translation of amounts from
HKD into US has been made at the following exchange rates for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022: 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 Year-end HKD:US exchange rate 
 0.1274 
 0.1277 
 
 Annualized average HKD:US exchange rate 
 0.1276 
 0.1285 

Comprehensive income 

ASC Topic 220, Comprehensive
Income , establishes standards for reporting and display of comprehensive income, its components and accumulated balances. Comprehensive
income as defined includes all changes in equity during a period from non-owner sources. Accumulated other comprehensive income, as presented
in the accompanying consolidated statements of changes in stockholders equity, consists of changes in unrealized gains and losses
on foreign currency translation. This comprehensive income is not included in the computation of income tax expense or benefit. 

Leases 

At the inception of an arrangement,
the Company determines whether the arrangement is or contains a lease based on the unique facts and circumstances present. Leases with
a term greater than one year are recognized on the balance sheet as right-of-use assets, lease liabilities and long-term lease liabilities.
The Company has elected not to recognize on the balance sheet leases with terms of one year or less. Operating lease liabilities and their
corresponding right-of-use assets are recorded based on the present value of lease payments over the expected remaining lease term. However,
certain adjustments to the right-of-use assets may be required for items such as prepaid or accrued lease payments. The interest rate
implicit in lease contracts is typically not readily determinable. As a result, the Company utilizes its incremental borrowing rates,
which are the rates incurred to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar
economic environment. 

In accordance with the guidance
in ASC Topic 842, components of a lease should be split into three categories: lease components (e.g. land, building, etc.), non-lease
components (e.g. common area maintenance, consumables, etc.), and non-components (e.g. property taxes, insurance, etc.). Subsequently,
the fixed and in-substance fixed contract consideration (including any related to non-components) must be allocated based on the respective
relative fair values to the lease components and non-lease components. 

46 

The Company made the policy
election to not separate lease and non-lease components. Each lease component and the related non-lease components are accounted for together
as a single component. 

Retirement plan costs 

Contributions to retirement
plans (which are defined contribution plans) are charged to general and administrative expenses in the accompanying statements of operation
as the related employee service is provided. 

Deferred financing costs 

Costs
related to the issuance of debt are deferred as an asset and amortized to interest expense over the life of the related debt. 

Related parties 

The Company follows the ASC
850-10, Related Party for the identification of related parties and disclosure of related party transactions. 

Pursuant to section 850-10-20
the related parties include a) affiliates of the Company; b) entities for which investments in their equity securities would be required,
absent the election of the fair value option under the Fair Value Option Subsection of section 825 10 15, to be accounted
for by the equity method by the investing entity; c) trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and Income-sharing trusts that
are managed by or under the trusteeship of management; d) principal owners of the Company; e) management of the Company; f) other parties
with which the Company may deal if one party controls or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other
to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests; and g) other
parties that can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership interest
in one of the transacting parties and can significantly influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting parties might
be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests. 

The consolidated financial
statements shall include disclosures of material related party transactions, other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances,
and other similar items in the ordinary course of business. However, disclosure of transactions that are eliminated in the preparation
of consolidated or combined financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures shall include: a) the nature
of the relationship(s) involved; b) a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no amounts or nominal amounts were
ascribed, for each of the periods for which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed necessary to an understanding
of the effects of the transactions on the financial statements; c) the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for
which income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding
period; and d) amount due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent,
the terms and manner of settlement. 

Commitments and contingencies 

The Company follows the ASC
450-20, Commitments to report accounting for contingencies. Certain conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements
are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company but which will only be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to
occur. The Company assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing
loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending against the Company or un-asserted claims that may result in such proceedings,
the Company evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or un-asserted claims as well as the perceived merits of the amount
of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. 

If the assessment of a contingency
indicates that it is probable that a material loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated
liability would be accrued in the Company s consolidated financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material
loss contingency is not probable but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent
liability, and an estimate of the range of possible losses, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. 

47 

Loss contingencies considered
remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the guarantees would be disclosed. Management does not
believe, based upon information available at this time that these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. However, there is no assurance that such matters will not materially and adversely affect
the Company s business, financial position, and results of operations or cash flows. 

Fair value of financial instruments 

The Company follows paragraph
825-10-50-10 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and has adopted
paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification Paragraph 820-10-35-37 to measure the fair value
of its financial instruments. Paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification establishes a framework for measuring
fair value in generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase consistency
and comparability in fair value measurements and related disclosures, paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification
establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three (3) broad
levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs. The three (3) levels of fair value hierarchy defined by paragraph 820-10-35-37 of the
FASB Accounting Standards Codification are described below: 

Level 1 
 
 Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. 

Level 2 
 
 Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. 

Level 3 
 
 Pricing inputs that are generally observable inputs and not corroborated by market data. 

Financial assets are considered
Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least
one significant model assumption or input is unobservable. 

The fair value hierarchy gives
the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable
inputs. If the inputs used to measure the financial assets and liabilities fall within more than one level described above, the categorization
is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of the instrument. 

The carrying amounts of the
Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash and cash equivalents, approximate their fair values because of the short
maturity of these instruments. 

Recent accounting pronouncements 

In June 2016, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (:FASB issued new accounting guidance ASU 2016-13 for recognition of credit losses on financial instruments,
which is effective January 1, 2020, with early adoption permitted on January 1, 2019. The guidance introduces a new credit reserving model
known as the Current Expected Credit Loss CECL model, which is based on expected losses, and differs significantly from
the incurred loss approach used today. The CECL model requires measurement of expected credit losses not only based on historical experience
and current conditions, but also by including reasonable and supportable forecasts incorporating forward-looking information and will
likely result in earlier recognition of credit reserves. In November 2019, the FASB issued ASU No. 2019-10, which is to update the effective
date of ASU No. 2016-13 for private companies, not-for-profit organizations and certain smaller reporting companies applying for credit
losses standard. The new effective date for these preparers is for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods
within those fiscal years. The Company has adopted this update on April 1, 2023, and the adoption does not have material impact on Company s
consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 

48 

CECL adoption will have broad
impact on the financial statements of financial services firms, which will affect key profitability and solvency measures. Some of the
more notable expected changes include: 

Higher allowance on financial guarantee reserve and finance lease
receivable levels and related deferred tax assets. While different asset types will be impacted differently, the expectation is that
reserve levels will generally increase across the board for all financial firms. 

Increased reserve levels may lead to a reduction in capital levels. 

As a result of higher reserving levels, the expectation is that
CECL will reduce cyclicality in financial firms results, as higher reserving in good times will mean that less dramatic
reserve increases will be loan related income (which will continue to be recognized on a periodic basis based on the effective interest
method) and the related credit losses (which will be recognized up front at origination). This will make periods of loan expansion seem
less profitable due to the immediate recognition of expected credit losses. Periods of stable or declining loan levels will look comparatively
profitable as the income trickles in for loans, where losses had been previously recognized. 

In March 2023, the FASB issued
new accounting guidance, ASU 2023-01, for leasehold improvements associated with common control leases, which is effective for fiscal
years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for both interim
and annual financial statements that have not yet been made available for issuance. The new guidance introduced two issues: terms and
conditions to be considered with leases between related parties under common control and accounting for leasehold improvements. The goals
for the new issues are to reduce the cost associated with implementing and applying Topic 842 and to promote diversity in practice by
entities within the scope when applying lease accounting requirements. 

The Company has reviewed all
recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements and does not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements
may be expected to cause a material impact on its financial condition or the results of its operations. 

ITEM
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

ITEM 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The consolidated financial
statements and the Report of Independent Registered Certified Public Accounting Firm thereon are filed pursuant to this Item 8 and are
included in this report beginning on page F-1. 

49 

KING RESOURCES INC. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 6743) 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Deficit 
 
 F-7 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 F-30 

F- 1 

J S ASSOCIATE PLT 
 (formerly known as J S Associate) 
 202206000037 (LLP0033395-LCA) 
 AF002380 
 (Registered with PCAOB and MIA) 
 B-11-14, Megan Avenue II 
 12,Jalan Yap Kwan Seng, 50450, Kuala
 Lumpur, Malaysia 
 
 Tel: +603-4813
 9469 
 Email : info@jns-associate.com 
 Website : jns-associate.com 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

The Board of Director and Stockholder of 

 KING RESOURCES, INC. 

Opinion on the Financial Statement 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of King Resources, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related
consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year ended
March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3, the Company incurred a net loss
of 1,315,508 and suffered from a working capital deficit of 2,181,371 as of March 31, 2023. The Company has not yet established an ongoing
source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating costs and allow it to continue as a going concern. The continuation of the Company
as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its stockholders. Management believes the existing stockholders
will provide the additional cash to meet with the Company s obligations as they become due. However, there is no assurance that
the Company will be successful in securing sufficient funds to sustain the operations. 

These matters raise substantial doubt about the
Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that that may be necessary
to reflect the effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and additional liabilities that may arise if the Company is
not able to continue as a going concern. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

F- 2 

J S ASSOCIATE PLT 
 (formerly known as J S Associate) 
 202206000037 (LLP0033395-LCA) 
 AF002380 
 (Registered with PCAOB and MIA) 
 B-11-14, Megan Avenue II 
 12,Jalan Yap Kwan Seng, 50450, Kuala
 Lumpur, Malaysia 
 
 Tel: +603-4813
 9469 
 Email : info@jns-associate.com 
 Website : jns-associate.com 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current year audit of the financial statements that were communicated or are required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements, and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective,
or complex judgements. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

(Formerly known as J S Associate) 

 Certified Public Accountants 

 Firm ID: 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2022. 

July 14, 2023 

F- 3 

KING RESOURCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

 AS OF MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

As of March 31, 

2023 
 2022 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Deferred financing expenses 

Deposits, prepayments and other receivables 

Total current assets 

Non-current assets: 

Property and equipment 

Deferred financing expenses 

Right-of-use assets 

Intangible assets 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Accrued consulting and service fee 

Advance received from Customer 

Amounts due to related parties 

Lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current liability: 

Lease liabilities 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred Stock, par value , shares authorized, shares designated as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Preferred Stock, Series C, par value , shares designated, shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Common stock, par value , shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Accumulated deficit 

Stockholders deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 4 

KING RESOURCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND 

 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US )) 

Years ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Revenue, net 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development expenses 

Sales and marketing expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operation 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expenses 

Interest income 

Inventory impairment loss 

Subsidy income 

Sundry income 

Total other expense, net 

LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES 

Income tax expense 

NET LOSS 

Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency adjustment gain 

COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Net loss per share Basic and Diluted 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average outstanding shares 

Basic 

Diluted# 

Less than 0.001 

 # Subject to the increase in authorized capital 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 5 

KING RESOURCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US )) 

Years ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization 

Non-cash lease expenses 

Amortization of deferred financing expenses 

Share issued for services rendered 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable, related party 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Deposit, prepayments and other receivables 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Accrued consulting and service fee 

Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities 

Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Addition of intangible assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Advances from related parties 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Cash paid for interest 

Lease obligation and Right-of-use asset 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 6 

KING RESOURCES, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

Series C Preferred stock 
 Common stock 

No. of 
 
 No. of 

shares 
 Amount 
 shares 
 Amount 

Balance as of April 1, 2021 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss for the year 

Balance as of March 31, 2022 

Commitment share issued 

Share issued for services rendered 

Cancellation of shares with error 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss for the year 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 

Accumulated 

Additional 
 other 
 
 Total 

Paid-in 
 comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 stockholders 

capital 
 (loss) income 
 losses 
 deficit 

Balance as of April 1, 2021 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss for the year 

Balance as of March 31, 2022 

Commitment share issued 

Share issued for services rendered 

Cancellation of shares with error 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Net loss for the year 

Balance as of March 31, 2023 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements. 

F- 7 

KING RESOURCES, INC. 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

 (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) 

The Company and its subsidiaries are hereinafter
referred to as the Company . 

allowance for doubtful
accounts. 

impairment of intangible assets identified for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

 years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 
 years 
 
 Computer equipment 
 
 years 

Expenditures for repair and maintenance are expensed
as incurred. When assets have been retired or sold, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any
resulting gain or loss is recognized in the results of operations. 

 impairment charge for
the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Under ASU 2014-09, the Company recognizes revenue
when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects
to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. 

The Company applies the following five steps in
order to determine the appropriate amount of revenue to be recognized as it fulfills its obligations under each of its agreements: 

identify the contract with a customer; 

identify the performance obligations in the contract; 

determine the transaction price; 

allocate the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and 

recognize revenue as the performance obligation is satisfied. 

The Company s services revenue is derived
from performing the research and development and technology development for the customers under fixed-price contracts. On fixed-price
contracts that are expected not more than one year in duration, revenue is recognized pursuant to the proportional performance method
based upon the proportion of actual costs incurred to the total estimated costs for the contract. The Company receives the periodic progress
payments. 

Costs incurred in connection with the research
and development, are included in cost of revenue. Product development costs charged to billable projects are recorded as cost of revenue,
which consist primarily of costs associated with personnel, supplies and materials. 

 and , which are recognized as subsidy
income in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Annualized average HKD:US exchange rate 

as at March 31, 2023. The continuation as a going concern is dependent upon improving profitability and obtaining the continued
financial support from the stockholders and external financing to provide the additional cash to meet the Company s obligations
as they become due. Whilst the management believes that external financing can be obtained, there can be no assurance on the success
of raising such additional capital resources on terms satisfactory to the Company. 

These consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of assets and liabilities that
may result in the Company not being able to continue as a going concern. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Computer equipment 

Foreign translation difference 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Less: foreign translation difference 

Depreciation expense for the years ended March
31, 2023 and 2022 were and , respectively. 

years 

Trademarks 
 years 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Foreign translation adjustment 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, amortization
of intangible assets was . During the year ended March 31, 2022, there was amortization of intangible assets of . 

As of March 31, 2023, the estimated amortization
expense for intangible assets for each of the succeeding five years and thereafter is as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total 

and ,
as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

years, commencing from February 22, 2022. 

Right of use assets and lease liability 
right of use are as follows: 

The lease liability right of use is as
follows: 

As of March 31, 

2023 
 2022 

Current portion 

Non-current portion 

Total 

The weighted average discount rate for the operating
lease is . 

As of March 31, 2023, the operating lease payment
of will mature in the next 12 months. 

shares of preferred stock, with a par value of . The Company has one class of Preferred Stock designated with shares
authorized as Series C Preferred Stock, with a par value of per share. 

The Company is authorized to issue 
shares of common stock, with a par value of . 

Series C Preferred Stock 

The Company has designated shares of
Series C Preferred Stock. Each one share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock converts into 100 shares of common stock of the Company
at the election of the holder, subject to equitable adjustments. 

As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had
 shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Common Stock 

On June 24, 2022, the Company issued 
shares of its common stock as Commitment Shares to Williamsburg Venture Holdings, LLC (the Investor ), under an Equity Purchase
Agreement dated June 21, 2022 (the Agreement ), in consideration for the Investor s execution and delivery of, and
performance under the Agreement, which was deferred to be amortized over the financing period of 36 months. 

On August 12, 2022, the Company issued 
shares of its common stock to settle the accrued consulting and service fee to consultants who provided the prior services to the Company. 

On September 30, 2022, the Company cancelled 
shares of its common stock due to an error noted from previous transfer agent s record. 

As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had
a total of shares and 
 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Net (loss) income per share: 

Basic# 

Diluted# 

____________________ 

# 
 Less than 0.001 

- Foreign, including 

British Virgin Islands 

Hong Kong 

Loss before income taxes 

The provision for income taxes consisted of the
following: 

- Foreign 

Deferred tax 

- Local 

- Foreign 

Income tax expense 

The effective tax rate in the years presented
is the result of the mix of income earned in various tax jurisdictions that apply a broad range of income tax rate. The Company mainly
operates in Hong Kong that is subject to taxes in the jurisdictions in which they operate, as follows: 

United States of America 

KRFG is registered in the State of Delaware and
is subject to tax laws of the United States of America. The U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Reform Act was signed into
law. The Tax Reform Act significantly revised the U.S. corporate income tax regime by, among other things, lowering the U.S. corporate
tax rate from 35 to 21 effective January 1, 2018. The Company s policy is to recognize accrued interest and penalties related
to unrecognized tax benefits in its income tax provision. The Company has not accrued or paid interest or penalties which were not material
to its results of operations for the years presented. 

As of March 31, 2023, the operations in the United
States of America incurred of cumulative net
operating losses which can be carried forward indefinitely to offset future taxable income. The Company has provided for a full valuation
allowance against the deferred tax assets of 
 on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management believes it is more likely than
not that these assets will not be realized in the future. 

BVI 

Under the current BVI law, the Company is not
subject to tax on income. 

Hong Kong 

The Company s subsidiary operating in Hong
Kong is subject to the Hong Kong Profits Tax at the two-tiered profits tax rates from 8.25 to 16.5 on the estimated assessable profits
arising in Hong Kong during the current year, after deducting a tax concession for the tax year. The reconciliation of income tax rate
to the effective income tax rate for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 is as follows: 

Statutory income tax rate 

Income tax expense at statutory rate 

Tax effect of non-deductible items 

Tax effect of non-taxable items 

Net operating loss carried forward/(utilized) 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

As of March 31, 2023, the operations in Hong Kong
incurred of cumulative net operating losses which can be carried forward to offset future taxable income. There is no expiry
in net operating loss carryforwards under Hong Kong tax regime. the Company has provided for a full valuation allowance against the deferred
tax assets of on the expected future tax benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards as the management believes it is
more likely than not that these assets will not be realized in the future. 

The following table sets forth the significant
components of the deferred tax assets of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022: 

Hong Kong tax regime 

Less: valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net 

The Company filed income tax returns in the United
States federal tax jurisdiction and the Delaware state tax jurisdiction. Since the Company is in a loss carryforward position, it is generally
subject to examination by federal and state tax authority for all tax years in which a loss carryforward is available. 

of the Company s
revenue amounting to with accounts receivable at March 31, 2023. 

For the year ended March 31, 2022, there was a
customer exceeding 10 of the Company s revenue. This customer is located in the PRC, and accounted for of the Company s
revenue amounting to with accounts receivable at March 31, 2022. 

(b) 
 Major vendors 

For the year ended March 31, 2023, there were three vendors exceeding
10 of the Company s cost of revenue. These vendors accounted for of the Company s cost of revenue amounting to 
with accounts payable at March 31, 2023. 

For the year ended March 31, 2022, there was no single vendor exceeding
10 of the Company s cost of revenue. 

(c) 
 Economic and political risk 

The Company s major operations are
conducted in Hong Kong. Accordingly, the political, economic, and legal environments in Hong Kong, as well as the general state of
Hong Kong s economy may influence the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations. The Company
may also be exposed to the broader global economic conditions. 

(d) 
 Exchange rate risk 

The Company cannot guarantee that the current
exchange rate will remain steady; therefore, there is a possibility that the Company could post the same amount of profit for two comparable
periods and because of the fluctuating exchange rate actually post higher or lower profit depending on exchange rate of HKD converted
to US on that date. The exchange rate could fluctuate depending on changes in political and economic environments without notice. 

(e) 
 Liquidity risk 

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Company
will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they become due. The Company s policy is to ensure that it has
sufficient cash to meet its liabilities when they become due, under both normal and stressed conditions, without incurring
unacceptable losses or risking damage to the Company s reputation. A key risk in managing liquidity is the degree of
uncertainty in the cash flow projections. This is presently managed through shareholder financial support. If future cash flows are
fairly uncertain, the liquidity risk increases. 

F- 21 

ITEM 9. Changes in and
Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. Controls and
Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act)
that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time specified in the Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls
and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an
issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management, including
its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rule 13a-15
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as of the end of the period covered by this report, we have carried out an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our company s disclosure controls and procedures. Under the direction of our Chief
Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting and concluded that were effective as of March 31, 2023. 

However, it should be noted
that the design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can
be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. 

Management's Annual Report
On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act. Our management is also required to assess and report on the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 404 ). Management,
under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework. Based on that
evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of March 31, 2023. 

This Annual Report does not
include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's
report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
that permit the Company to provide only management's report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes in the
Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal year that have materially affected, or
is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING
FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

None. 

50 

PART III 

ITEM 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Set forth below are the present
directors and executive officers of the Company. Note that there are no other persons who have been nominated or chosen to become directors
nor are there any other persons who have been chosen to become executive officers. There are no arrangements or understandings between
any of the directors, officers and other persons pursuant to which such person was selected as a director or an officer. Directors are
elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and have qualified. Officers
are appointed to serve until the meeting of the board of directors following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors
have been elected and qualified. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 FU Wah 
 
 54 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director 
 
 LAU Ping Kee 
 
 73 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 WONG Kan Tat Frederick 
 
 58 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 LO Mei Fan Pauline 
 
 51 
 
 Independent Director 

Biographies 

Set forth below are brief
accounts of the business experience during the past five years of each director, executive officer and significant employee of the Company. 

Mr. FU Wah ,
age 53, was appointed to serve as our Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and director on December 15, 2021. Mr. Fu has served as the Chief
Executive Officer of Powertech Corporation Limited, a Hong Kong company, since 2014. Prior to that time, Mr. Fu served as the General
Manager of Max Infosystems (Hong Kong) Ltd., a Hong Kong company, from 2001 to 2003 and 2005 to 2013, respectively. Mr. Fu is a technopreneur
with more than 15 years of extensive experience in Integrated Supply Chain Management and Solutions, and Microsoft licensing program.
Mr. Fu established the team for Power Technology research and development, developing high-efficient and high-power density of AC/DC power
solution with the proprietary power conversion technology. He also involved with a research project in indoor location and object tracking.
He has extensive knowledge and experience in IoT and Smart City solutions and applications. Mr. Fu graduated from Ottawa University with
a Bachelor Degree in Business Administration in 1999, and obtained his Master Degree from Hong Kong University of Science and Technology HKUST in Technology Management of IT Management in 2006. Mr. Fu brings to the Board his extensive experience in ultra-small
high power chargers and its applications. 

Mr. LAU Ping Kee ,
age 73, was appointed to serve as our Chief Financial Officer and director on December 15, 2021. Mr. Lau is a seasoned businessman with
significant experience in the marine and shipping industry, and has been a director of various marine and investment companies. Mr. Lau
has been a director of Golden Creation Enterprise Limited since 2014 and a director of Y.R.P. Investment Limited since 2013. Mr. Lau served
as director of Sharing Economy International Inc. from March 2017 to December 2021. Mr. Lau brings to the Board his experience as a corporate
director and in investment, as well as his knowledge in managing Nasdaq and OTC Markets companies. Mr. Lau obtained his Bachelor and Master
degrees in Art from L Ecole Pratique des Hautes Etudes, Paris, France in 1977. 

Mr.
WONG Kan Tat Frederick , age 58, was appointed to serve as our Independent Director on August 30, 2022. Mr. Wong has over 20 years
of experiences in wealth management and asset management, he is a licensed holder of securities dealings and asset management under Securities
and Futures Commission of Hong Kong. Mr. Wong is currently the managing partner of Allotrope Capital, a Hong Kong company which links
up startup companies and investors. Prior to 2021, Mr. Wong has served as the managing director for CASH Financial Services Group for
seven years, a company listed in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange Limited. Mr. Wong has also served as the Executive Director of China Reserve
Securities Limited, and held senior position in several financial institutions. Mr. Wong has been actively involved and supportive in
the Hong Kong tech-based startups community. He serves as the core committee member of Technology Incubation Network, an association composites
by members under the incubation programs managed by Hong Kong Science and Technology Parks. 

Mr.
Wong received his PHD in Management in 2005 from Empresarial University, Costa Rica and his Master of Business Administration from Newport
University, USA in 1994. Mr. Wong brings to the Board his strong network of technology companies and his expertise in the capital markets
and capital management. 

51 

Ms.
Lo Mei Fan Pauline , age 51, was appointed to serve as our Independent Director on August 30, 2022. For more than 25 years, Ms.
Lo has been serving as the duty manager of Cathay Pacific Airways, one of the world s top airline and air freight giant. She is
well-versed in effective task delegation and workflow coordination. She also has comprehensive experience in customer relationship management
and user experience improvement. Currently, Ms. Lo also served as the consultant for a mobile app solutions provider. Ms. Lo brings to
the Board with her sophisticated experience in operation management and consumer services, and advices the Company regarding the development
of its IoT smart home mobile app. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

No executive officer or director
has been involved in the last ten years in any of the following: 

Any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business or property of such person, or of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

Any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

Being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities; 

Being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action), the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

Being the subject of or a party to any judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, or any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, including but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail, fraud, wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

Being the subject of or a party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act, any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Family Relationships. 

There are no family relationships between any of
our directors or executive officers. 

Board Committees 

The Company adopted an Insider
Trading Compliance Program, established an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nomination and governance committee,
and adopted charters to govern the governance of such audit, compensation, nomination and governance committees on August 30, 2022. The
audit and compensation committees consist of Mr. Wong Kan Tat Frederick and Ms. Lo Mei Fan Pauline, our independent directors, and Mr.
Lau Ping Kee, our Chief Financial Officer and Director. Mr. Lau is the chair of our audit committee and compensation committee. Our nomination
and governance committee consists of Mr. Wong Kan Tat Frederick, Ms. Lo Mei Fan Pauline, and Mr. Fu Wah, our Chief Executive Officer,
Secretary and Director. Mr. Fu is the chair of our nomination and governance committee. Mr. Wong Kan Tat Frederick is an independent director
who qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as our business operations mature. 

52 

Code of Ethics 

We have not yet adopted a
code of ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer principal accounting officer or controller
in light of our Company s current stage of development. We expect to adopt a code of ethics in the near future. 

ITEM 11. Executive
Compensation. 

Compensation Philosophy and Objectives 

Our executive compensation
philosophy is to create a long-term direct relationship between pay and our performance. Our executive compensation program is designed
to provide a balanced total compensation package over the executive s career with us. The compensation program objectives are to
attract, motivate and retain the qualified executives that help ensure our future success, to provide incentives for increasing our profits
by awarding executives when corporate goals are achieved and to align the interests of executives and long-term stockholders. The compensation
package of our named executive officers consists of two main elements: 

1. 
 base salary for our executives that is competitive relative to the market, and that reflects individual performance, retention and other relevant considerations; and 

2. 
 discretionary bonus awards payable in cash and tied to the satisfaction of corporate objectives. 

Program Components 

Our executive compensation
program consists of the following elements: 

Base Salary 

Our base salary structure
is designed to encourage internal growth, attract and retain new talent, and reward strong leadership that will sustain our growth and
profitability. The base salary for each named executive officer reflects our past and current operating profits, the named executive officer s
individual contribution to our success throughout his career, internal pay equity and informal market data regarding comparable positions
within similarly situated companies. In determining and setting base salary, the Board considers all of these factors, though it does
not assign specific weights to any factor. The Board generally reviews the base salary for each named executive officer on an annual basis.
For each of our named executive officers, we review base salary data internally obtained by the Company for comparable executive positions
in similarly situated companies to ensure that the base salary rate for each executive is competitive relative to the market. 

Discretionary Bonus 

The objectives of our bonus
awards are to encourage and reward our employees, including the named executive officers, who contribute to and participate in our success
by their ability, industry, leadership, loyalty or exceptional service and to recruit additional executives who will contribute to that
success. 

53 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following summary compensation
table sets forth the aggregate compensation we paid or accrued during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, to (i) our Chief
Executive Officer (principal executive officer), (ii) our Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), (iii) our three most
highly compensated executive officers other than the principal executive officer and the principal financial officer who were serving
as executive officers on March 31, 2022, whose total compensation was in excess of 100,000, and (iv) up to two additional individuals
who would have been within the two-other-most-highly compensated but were not serving as executive officers on March 31, 2023. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 Change in Pension Value and Non-qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 FU Wah 
 2023 
 21,815 

21,815 
 
 CEO, Secretary and Director (1) 
 2022 
 21,815 

21,815 
 
 LAU Ping Kee 
 2023 

CFO and Director (2) 
 2022 

______________ 

 (1) Mr. Fu joined us as our Chief Executive
Officer, Secretary and Director on December 15, 2021. 

 (2) Mr. Lau joined us as our Chief Financial
Officer and Director on December 15, 2021. 

Narrative disclosure to Summary Compensation

Mr. Lau did not receive any compensation in his
capacities as an executive officer and director of the Company. As our business matures, we hope to enter into an employment arrangement
with Mr. Lau in the future. 

Other than set out above and
below, there are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers.
We expect to establish one or more incentive compensation plans in the future. Our directors and executive officers may receive securities
of the Company as incentive compensation at the discretion of our board of directors in the future. We do not have any material bonus
or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers. 

Equity Awards 

There are no unvested options,
warrants or convertible securities outstanding. 

At no time during the last
fiscal year with respect to any of any of our executive officers was there: 

any outstanding option or other equity-based award repriced or otherwise materially modified (such as by extension of exercise periods, the change of vesting or forfeiture conditions, the change or elimination of applicable performance criteria, or the change of the bases upon which returns are determined); 

any waiver or modification of any specified performance target, goal or condition to payout with respect to any amount included in non-stock incentive plan compensation or payouts; 

any option or equity grant; 

any non-equity incentive plan award made to a named executive officer; 

any nonqualified deferred compensation plans including nonqualified defined contribution plans; or 

any payment for any item to be included under All Other Compensation in the Summary Compensation Table. 

54 

Director Compensation 

During our fiscal year
ended March 31, 2023, we did not provide compensation to any of our directors for serving as our director. We currently have no
formal plan for compensating our directors for their services in their capacity as directors, although we may elect to issue stock
options to such persons from time to time. 

Directors are entitled to
reimbursement for reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our board of
directors. Our board of directors may award special remuneration to any director undertaking any special services on our behalf other
than services ordinarily required of a director. 

Compensation Risk Management 

Our board of directors and
human resources staff conducted an assessment of potential risks that may arise from our compensation programs. Based on this assessment,
we concluded that our policies and practices do not encourage excessive and unnecessary risk taking that would be reasonably likely to
have material adverse effect on the Company. The assessment included our cash incentive programs, which awards non-executives with cash
bonuses for punctuality. Our compensation programs are substantially identical among business units, corporate functions and global locations
(with modifications to comply with local regulations as appropriate). The risk-mitigating factors considered in this assessment included: 

the alignment of pay philosophy, peer group companies and compensation amounts relative to local competitive practices to support our business objectives; and 

effective balance of cash, short- and long-term performance periods, caps on performance-based award schedules and financial metrics with individual factors and Board and management discretion. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, none of our executive officers has served:
(i) on the compensation committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions or, in the absence of any such committee,
the entire board of directors) of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on our board of directors; (ii) as a director
of another entity, one of whose executive officers served on the compensation committee (or other board committee performing equivalent
functions or, in the absence of any such committee, the entire board of directors) of the registrant; or (iii) as a member of the compensation
committee (or other board committee performing equivalent functions or, in the absence of any such committee, the entire board of directors)
of another entity, one of whose executive officers served as a director of the Company. 

Compensation Committee Report 

Our board of directors has
reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis in this report with management. Based on its review and discussion with
management, the board of directors recommended that the Compensation Discussion and Analysis be included in this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023. The material in this report is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not incorporated by reference
in any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made on,
before, or after the date of this Report on Form 10-K and irrespective of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

Submitted by the board of directors: 

 Fu Wah 

 Lau Ping Kee 

 Wong Kan Tat Frederick 

 Lo Mei Fan Pauline 

55 

ITEM 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table
sets forth certain information concerning the number of shares of our common stock owned beneficially as of July 12, 2023, by:
(i) each person (including any group) known to us to own more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities, (ii)
each of our directors and each of our named executive officers (as defined under Item 402(m)(2) of Regulation S-K), and (iii)
officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, the shareholders listed possess sole voting and investment power with
respect to the shares shown. 

Except as indicated in footnotes
to this table, we believe that the stockholders named in this table will have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock shown to be beneficially owned by them, based on information provided to us by such stockholders. Unless otherwise indicated,
the address for each director and executive officer listed is: c/o King Resources, Inc., Unit 1813, 18/F, Fo Tan Industrial Centre, 26-28
Au Pui Wan Street, Fo Tan, Hong Kong. 

Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Series C Preferred Stock Owned 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage of Total Common Equity (1) 
 Number of Shares and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage of Total Series C Preferred Equity (1) 
 
 FU Wah (2) 
 708,955,224 
 12.927 

LAU Ping Kee 

All executive officers and directors as a Group (2 persons) 
 708,955,224 
 12.927 

5 or Greater Stockholders: 

Silver Bloom Properties Limited (3) 
 2,126,865,672 
 38.782 

TRX Fundco Inc. (4) 
 875,000,000 
 15.955 

Lee Ying Chiu Herbert (5) 

30,000,000 
 100 
 
 All 5 or Greater Stockholders 
 3,710,820,896 
 67.66 
 30,000,000 
 100 

________________ 

(1) 
 
 Applicable percentage ownership is based on 5,484,167,213 shares of common stock
outstanding as of July 12, 2023, together with securities exercisable or convertible into shares of common stock within 60 days of July
12, 2023. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes
voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of common stock that a person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership
of upon the exercise or conversion of options, convertible stock, warrants or other securities that are currently exercisable or convertible
or that will become exercisable or convertible within 60 days of July 12, 2023, are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding
such securities for the purpose of computing the number of shares beneficially owned and percentage of ownership of such person, but are
not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. 
 
 (2) 
 
 Fu Wah was appointed to serve as our Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and director on December 15, 2021. 
 
 (3) 
 
 Lung Yuen is the sole shareholder and director of Silver Bloom Properties Limited. 
 
 (4) 
 
 Kevin Price is the Chief Executive Officer of TRX Fundco Inc. 
 
 (5) 
 
 Lee Ying Chiu Herbert holds 30,000,000 shares of our Series C Preferred Stock. Each one share of Series C Preferred Stock converts into 100 shares of common stock of the Company at the election of the holder, subject to equitable adjustments. 

56 

ITEM 13 .
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Other than as disclosed below,
there are no transactions during our two most recent fiscal years ended March 31, 2023, and March 31, 2022, or any currently proposed
transaction, in which our Company was or to be a participant and the amount exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average
of our Company s total assets at year-end for our last two completed years, and in which any of our directors, officers or principal
stockholders, or any other related person as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K, had or have any direct or indirect material interest. 

From time to time, our directors
and shareholders advanced funds to us for working capital purpose. Those advances are unsecured, non-interest bearing and have no fixed
terms of repayment. As of March 31, 2023, the amounts due to related parties of 1,848,612 represented the temporary advances of 9,343
from Fu Wah, our CEO and director, and advances of 1,839,269 from our shareholder, Lee Ying Chiu Herbert and related companies controlled
by Dr. Lee. As of 31 March, 2022, the amounts due to related parties of 1,683,063 include advances of 2,850 from Fu Wah, our CEO and
director, and advances of 1,680,213 from our shareholder, Dr. Lee and related companies controlled by Dr. Lee. 

We have not adopted policies
or procedures for approval of related person transactions but review them on a case-by-case basis. We believe that all related party transactions
were on terms at least as favorable as we would have secured in arm s-length transactions with third parties. Except as set forth
above, we have not entered into any material transactions with any director, executive officer, and promoter, beneficial owner of five
percent or more of our common stock, or family members of such persons. 

Director Independence 

Though not a NASDAQ listed
company, we intend to adhere to the corporate governance standards adopted by NASDAQ. NASDAQ rules require our Board to make an affirmative
determination as to the independence of each director. Consistent with these rules, our Board conducted its annual review of director
independence. During the review, our Board considered relationships and transactions since incorporation between each director or any
member of her immediate family, on the one hand, and us and our subsidiaries and affiliates, on the other hand. The purpose of this review
was to determine whether any such relationships or transactions were inconsistent with a determination that the director is independent.
Based on this review, our Board determined that none of the current members of our Board are independent directors under the criteria
established by NASDAQ and by our Board. 

ITEM 14. Principal
AccountING Fees And Services. 

J S Associate PLT (formerly
known as J S Associate) J S audited our financial statements for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

All audit work was performed
by the full-time employees of J S for the above-mentioned fiscal years. Our board of directors does not have an audit committee. The
functions customarily delegated to an audit committee are performed by our full board of directors. Our board of directors approves in
advance, all services performed by J S, but have not adopted pre-approval policies or procedures. Our board of directors has considered
whether the provision of non-audit services is compatible with maintaining the principal accountant s independence, and has approved
such services. 

The following table sets forth
fees billed by our auditors during the last two fiscal years for services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and
the review of our quarterly financial statements, services by our auditors that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements and that are not reported as audit fees, services rendered in connection with tax compliance, tax
advice and tax planning, and all other fees for services rendered. 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 

Audit fees 
 30,000 
 30,000 
 
 Audit related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total 
 30,000 
 30,000 

57 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. Exhibits
and Financial Statement Schedules. 

The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements 

Financial Statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

No financial statement schedules are included because
such schedules are not applicable, are not required, or because required information is included in the financial statements or notes
thereto. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designations of preferences and rights of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (2) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen certificate evidencing shares of Common
 Stock (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 5 
 
 Opinion of Ravenscroft Schmierer (3) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Share Exchange Agreement dated December 15, 2021, by and among King
 Resources, Inc., Powertech Management Limited, a British Virgin Island corporation, FU Wah and Silver Bloom Properties Limited 
 (1) 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Director Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer and Director Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL, and included in exhibit 101). 
 
 _______________________ 

Filed herewith 
 
 (1) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits of the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2022. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits of Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 25, 2022. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated by reference to the Exhibits of Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 21, 2022. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

58 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

KING RESOURCES, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ FU Wah 

Name: FU Wah 

Title: Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director 

By: 
 /s/ LAU Ping Fee 

Name : LAU Ping Fee 

Title : Chief Financial Officer and Director 

By: 
 /s/ WONG Kan Tat Frederick 

Name : WONG Kan Tat Frederick 

Title : Independent Director 

By: 
 /s/ LO Mei Fan Pauline 

Name : LO Mei Fan Pauline 

Title : Independent Director 

Date: July 14, 2023 

59 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 king_ex0402.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.2 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

The following description
summarizes the material terms of our capital stock as of the date of this registration statement. Because it is only a summary, it does
not contain all the information that may be important to you. For a complete description of our capital stock, you should refer to our
Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws, and to the provisions of applicable Delaware law. 

Common Stock 

We are authorized to issue
up to 6,000,000,000 shares of our common stock, par value 0.001. Each share of common stock entitles the holder to one (1) vote
on each matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including the election of Directors. There is no cumulative voting. Subject to
preferences that may be applicable to any outstanding preferred stock, our Shareholders are entitled to receive ratably such dividends,
if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Board of Directors. Shareholders have no preemptive, conversion or other subscription
rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions related to the common stock. In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding
up of the Company, our Shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities, subject to prior
distribution rights of preferred stock, if any, then outstanding. 

Preferred Stock 

We are authorized to issue
up to 85,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.000001, issuable in one or more series as may be determined by the Board. Preferred
Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series as determined by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion. 

Our Board of Directors is
authorized to determine or alter any or all of the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed upon any wholly
unissued series of preferred stock and, within the limitations or restrictions stated in any resolution or resolutions of the Board of
Directors originally fixing the number of shares constituting any series, to increase or decrease (but not below the number of shares
of any such series then outstanding) the number of shares comprising any such series subsequent to the issue of shares of that series,
to set the designation of any series, and to provide for rights and terms of redemption, conversion, dividends, voting rights, and liquidation
preferences of the shares of any such series. 

Series A Preferred Stock 

On June 6, 2008, the Board
designated a class of Preferred Stock as the Series A Preferred Stock, par value 0.0001, with 10,000,000 authorized shares,
of which all ten million are outstanding. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock are: (i) entitled to receive dividends or other distributions
as may be declared by the Board of Directors in preference to the holders of Common Stock or other junior stock; (ii) entitled to 100
votes per share of Series A Preferred Stock on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders together with the Common Stock holders;
(iii) entitled to convert each one (1) share of Series A Preferred Stock into one hundred (100) shares of Common Stock. 

Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock 

On January 18, 2011, the Board
has designated a class of Preferred Stock as the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, par value 0.001, with 10,000,000
authorized shares. The Board and holder of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock approved the revocation of the Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock in May 2021. We intend to file amendments with the State of Delaware cancelling the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock
in the near future. 

Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock 

Effective June 23, 2021,
the Board designated a class of Preferred Stock as the Series C Preferred Shares, par value 0.001, with 50,000,000 authorized
shares, of which 30 million is issued and outstanding. Each one share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock converts into 100 shares
of common stock of the Corporation at the election of the holder, and each holder is entitled to 500 votes per share of Series C Preferred
Shares. 

1 

Options 

We have no options to purchase
shares of our common stock or any other of our securities outstanding as of the date of this report. 

Warrants 

We have no warrants to purchase
shares of our common stock or any other of our securities outstanding as of the date of this report. 

Dividends 

Dividends, if any, will be
contingent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and financial conditions. The payment of dividends, if any, will
be within the discretion of our board of directors. We intend to retain earnings, if any, for use in its business operations and accordingly,
the board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Delaware Anti-Takeover
Provisions 

Section 203 of the Delaware
General Corporation Law (the DGCL prohibits public companies from entering into a business combination (including a merger,
sale of assets or transfer of stock) with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes
an interested stockholder, unless certain conditions apply. An interested stockholder is defined as a person or group of
persons who beneficially acquire 15 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation. Section 203 does not apply if the corporation s
board of directors preapproves the transaction by which a stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, or if the subsequent business
combination with an interested stockholder is authorized at a stockholder meeting by two-thirds of the corporation s outstanding
voting stock (excluding the stock held by the interested stockholder). Further, a stockholder who acquires 85 or more of the voting stock
of a corporation (excluding stock held by directors who are also officers and certain employee stock plans) in the first transaction in
which it becomes an interested stockholder is not subject to the three-year waiting period for any subsequent business combination. 

A Delaware corporation may
amend its certificate of incorporation to opt out of Section 203 s anti-takeover protection. The amendment must be
approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote, in addition to any other vote required by law, and it must
be effected before any stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Subject to certain exceptions, such amendment will not take effect
until twelve months after its adoption. 

Because we do not have a class
of voting stock that is listed on a national securities exchange or held of record by more than 2,000 stockholders, the restrictions of
Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law do not apply to us. We intend, however, to amend our Certificate of Incorporation
to elect not to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL to facilitate potential future business combinations regardless of whether such
business combinations are with interested stockholders. 

2 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-21>
 3
 king_ex21.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21 

Subsidiaries 

Name 

Place of incorporation 
 and kind of 
 legal entity 

Principal activities 
 and place of operation 
 
 Particulars of registered/paid-up capital 

Effective interest 
 held 

Powertech Management Limited 
 
 British Virgin Islands 
 
 Investment holding 
 
 50,000 ordinary shares at par value of US 1 
 
 100 

Powertech Corporation Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 Provision of information technology services 
 
 10,000 ordinary shares for HK 10,000 
 
 100 

OneSolution Holdings Limited 
 
 British Virgin Islands 
 
 Investment holding 
 
 50,000 ordinary shares at par value of US 1 
 
 100 

OneSolution Management Limited 
 
 British Virgin Islands 
 
 Investment holding 
 
 50,000 ordinary shares at par value of US 1 
 
 100 

OneSolution Innotech Limited 
 
 Hong Kong 
 
 Product development and trading 
 
 10,000 ordinary shares for HK 10,000 
 
 100 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 king_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

KING RESOURCES, INC. 
CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)
OR RULE 15D-14(A), 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
RULE 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, FU Wah, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of King Resources, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the year in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the year covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ FU Wah 
 
 Date: July 14, 2023 
 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 FU Wah 
 Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 king_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

KING RESOURCES, INC. 
CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A)
OR RULE 15D-14(A), 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
RULE 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, LAU Ping Kee, certify
that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of King Resources, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the year in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the year covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

By: 
 /s/ LAU Ping Kee 
 
 Dated: July 14, 2023 
 
 Name: 
 Title: 
 
 LAU Ping Kee 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 king_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, FU Wah, Chief Executive Officer,
Secretary and Director of King Resources, Inc., hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) the annual report on Form 10-K of King Resources,
Inc. for the period ended March 31, 2023 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of King Resources, Inc.. 

/s/ FU Wah 

FU Wah 

Title: Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director 

Dated: July 14, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 king_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, LAU Ping Kee, Chief Financial
Officer and Director of King Resources, Inc., hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) the annual report on Form 10-K of King Resources,
Inc. for the period ended March 31, 2023 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of King Resources, Inc.. 

/s/ LAU Ping Kee 

LAU Ping Kee 

Title: Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Dated: July 14, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 krfg-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 krfg-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 krfg-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 krfg-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

