<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230922_10-K_edgar_data_1039280_0001493152-23-033429.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11799274</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>274290</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1617696</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4825816</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2014102</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2649127</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-033429.hdr.sgml : 20230922
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230922142554
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-033429
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		120
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230922
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230922

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NETSOL TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001039280
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				954627685
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22773
		FILM NUMBER:		231271245

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16000 VENTURA BLVD.,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 770
		CITY:			ENCINO,
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91436
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8182229195

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16000 VENTURA BLVD.,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 770
		CITY:			ENCINO,
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91436

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NETSOL INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19990819

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MIRAGE HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970519

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-033429.txt : 20230922

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 

 EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
Name of Registrant specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 Identification
 Number) 

, , 

 ,

(Address
of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 

(Issuer s
telephone number including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of exchange on which registered 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to
 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): 

Large
 Accelerated Filer 
 
 Accelerated
 Filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately based upon the closing
price of the stock as reported on NASDAQ Capital Market 2.89 per share) on December 31, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s
second quarter. As of September 15, 2023, there were 12,284,887 shares issued and outstanding of its .01 par value Common
Stock and no Preferred Stock was outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

ANNUAL
REPORT 

 PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES
ACT OF 1934 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS AND CROSS REFERENCE SHEET 

PAGE 
 
 PART
 I 

Note
 About Forward-Looking Statements 

Item
 1 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk
 Factors 
 13 
 
 Item
 1B 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 14 
 
 Item
 1C 
 Cybersecurity 
 14 
 
 Item
 2 
 Properties 
 14 
 
 Item
 3 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 14 
 
 Item
 4 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 14 

PART
 II 

Item
 5 
 Market
 for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 15 
 
 Item
 6 
 [Reserved] 
 15 
 
 Item
 7 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 
 
 Item
 7A 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 31 
 
 Item
 8 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 31 
 
 Item
 9 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 31 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 31 
 
 Item
 9B 
 Other
 Information 
 32 
 
 Item
 9C 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 32 

PART
 III 

Item
 10 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 32 
 
 Item
 11 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 37 
 
 Item
 12 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 49 
 
 Item
 13 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 49 
 
 Item
 14 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 50 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 51 

i 

NOTE
ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995 relating to the development of the Company s products and services and future operation results, including statements regarding
the Company that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected.
The words believe, expect, anticipate, intend, variations of such words, and
similar expressions, identify forward looking statements, but their absence does not mean that the statement is not forward looking.
These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult
to predict. Factors that could affect the Company s actual results include the progress and costs of the development of products
and services and the timing of the market acceptance. Forward looking statements may appear throughout this report, including without
limitation, the following sections: Item 1 Business, and Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these
forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risk and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance
on such forward-looking statements. 

As
used herein, NETSOL, we , our, and similar terms include NetSol Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries,
unless the context indicates otherwise. 

PART
1 

ITEM
1 - BUSINESS 

GENERAL 

NetSol
Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq CM: NTWK) is a worldwide provider of IT and enterprise software solutions to the global finance and leasing
industry. We believe that our solutions constitute mission critical applications for clients, as they encapsulate end-to-end business
processes, facilitating faster processing and increased transactions. 

NETSOL s
primary sources of revenues have been licensing, subscriptions, modification, enhancement and support of its suite of financial applications,
under the brand name NFS Ascent to leading businesses in the global finance and leasing space. With constant innovation
being a major part of NETSOL s DNA, we have enabled NFS Ascent deployment on the cloud with several implementations
already live and some underway. This shift to the cloud will enable NETSOL s new customers to opt for a subscription-based pricing
model rather than the traditional licensing model. 

NETSOL s
clients include blue chip organizations, Dow-Jones 30 Industrials, Fortune 500 companies, financial institutions, global vehicle manufacturers
through their captive finance companies auto captives ), unrelated automotive finance companies non-captives ),
equipment finance and leasing companies, and banks. All of which are serviced by NETSOL s strategically placed support and delivery
locations around the globe. 

Founded
in 1997, NETSOL is headquartered in Encino, California. NETSOL follows a global strategy for sales and delivery of its portfolio of solutions
and services through its offices in the following locations: 

North
 America 
 
 Encino, California and Austin, Texas 

Europe 
 
 London
 Metropolitan Area, Horsham, Flintshire 

Asia
 Pacific 
 
 Lahore,
 Karachi, Bangkok, Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Jakarta and Sydney 

Middle
 East 
 
 Dubai 

1 

OUR
BUSINESS 

Company
Business Model 

We
believe that our technology solutions offer our customers a return on their investment and allow us to thrive in a hyper competitive
and mature global marketplace. Our solutions are bolstered by our people. We believe that people are the drivers of success; therefore,
we invest heavily in our hiring, training and retention of top-notch staff to ensure not only successful selling, but also the ongoing
satisfaction of our clients. Taken together, this selling and attentive servicing approach creates a distinctive advantage
for us and a unique value for our customers. We continue to underpin our proven and effective business model which is a combination of
affordable pricing through effective cost arbitrage, subject matter expertise, domain experience, scalability and proximity with our
global and regional customers. 

Niche
Market Focus 

Through
our specialization in the leasing and financing space, we have gained a strong foothold in several global locations and a market leading
position in the auto equipment finance segment. We have a significantly growing presence in the general asset finance space, including
equipment and the big-ticket financing industry together with startups and banks. 

Subject
Matter Expertise 

Our
dual expertise in enterprise technology implementation and financial application development has helped us emerge as a global player
in the finance and leasing industry and secure a broad footprint across the major markets of North America, Asia Pacific and Europe.
The Asia Pacific region has particularly benefitted from the organic growth in the fast-developing leasing automation industry, which
is still nascent per Western standards. 

Domain
Experience 

We
have a strong presence in the captive asset-finance domain. With a collective experience of over two decades in Asia Pacific and Europe
and of nearly four decades in North America, we are one of the few players in this niche industry with a global presence. 

Proximity
with Global and Regional Customers 

We
have offices across the world, located strategically to maintain close contact and proximity with our customers in various key markets.
This has not only helped us strengthen our customer relationships but also build a deeper understanding of local market dynamics. Simultaneously,
we are able to extend services and even support development through a combination of onsite and off-site resources. This approach has
allowed us to offer blended rates to our customers by employing a unique and cost-effective global development model. 

While
our business model is built around the development, implementation and maintenance of our suite of financial applications, we employ
the same facilities and competencies to extend our offerings into related segments, including but not limited to: 

IT
 consulting and services 

Solutions
 development and implementation 

Business
 intelligence 

Outsourcing
 services and software process improvement consulting 

Maintenance
 and support of existing systems 

Project
 management 

Technology/start-up
 incubation 

White
 labelled digital retailing for auto-captives 

Our
global operation is broken down into three regions: North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. All of the subsidiaries are seamlessly integrated
to function effectively with global delivery capabilities, cross selling to multinational asset finance companies, leveraging of the
centralized marketing and pre-sales organization, and a network of employees connected across the globe to support local and global customers
and partners. 

2 

OUR
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 

NFS
Ascent 

Covering
the complete finance and leasing cycle starting from quotation origination through contract settlements, NFS Ascent is
designed and developed for a highly flexible setting and is capable of dealing with multinational, multi-company, multi-asset, multi-lingual,
multi-distributor and multi-manufacturer environments. The solution fully automates the entire financing/leasing cycle for companies
of any size, including those with multi-billion-dollar portfolios. NFS Ascent empowers financial institutions to effectively
manage their complex lending portfolios, enabling them to thrive in hyper-competitive global markets. 

NFS
Ascent is built on cutting-edge, modern technology that enables auto, equipment and big-ticket finance companies, alongside
banks, to run their retail and wholesale finance business with ease. With comprehensive domain coverage and powerful configuration engines,
it is well architected to empower finance and leasing companies with a platform that supports their growth in terms of business volume
and transactions. 

NETSOL s
next generation platform offers a technologically advanced solution for the asset finance and leasing industry. NFS Ascent s 
 architecture and user interfaces were designed based on NETSOL s collective experience with blue chip organizations and global
Fortune 500 companies over the past 40 years combined with modern UX design concepts. The platform s framework allows auto captive
and asset finance companies to rapidly transform legacy driven technology into a state-of-the-art IT and business process environment. 

At
the core of the NFS Ascent platform is a lease accounting and contract processing engine, which allows for an array of
interest calculation methods, as well as robust accounting of multi-billion-dollar lease portfolios in compliance with various regulatory
standards. NFS Ascent , with its distributed and clustered deployment across parallel application and high-volume data
servers, enables finance companies to process voluminous data in a hyper speed environment. 

Our
premier solution has been developed using the latest tools and technologies and its n-tier SOA architecture allows the system to greatly
improve a myriad of areas including, but not limited to, scalability, performance, fault tolerance and security. NFS Ascent 
 empowers users with: 

Improvement
 in overall productivity within the delivery organization: 

The
 features of the integrated Business Process Manager, Workflow Engine, Business Rule Engine and Integration Hub provide flexibility
 to our clients allowing them to configure certain parts of the application themselves rather than requesting customization. 

The
 NFS Ascent platform and the SOA architecture allow us to develop portals and mobile applications quickly by utilizing
 our existing services. 

The
 n-tier architecture allows us to intelligently distribute processing and eases application maintenance. The loose coupling between
 various modules and layers reduces the risk of regression in other parts of the system as a result of changes made in one part of
 the system and follows proven and accepted SOA principles. 

Amplified
 customer satisfaction: 

NFS
 Ascent and NFS Digital empower not only the finance company and dealerships, but the end customer as well with self-service
 digital tools allowing a seamless customer experience throughout the customer journey from origination through contract maturity. 

3 

NFS
ASCENT CONSTITUENT APPLICATIONS 

Omni
Point of Sale (Omni POS) 

A
highly agile, easy-to-use, web-based application - also accessible through mobile devices - Ascent s Omni POS system delivers an
intuitive user experience, with features that enable rapid data capture. Information captured at the point of sale can be made available
to anyone in an organization at any point in the lifecycle of each transaction. 

Contract
Management System (CMS) 

Ascent s
Contract Management System (CMS) is a powerful, highly agile, functionally rich application for managing and maintaining detailed credit
contracts throughout their lifecycle from pre-activation and activation through customer management, asset financial management,
billing and collections, finance and accounting, restructuring and maturity. 

Wholesale
Finance System (WFS) 

The
Ascent Wholesale Finance System (WFS) provides a powerful, seamless and efficient system for automating and managing the entire lifecycle
of wholesale finance. With floor planning, dealer and inventory financing, it is ideal for a culture of collaboration. Dealers, distributors,
partners and anyone in the supply chain are empowered to realize the benefits of financing and leverage the advantages of real-time
business intelligence. The system also supports asset and non-asset-based financing. 

Dealer
Auditor Access System (DAAS) 

DAAS
is a web-based solution that can be used in conjunction with WFS or any third-party wholesale finance system. It addresses the needs
of dealer, distributor, and auditor access in a wholesale financing arrangement. 

NFS
Ascent deployed on the cloud 

Our
premier, next generation solution NFS Ascent is also available on the cloud. With swift, seamless deployments and easy
scalability, it is an extremely adaptive retail and wholesale platform for the global finance and leasing industry. This cloud-version
of NFS Ascent is offered via flexible, value-driven subscription-based pricing options without the need to pay any upfront
license fees. Clients further benefit from a rapid deployment process and the ability to scale on demand. 

NFS
Digital 

NETSOL
is the pioneer in the global finance and leasing industry providing a full suite of digital transformation solutions. NFS Digital is
a combination of our core strengths, domain, and technology. Our insight into the evolving landscape together with our valuable experience
led us to define sound digital transformation strategies and compliment them with smart digital solutions so that our customers always
remain competitive and relevant to the dynamic environment. Our digital transformation solutions are extremely robust and can be used
with or without our core, next-gen solution (NFS Ascent to effectively augment and enhance our customer s ecosystem. 

Self-Point
 of Sale 

Our
 Self POS portal allows customers to go through the complete buying and financing process online and on their mobile devices including
 car configuration, generating quotations, and filling out applications. It is the ultimate origination application that enables users
 to compare, select and configure an asset using a mobile device anywhere, at any time and submit an accompanying financial product
 application. 

Mobile
 Account 

mAccount
 is a powerful, self-service mobile solution. It empowers the dealer with a powerful backend system and allows the customer to setup
 a secure account and view information 24/7 to keep track of contract status, resolve queries and make payments, reducing inbound
 calls for customer queries and improving turnaround time for repayments. 

4 

Mobile
 Point of Sale 

The
 mPOS application is a web and mobile-enabled platform featuring a customizable dashboard along with menu selling, application submission,
 loan calculator, work queues and detailed reporting. mPOS empowers the dealer to make the origination process quick and seamless,
 increasing overall productivity and system-wide efficiency. 

Mobile
 Dealer 

mDealer
 provides more visibility and control over inventories with minimal effort. Dealers can view their use of floor plan facility,
 stock status and financial conditions, while entering settlement requests or relocating assets. 

Mobile
 Auditor 

mAuditor
 schedules visits, records audit exceptions and tracks assets for higher levels of transparency. It also enables the auditor to conduct
 audits and submit results in real-time through quick audit processing tools, providing visibility and saving significant time. 

Mobile
 Collector 

mCollector
 empowers collections teams to do more, with an easy-to-use interface and intelligent architecture. The tool exponentially increases
 the productivity of field teams by enabling them to carry out all collection related tasks on the go. 

Mobile
 Field Investigator 

By
 using Mobile Field Investigator (mFI), the applicant has access to powerful features that permit detailed applicant field verifications
 on the go. The application features a reporting dashboard that displays progress stats, action items and the latest notifications,
 enabling the client to achieve daily goals while tracking performance. 

Otoz TM
 Digital Auto Retail and Mobility Orchestration 

Otoz TM
 provides a white-label SaaS platform to OEMs, finance companies, dealers, and start-ups that enables short and long-term on-demand
mobility models (subscriptions, rental and car-sharing) and digital retail. 

Our
turn-key platform helps automotive companies make a move into the digital era, addressing a range of customer segments with evolving
needs by offering them a seamless, omni-channel, end-to-end car buying and usage experience. It enables both direct-to-consumer transactions
as well as traditional dealer models with the option to add peer-to-peer market place functionalities for the future of EV pay-per-use
and mobility orchestration. 

Digital
auto-retail is not a one-size-fits-all. Otoz TM offers a flexible, configurable, and scalable platform along with a proven
launch strategy framework for auto companies that intend to launch and grow digital retail and mobility businesses quickly and seamlessly. 

Otoz TM
 Ecosystem 

Otoz TM
 is built on state-of-the-art technology, offering open Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) and ecosystem partner integrations
that are crucial to digital retail and mobility operations including finance and insurance providers, trade-in tools, KYC and fraud detection
tools, CRM systems, website providers (Tier 1 Tier 3), marketing toolkits, inventory feeds, pricing engines, tax engine, payment
processors, an insurance marketplace and vehicle delivery logistics providers. 

In
addition, Otoz TM is equipped with intelligent lead generation and product analytics capabilities, empowering dealerships with
the tools to track customer journeys, personalize customer engagements, and convert qualified leads. 

Otoz TM
 Platform 

A
fully digital, white-label platform for digital auto retail and mobility orchestration that delivers an intuitive and elegant user experience,
both online and offline. 

5 

Otoz TM
 expands into a comprehensive in-life subscription and rental platform that empowers in-life and end-of-life management of such
contracts. The platform s seamless handling of complex tax rules and contract management processes are compliant with local and
state standards for jurisdictions it operates in across the U.S. 

Otoz TM
 platform consists of two portals: 

Dealer/Admin
 Tool 

Customer
 Portal 

Dealer/Admin
Tool 

Account
 creation 

Order
 management work queue 

User
 roles and rights 

Tax
 configurator 

Customer
 KYC reports 

Vehicle
 delivery scheduling 

Payment
 gateways 

Inventory
 management 

Finance
 and insurance products feed and prioritization 

Accessories/add-on
 management and association 

Dealer
 fee management 

Ecosystem
 APIs 

DMS
 integrations 

Send
 referral 

Deal
 builder 

Customer
Portal 

Inventory
 search and selection 

Multi-lender
 capabilities 

Deal
 builder and personalized pricing for purchase, lease, finance, subscription, and rentals 

Dealer-Customer-Chat
 tool 

Buy
 finance and insurance products including collision liability insurance via integrated provider marketplaces 

Buy
 accessories 

License
 checks (paperless) 

Vehicle
 options and finance and insurance products 

Trade-in
 valuation 

Credit
 application and decision 

Paperless
 contracts and e-signing 

Digital
 payments 

Vehicle
 delivery and pick-up scheduling 

AppexNow 

NETSOL
introduced AppexNow - the first marketplace for API-first products specifically for the global credit, finance and leasing industry.
Two products have been launched under the umbrella of the AppexNow marketplace until now i.e. Flex and Hubex. NETSOL will introduce and
launch further products and services under this marketplace in the future. 

AppexNow:
Flex 

The
first product offering from the AppexNow marketplace, Flex is an API-based, ready-to-use calculation engine. It is a pure play SaaS product
that is cloud-based and can be integrated seamlessly into an organization s products, services and ecosystem. The calculation engine
intelligently adapts to demand by monitoring usage to maintain reliable and predictable performance at desired costs. It is a one-stop
solution that guarantees precise calculations at all stages of the contract lifecycle through various calculation types. 

6 

It
is a comprehensive solution which creates an ecosystem of value across multiple functions, systems and industries to fuel growth and
propel businesses into the future by increasing delivery efficiency and product management, centralization through a connected ecosystem
resulting in a higher ROI and a larger market share. 

Flex
proves versatility by covering all the calculation aspects ranging from the pricing for the end customer at inception, in-life financial
modifications, the re-creation of the repayment plan, termination, amortizations/re-amortizations, among other calculation types. All
the calculations are parameter-driven, which helps perform simple, multi-dimensional, or complex calculations based on the needs. 

AppexNow:
Hubex 

Hubex
is an API library that enables companies to standardize all their API integration procedures across multiple API services through a single
integration. Hubex is NETSOL s second product offering from the AppexNow marketplace following Flex. 

In
addition to traditional lending companies, Hubex can also streamline the operations of dealerships, vendors and consultants through an
API library. With a ready-to-use service, Hubex makes it easy for businesses to seamlessly connect with multiple APIs and achieve their
desired outcomes. Pre-integrated services in the Hubex library include, but are not limited to, payment processing, bank account authentication,
finance and insurance products, fraud check, KYC service, driver license verification, address validation, vehicle valuation and notification
service. 

Professional
Services 

NETSOL
offers professional services to organizations in different regions in order to enable them to meet their business objectives. These services
primarily consist of technical consultancy, web development, app development, digital marketing, cloud services, outsourcing and co-sourcing. 

Pertaining
to our professional services offerings, our highly skilled and experienced professionals include skilled software programmers, well-versed
business analysists, competent quality assurance engineers, technical and solution architects, project managers, cloud native developers
and architects, mobile/web app developers and automation specialists. 

We
enable businesses to employ the industry s best talent to help them develop and refine their technology strategy, innovate, execute
their roadmap and optimize service quality. 

Amazon
Web Services 

We
have expanded our footprint in the cloud services domain by offering services to the AWS community. We aim for our cloud services to
be well recognized, expanding our reach to relevant prospects. Since AWS is the most comprehensive and highly adopted cloud offering,
we are leveraging its power to ensure lower costs, increased agility, a secure environment, and innovative solutions across all domains. 

Our
AWS customer offerings include: analytics, data pipeline and big data services; application modernization services; database migration
and modernization; development operations; managed services; and, information security services. 

Artificial
Intelligence 

A
dedicated team is under the leadership of Dr. Ali Ahmed, Chief Data Scientist at NETSOL, to develop artificial intelligence and machine
learning solutions. With experience in machine learning, scientific computing and computer vision, Dr. Ahmed has extensive experience
in developing and implementing algorithms for industrial solutions in predictive maintenance. 

Our
AI team seeks to deploy AI solutions leveraging cutting-edge technologies to enable clients to optimize production, decrease downtime
and provide a holistic view of their business processes. 

IMPLEMENTATION
PROCESS 

The
implementation process of our products can span from three to fifteen months depending upon the methodology, complexity and scope. The
implementation process may also include related software services such as configuration, data migration, training, gaps development and
any other additional third-party interfaces. Even after implementation, customers constantly seek enhancements and additions to improve
their business processes and have changing requirements addressed at mutually agreed rates. 

7 

Post
implementation, our consultants may remain at the client site to assist the customer in smooth operations. After this phase, the regular
maintenance and support services phase for the implemented software begins in exchange for agreed subscriptions or support fees. In addition
to the daily rate paid by the customer for each consultant engaged, the customer also pays for all visa and transportation-related expenses,
boarding of the consultants, and a living allowance. Our involvement in all the above steps is suitably priced to bring value to our
customers and increase our profitability. 

Cloud-enabled
solutions are offered via seamless and rapid deployments. The swift speed of implementations for our cloud-ready products enables businesses
to be more responsive and attain a competitive advantage. 

PRICING
AND REVENUE STREAMS 

The
company s revenue streams are the outcome of the following four main areas: 

Product
 licensing 

Subscription-based
 pricing 

Implementation
 and customization-related services 

Post
 implementation, support-related services 

License
fees can range up to a multi-million-dollar fee for single or multiple module implementations. License revenue is realized with traditional,
non-SaaS-based agreements, whereas SaaS-based agreements do not contain license fees and are offered via flexible, value-driven, subscription-based
pricing. There are various attributes which determine the level of pricing complexity, a few of which are: number of contracts; size
of the portfolio; IT budgets; business strategy of the customer; internal business processes followed by the customer; number of business
users; amount of customization required; complexity of data migration and branch network of the customer. 

We
recognize revenue from license contracts when the software has been delivered to the customer. Implementation-related services, including
customization, configuration, data migration, training and third-party interfaces are recognized as the services are performed. Post
implementation support services are then provided on a continued basis. The annual support fee, which typically is an agreed upon percentage
of overall monetary value of the license, then becomes an ongoing revenue stream realized on a yearly basis. Revenue from software services
includes fixed price and time and materials-based contracts and is recognized as the services are performed. 

Additionally,
in order to avoid lumpiness in our revenues and to ensure a predictable revenue base over coming years, the business has shifted to a
pricing strategy whereby the business is now offering its cloud-ready products at SaaS/subscription-based pricing models. Rapid deployments
coupled with affordable prices/payment schedules is expected to lead the business towards volume-based selling. Moreover, this value-driven
pricing plan is intended to decrease the initial buy-in cost for new customers by eliminating heavy license fees, reducing the sales
cycles and providing an alternative to current customers seeking lower software usage and maintenance costs. 

ALLIANCES 

Daimler
South East Asia Pte. Ltd. DSEA ), (through the regional office Daimler Financial Services DFS Africa Asia
Pacific), has established a Centre of Competence CoC in Singapore to facilitate the regional companies
in product related matters. The DSEA CoC is powered by highly qualified technical and business personnel. In conjunction with our Asia
Pacific region, the CoC supports DFS companies in twelve different countries in Asia and Africa and this list can increase as more DFS
companies from other countries opt for NFS Ascent . In July 2004, the company entered into a Frame Agreement with DFS
for the Asia Pacific and Africa region. This agreement was renewed in 2008, 2010, 2013 and most recently in January 2016. The agreement
serves as a guideline for managing the business relationship with DFS and the use of licensed products of the company by DFS and its
affiliated companies. 

We
have a partnership with Microsoft to provide cloud-hosting activities for our cloud-based products. NETSOL hosts its cloud version of
Ascent, NFS Ascent deployed on the cloud and LeasePak Cloud - SaaS in the high performance and cost-effective Microsoft
Azure cloud environment. A quick start implementation program combined with hassle-free Microsoft Azure cloud connectivity ensures
new clients see a time-to-value faster than ever before. 

8 

TECHNICAL
AFFILIATIONS 

We
are a Microsoft Certified Silver Partner and an Oracle Certified Partner. For Amazon Web Services AWS ), we are a Select
Tier Partner, a Well Architected Partner and a Solution Provider under their AWS Partner Programs and Cloud Formation Delivery Service,
Lambda Delivery Service and API Gateway Delivery Service under AWS Service Delivery. 

MARKETING
AND SELLING 

We
continue our optimism that we will experience ever increasing opportunities for our product and services offerings in fiscal year 2024
and beyond. The objective of our marketing program is to create and sustain preference and loyalty for NETSOL. Marketing is performed
at the corporate and business unit levels. The corporate marketing department has overall responsibility for communications, advertising,
public relations and management of all digital owned and paid mediums including website, social media channels and collaboration with
industry partners. In addition, corporate marketing oversees central marketing and communications programs for use by each of the business
units. 

Our
dedicated marketing personnel, within the regions, undertake a variety of marketing activities, including sponsoring focused client events
to demonstrate our skills and products and participating in targeted conferences, webinars and holding private briefings with individual
companies. We believe that the industry focus of our sales professionals and our business unit marketing personnel enhances their knowledge
and expertise in these industries and will generate additional client engagements. 

GROWTH
PROSPECTS FOR NFS ASCENT 

Growth
prospects for NFS Ascent are linked to the constant innovation in the product and its growing customer base across different
geographic and product markets. We are eyeing key international markets for growth in sales. Our sales strategy not only focuses on expansion
into new geographic markets, including the Americas, Europe, and further penetration of our leading position in Asia Pacific, but also
within existing markets into new verticals with targeting of Tier 2 and Tier 3 prospects as well. 

Growth
in North America and Europe is expected to come from the potential market for replacement of legacy systems as well as acquisition of
new customers. NFS Ascent is aimed at providing a highly flexible and robust solution based on the latest technology
and advanced architecture for North American and European customers looking to replace their legacy systems. We believe that NFS Ascent 
 can provide substantial competitive disruption to the market s lagging technology provided by incumbent vendors. The existing
customer base may also represent latent demand for increased service and support revenues by offering business process optimization,
customization and upgrade services. With a market ready product with successful implementations, the prospects for NFS Ascent 
 in the region are positive. 

Further
traction in Europe will come from NFS Ascent deployed on the cloud, which will continue to allow the Europe division
to support not only larger organizations, but also small and medium sized organizations including startups. 

Growth
in our traditionally strong base in Asia Pacific is expected through diversification across market segments to include new customers
in related banking and commercial lending areas. At the same time, the existing customer base is tapped for increased service and support
revenues by offering enhanced features and new solutions to emerging customer needs. In addition, there is a potential for NFS Ascent 
 in Asia Pacific in the form of existing customers who are looking for replacement of their current system. 

In
China, we are a leader in the leasing and finance enterprise solution domain. With this position, we continue to enjoy demand for the
current NFS solution, as well as NFS Ascent . We will continue strengthening its position within existing multinational
auto manufacturers, as well as local Chinese captive finance and leasing companies. 

THE
MARKETS 

We
provide our services primarily to clients in global commercial industries. In the global commercial area, our service offerings are marketed
to clients in a wide array of industries including, automotive, banks and other financial lending service companies. 

The
Asian continent, including Australia and New Zealand, from the perspective of marketing, are targeted by the Asia Pacific Region from
our Bangkok, Beijing, Jakarta, Lahore, Shanghai, Tianjin and Sydney facilities. The marketing for our core offerings in the Americas
and Europe is carried out from our Austin, Texas and our London Metropolitan Area and Horsham offices, respectively. 

9 

PEOPLE
AND CULTURE 

Our
strong corporate culture is critical to our success. Our key values are delivering world-class quality solutions, client-focused timely
delivery, leadership, long-term relationships, creativity, transparency and professional growth. The services provided by NETSOL require
proficiency in many fields, such as software engineering, quality assurance, project management, business analysis, technical writing,
sales and marketing, communication and presentation skills. 

Due
to the growing demand for our core offerings and IT services, retention of quality, proven technical and management personnel is essential.
Our employee turnover rate was approximately 19 in
2023 with a goal to maintain the turnover rate under 21 during the 2024 fiscal year and
onwards. The turnover rates include employees leaving either voluntarily or involuntarily. In addition, we are committed to improving
key performance indicators such as efficiency, productivity and revenue per employee. 

To
encourage all employees to build on our core values, we reward teamwork and promote individuals that demonstrate these values. We believe
that our growth and success are attributable in large part to the high caliber of our employees and our commitment to maintain the values
on which our success has been based. We support diversity on a global basis. We are an equal opportunity employer with the largest concentration
of female employees in Lahore, Pakistan and our U.S. headquarters. 

We
believe we should give back to the community and employees as much as possible. Certain subsidiaries are located in regions where basic
services are not readily available. Where possible, we act to not only improve the quality of life of our employees, but also the standard
of living in these regions. Examples of such programs are as follows: 

Literacy
 Program: Launched to educate children of our unskilled staff, the main objective of this program is to enable them to acquire basic
 reading, writing and arithmetic skills. 

Higher
 Education and Science and Research Institutions: In order to support higher education in Pakistan, we have contributed endowments
 to NUST, Forman Christian College, and a few other universities who are focused on science and engineering. 

Noble
 Cause Fund: A noble cause fund has been established to meet medical and education expenses of the children of the lower paid employees.
 Our employees voluntarily contribute a fixed amount every month to the fund and NETSOL matches the employee subscriptions with an
 equivalent contribution amount. A portion of this fund is also utilized to support social needs of certain institutions and individuals,
 outside of NETSOL. 

Day
 Care Facility: Our human resources are our key assets and thus we take numerous steps to ensure the provision of basic comforts to
 our employees. In Pakistan, the provision of outside pre-school childcare is a rarity. With this in mind, a children s day
 care facility has been created near NETSOL s office in Lahore, Pakistan providing employees with peace of mind knowing their
 children are nearby and being taken care of by qualified staff in a child friendly facility. Due to COVID-19 restrictions, the facility
 is temporarily closed. 

Preventative
 Health Care Program: In addition to the comprehensive out-patient and in-patient medical benefits, preventive health care has also
 been introduced. This phased program focuses on vaccination of our employees against such diseases as Hepatitis A/B, Tetanus,
 Typhoid, Flu and COVID-19 on a routine basis. 

There
is significant competition for employees with the skills required to perform the services we offer. We run an elaborate training program
for different cadres of employees to cover technical skills and business domain knowledge, as well as communication, management and leadership
skills. We believe that we have been successful in our efforts to attract and retain the highest level of talent available, in part because
of the emphasis on core values, training and professional growth. We intend to continue to recruit, hire and promote employees who share
our vision. 

As
of June 30, 2023, we had approximately 1,770 employees ;
comprised of 76 technical staff and 24 non-IT personnel . 

COMPETITION 

No
company dominates the IT market in the space in which we compete. A substantial number of companies offer services that overlap and are
competitive with those offered by NETSOL. 

10 

We
compete chiefly against leading suppliers of IT solutions to the global asset finance and leasing industry, including, but not limited
to, Solifi, Alfa, Cassiopae, LineData, FIS, International Decision Systems (IDS) and Data Scan. 

In
the IT-based business services areas, we compete with both smaller local firms and many global IT services providers, including, but
not limited to, Wipro, InfoSys, Satyam Infoway, HCL and TCS (Tata Consulting). 

CUSTOMERS 

NETSOL s
solutions and services cater to a broad spectrum of finance and leasing businesses, from automotive captive finance companies to equipment
finance and leasing companies to large regional banks. 

NETSOL s
customers include world renowned auto manufacturers through their finance arms. NETSOL is a strategic business partner for Daimler and
BMW (which consists of a group of many companies in different countries), which accounts for approximately 28.6 and 7.9 , respectively,
of our revenue for our fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. Other globally renowned auto captives that are customers of the company include
Toyota, Nissan, Ford, and FIAT. 

Other
customers include equipment finance and leasing companies and banks worldwide. Some of these clients include Motorcycle Group, SCI Lease
Corp, Maple Commercial Finance and Yamaha Motor Finance. 

GLOBAL
OPERATIONS AND GEOGRAPHIC DATA 

NETSOL
divides its operations into three regions: the Americas, Europe, and Asia Pacific. The regions consist of individual subsidiaries which
operate as autonomous companies and are strategically managed on a regional basis. 

The
Americas 

Mr.
Peter Minshall, Executive Vice President at NetSol Technologies Americas, Inc. (NTA) is responsible for NTA s business operations.
He brings three decades of international experience in the financial services industry holding various senior leadership roles with Daimler
Financial Services. Peter continues to be supported by Doug Jones as Vice President - Operations for NTA. Doug is a driven technology
leader credited with shaping team performance to deliver best-in-class, leading web-based and embedded software applications for the
finance and leasing industry. 

Peter
is also supported by James Freto, who serves as Vice President Sales for NTA. Prior to his appointment, Freto worked for Fortune
500 financial product and services provider, FIS, as a Senior Sales Executive, selling origination and credit assessment solutions to
mid to large-size financial institutions in the banking and asset finance segments. Freto brings directly applicable sales experience
and subject matter expertise in key NETSOL markets. 

Peter
is further supported by Jay Edwards, who serves as Vice President Sales and Wholesale Product Manager for NetSol Technologies, Inc. Edwards
is a dynamic experienced fintech business leader with a highly successful track record in the information technology and financial services
industry, with a focus on digital transformation. He possesses strong professional skills in Business Development, Account Management,
IT Operations, eCommerce and Business Process Outsourcing. 

To
augment the AWS team, in the United States, Rajnish Harjika serves as VP Technology, Cloud Services. 

Otoz TM
 CEO and Co-founder, Mr. Naeem Ghauri, was recently appointed as Chairman for NetSol Technologies, Ltd., NetSol PK and is also the President of the parent company, NetSol Technologies, Inc. He is based in our Lahore, Pakistan office. 

Europe 

Mr.
Asad Ghauri is the President of Asia Pacific (APAC) and Group Managing Director of Europe. Mr. Ghauri has a strong management team in
the U.K. headed by Darryll Lewis who has served as Managing Director of NetSol Technologies Europe since May 2023. With over twenty years
in the receivables and asset finance software industry, Mr. Lewis is a highly experienced and accomplished leader with a track record
of driving business growth and creating innovative solutions for clients. Prior to joining NETSOL, Mr. Lewis has held executive roles
at several leading asset finance software companies where he led teams responsible for developing and implementing successful software
solutions. Mr. Lewis is supported by a seasoned team in finance, IT and client services. 

11 

NetSol
had previously acquired the remaining stake in Virtual Lease Services (VLS) - rebranded as Banking Works. Previously limited to being
a UK-based portfolio and risk management servicing partner for business and consumer finance providers, Banking Works focuses on supporting
financial services businesses to achieve their own transformation ambitions. Mark Cawood, an industry veteran, is the Managing Director,
while Diane Roberts serves as Director of Finance. 

Asia
Pacific Region 

NetSol
PK, a majority owned subsidiary of the parent company, is located in Lahore, Pakistan and is headed by Mr. Salim Ghauri as its CEO. Mr.
Ghauri is a Co-founder of NetSol PK and has been with the company since 1996. NetSol PK is the Center of Excellence and
a state-of-the-art facility for programming, R D, global implementations and 24-hour support to our customers worldwide. 

NetSol
Technologies (Beijing) Co. Ltd. NetSol Beijing is headed by Amanda Li as President. Ms. Li previously worked as a managing
director for Sopra Banking Software where she was instrumental in developing business and driving sales. Prior to Sopra Banking Software,
Ms. Li was Vice President of NetSol Beijing. 

NETSOL s
Head of Indonesia is Withoon Hardat. During his 12 years at NETSOL, before taking charge of the Indonesia office, he served as Client
Partner for the Thailand office as well as Director for Business Development for APAC. He also serves as the Head of Thailand. 

Most
recently serving as the Managing Director of NetSol Technologies Australia and New Zealand, Farooq Ghauri has newly been appointed as
Head of Sales for all Asian Markets (excluding China). He has played a vital role in NETSOL s global success through his hands-on
leadership and unrelenting drive to meet the needs of NETSOL s growing client base. Since he joined the company in 2004, Mr. Ghauri
has worked in NETSOL s Pakistan, China, Australia, Thailand and U.S. offices. 

The
Global Sales Division is headed by Mr. Asad Ghauri as President of Sales from the NetSol PK office. Mr. Ghauri has been with NETSOL since
2000 and has over 23 years of experience in business and IT. 

The
Asia Pacific region including Australia/New Zealand and the Middle East, is supported and clients are serviced from the APAC region offices
located in Sydney, Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Bangkok, Indonesia, Lahore and Karachi. Pakistan continues to be a nucleus of NETSOL s
delivery and research and development. With the continued growth of the Chinese market, our Beijing office continues to expand as both
a sales and support facility. Finally, the Asia Pacific region maintains and will establish offices through the region as is necessary
to support its customers and to explore potential new markets. 

Our
APAC Region accounted for approximately 67.8 of our revenues in 2023. Information regarding financial data by geographic areas is set
forth in Item 7 and Item 8 of this Annual Report on form 10-K. See note 20 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8. 

INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY 

NETSOL
relies upon a combination of non-disclosure and other contractual arrangements, as well as common law trade secret, copyright and trademark
laws to protect its proprietary rights. NETSOL enters into confidentiality agreements with its employees, generally requires its consultants
and clients to enter into these agreements, and limits access to and distribution of its proprietary information. The NETSOL N 
logo and name, as well as the NFS logo and product name have been copyrighted and trademark registered in Pakistan. The NETSOL N 
logo has been registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. NFS Ascent has been registered with the U.S. Patent
and Trademark Office. We filed an application for the OTOZ Name with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The Company intends to trademark
and copyright its intellectual property as necessary and in the appropriate jurisdictions. 

GOVERNMENTAL
APPROVAL AND REGULATION 

Current
Company operations do not require specific governmental approvals. Like all companies, including those with multinational subsidiaries,
we are subject to the laws of the countries in which we maintain subsidiaries and conduct operations. Pakistani law allows a tax exemption
on income from exports of IT services and products up to 2025. While foreign based companies may invest in Pakistan, repatriation of
their investment, in the form of dividends or other methods, requires approval of the State Bank of Pakistan. 

12 

AVAILABLE
INFORMATION 

Our
website is located at www.netsoltech.com , and our investor relations website is located at http://ir.netsoltech.com. The
following filings are available through our investor relations website after we file with the SEC: Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q, and our Proxy Statements for our annual meetings of stockholders. These filings are also available for download
free of charge on our investor relations website. We also provide a link to the section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov
 that has all of our public filings, including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form
8-K, all amendments to those reports, our Proxy Statements and other ownership related filings. Further, a copy of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K is located at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington D.C. 20549. Information on the operation
of the Public Reference Room can be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

We
webcast our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community on our investor relations
website. Additionally, we provide notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance, including SEC filings,
investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs as part of our investor relations website. Investors and others can receive notifications
of new information posted on our investor relations website by signing up for e-mail alerts. Further corporate governance information,
including our committee charters and code of conduct, is also available on our investor relations website at http://ir.netsoltech.com/governance-docs.
 The content of our websites is not intended to be incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other
report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

ITEM
1A - RISK FACTORS 

Pakistan 

The
political and economic environment in Pakistan may negatively affect the business. 

The
political unsteadiness delays governmental functions. If such unsteadiness continues in the long term, it could result in difficulty
in necessary interactions with the government as it relates to government contracts and personnel access to necessary government functions.
We anticipate that the political and governmental environment will remain unsteady until new elections are held. 

The
devaluation of the Pakistan Rupee in comparison to the US Dollars has an impact on the value of our contracts paid in Rupees. This coupled
with the higher-than-average inflation rate in Pakistan, may continue to negatively impact our largest subsidiary and accordingly the
Company s financials as a whole. 

China 

Political
tensions between the US and China have resulted in US companies exiting China and moving their supply chain requirements to other countries.
Other multinational companies have indicated concerns about transactions with US owned Chinese companies because of this continued tension.
Should these tensions result in disparate treatment of US owned subsidiaries, it could negatively impact our operations in China, our
ability to gain new business and the ability to transfer funds out of China. 

General
Economic Conditions 

General
economic conditions in our geographic markets; inflation, geopolitical tensions, including trade wars, tariffs and/or sanctions in geographic
areas; Global pandemics, including COVID-19; and global conflicts or disasters that impact the global economy or one or more sectors
of the global economy have negative impacts on our ability to acquire new business to and deliver on new business when contracted. 

Continued
interest rate increases by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board in 2023 restrict buying power for consumers and companies which may negatively
affect our customers profits and ability to acquire new or additional services. 

Inflation
and higher interest rates globally have greatly increased the cost of doing business, including salaries and benefits worldwide, affecting
our profitability. If inflation does not stabilize, our profitability can be impacted. . 

The
decline by over 20 in 2022 of the U.S. markets including the NASDAQ index and the Russell 2000 index, and any continued decline in our
stock price may limit access to capital markets. 

13 

Working
from the office might not return to pre-pandemic levels which may affect employee collaboration potentially lessening efficiency. Should
we fail to navigate this challenge, it could negatively affect productivity. 

ITEM
1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

ITEM
1C Cybersecurity 

Not
applicable 

ITEM
2 - PROPERTIES 

Our
corporate headquarters are located in Encino, California where we lease approximately 2,400 square feet of office space. We own our Lahore
Technology Campus which consists of approximately 140,000 square feet of computer and general office space. This includes two adjacent
five story buildings having a covered area of approximately 90,000 square feet with the capacity to house approximately 1,000 resources.
In addition, we maintain leased office spaces in the UK, China, Australia, Thailand and a shared office in Indonesia. Our NTA office
is located in Austin, Texas. We believe our existing facilities, both owned and leased, are in good condition and suitable for the conduct
of our business. 

ITEM
3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None 

ITEM
4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

14 

PART
II 

ITEM
5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITY 

(a)
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

MARKET
INFORMATION - Common stock of NetSol Technologies, Inc. is listed and traded on NASDAQ Capital Market under the ticker symbol NTWK . 

The
table shows the high and low intra-day prices of the Company s common stock as reported on the composite tape of the NASDAQ for
each quarter during the last two fiscal years. 

Fiscal
 Year 2023 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 3.80 
 2.75 
 
 Second Quarter 
 3.23 
 2.82 
 
 Third Quarter 
 3.25 
 2.53 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 3.30 
 2.11 

Fiscal
 Year 2022 
 High 
 Low 
 
 First Quarter 
 4.85 
 3.70 
 
 Second Quarter 
 5.65 
 3.85 
 
 Third Quarter 
 4.43 
 3.61 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 4.04 
 2.74 

RECORD
HOLDERS - As of September 15, 2023, the number of holders of record of the Company s common stock was 133. 

DIVIDENDS
- The Company has not paid dividends on its Common Stock in the past two fiscal years. 

SECURITIES
AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN 

The
table shows information related to our equity compensation plans as of June 30, 2023: 

Number
 of securities 
 to be issued upon 
 exercise of 
 outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 
 
 Weighted
 average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding 
 options, warrants 
 and rights 
 
 Number
 of 
 securities remaining 
 available for future 
 issuance under equity 
 compensation plans 
 (excluding securities 
 reflected in column (a) 
 
 Equity
 Compensation Plans approved by Security holders 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 363,687(1) 
 
 Equity
 Compensation Plans not approved by Security holders 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 Total 
 
 None 
 
 None 
 
 363,687 

(1) 
 Represents
 141 available for issuance under the 2005 Incentive and Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan, 57,124 under the 2013 Incentive and Nonstatutory
 Stock Option Plan and 306,422 under the 2015 Incentive and Nonstatutory Stock Option Plan. 

(b)
RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES 

None. 

(c)
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

None 

ITEM
6 [Reserved] 

15 

ITEM
7- MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion is intended to assist in understanding our financial position and results of operations for the year ended June
30, 2023. It should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under Item 8 of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

A
few of our highlights for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 were: 

We
 partnered with Amazon Web Services to offer cloud computing services, providing an innovative transformation of our cloud-based solutions.
 Since this launch, we have successfully signed our first customer, a leading software house based in the U.S. We achieved the status
 of API Gateway Delivery Partner with Amazon Web Services (AWS). With this extended APN partnership, we will have access to AWS API
 Gateway, a fully managed service that makes it easy for developers to create, publish, maintain, monitor, and secure APIs (application
 programming interfaces) at any scale. This partnership is expected to help the business generate new sales for this growth vertical. 

We
 signed a contract with a tier 1 automotive company in the U.S. for our mobility solution which will manage the back-office operations
 for vehicle subscriptions. 

We
 launched a new product offering Flex, which is a cloud-based ready-to-use calculation engine that guarantees precise calculations
 at all stages of the contract lifecycle. We successfully signed our first Flex contract with European Merchant Bank. 

We
 launched Hubex, an API library that enables companies to standardize their API integration procedures across multiple API services
 through a single integration. Hubex is our second product offering from the AppexNow marketplace following Flex, an API-based, ready-to-use
 calculation engine. Pre-integrated services in the Hubex library include but are not limited to payment processing, bank account
 authentication, finance and insurance products, fraud check, KYC service, driver license verification, address validation, vehicle
 valuation and notification service. 

Otoz 
 went live with its 55th dealer and is, now with dealers in 36 states. The onboarding of these new dealers will help the business
 generate approximately 1.1 million in annual recurring revenues. 

We
 effectively generated approximately 7.0 million by successfully implementing change requests from various customers across multiple
 regions. 

We
 successfully re-negotiated the extension of the contract with one of our existing bank customers in the UK. This extension is expected
 to generate nearly 2 million in revenues over the next few quarters. 

We
 successfully renegotiated an existing maintenance contract with a leading finance company of a U.S. based auto manufacturer in China
 increasing the annual maintenance fees to 500K from 280K. 

NetSol
 achieved the first Go-Live milestone for the finance company of a leading Swedish bank by effectively implementing its invoice factoring
 system. 

We
 signed a new agreement with Kubota Australia Pty Ltd Kubota to implement our NFS Ascent product.
 The contract relates to its operations in Australia and is expected to generate revenues of 5 million over 5 years. 

We
 established a new subsidiary in Dubai. This new company is strategically important for the business to penetrate into MENA (Middle
 East and North Africa) region. We expect the Dubai entity to serve as a regional sales and delivery office in medium to long run. 

We
 opened up a development and support center in Austin, Texas to support growth in North America partnering with consultants and system
 integrators like Amazon AWS to efficiently scale U.S. operations. 

We
 continued our successful implementations with DFS by going live in Japan with our NFS Ascent CMS system. 

16 

Marketing
and Business Development Activities 

Management
has developed a growth strategy aimed at increasing competitiveness, enhancing global delivery capabilities and increasing financial
strength to become a leading global IT institution in the leasing and finance space. 

The
growth strategy contemplates the following enhanced activities and initiatives to accomplish these goals: 

Build
 strong C-level executive professional teams in each key location to execute our long-term strategy. 

Develop
 and retain the next tier level management for leadership to navigate long term growth. 

Upgraded
 our offices in China to support the growing and existing client relationships and new client acquisitions in the region. 

Strengthen
 the NETSOL brand in the Americas and Europe and further penetrate the APAC markets such as China, Thailand, Indonesia, Japan, Australia
 and New Zealand. 

Maintain
 the quality of our delivery, after delivery support, and client relationships. 

Further
 penetration of NFS Ascent into the leasing and financing sectors in China, APAC, Europe and North America by focusing
 on multi-national auto captive Fortune 500 companies. 

Pursue
 a well thought out strategy to diversify into complimentary verticals by way of organic expansion, partnerships and synergistic M A. 

Continue
 to implement new tools, systems and processes, such as JIRA, and the Agile framework to further enhance productivity, efficiencies
 and operating margins. 

Offer
 a cloud enabled NFS Ascent at subscription-based pricing models to generate additional interest from prospects. 

Continue
 investing in our innovation lab to generate new verticals for the business. 

Growth
Prospects for NFS Ascent 

Growth
prospects for NFS Ascent are linked to the maturing of the product portfolio and its growing customer base across different
geographic and product markets. We are eyeing key international markets for growth in sales. Our sales strategy now carefully balances
expansion into new geographic markets, including the Americas, Europe, and further penetration of our leading position in Asia Pacific. 

Growth
in North America is expected to come from the potential market for replacement of legacy systems. NFS Ascent is aimed
at providing a highly flexible and robust solution based on the latest technology and advanced architecture for the North American customers
looking to replace their legacy systems. We believe that NFS Ascent can provide substantial competitive disruption to
the market s lagging technology provided by incumbent vendors. The existing customer base may also represent latent demand for
increased service and maintenance revenues by offering business process optimization, customization and upgrade services. 

Growth
in Europe will come from the introduction of NFS Ascent , which will allow NTE to support larger organizations than those
typically selecting the existing LeaseSoft product set, and opens the door for European expansion. This is designed to attract larger
license and professional services revenues across a wider geography. In addition, leveraging the core strengths of NFS Ascent 
 will increasingly provide opportunities in the automotive sector where NTE is currently underrepresented. 

Growth
in our traditionally strong base in Asia Pacific is expected through diversification across market segments to include new customers
in related banking and commercial lending areas. At the same time, the existing customer base is tapped for increased service and maintenance
revenues by offering enhanced features and new solutions to emerging customer needs. In addition, there is a potential for NFS Ascent 
 in Asia Pacific in the form of existing customers who are looking for replacement of their current system. 

In
China, we are a de facto leader in the leasing and finance enterprise solution domain. With this position, we continue to enjoy demand
for the current NFS solution, as well as NFS Ascent . We will continue strengthening our position within existing
multinational auto manufacturers, as well as, local Chinese captive finance and leasing companies. 

17 

MATERIAL
TRENDS AFFECTING NETSOL 

Management
has identified the following material trends affecting NetSol. 

Positive
trends: 

According
 to S P Global Mobility, new vehicles sales globally are expected to reach 84 million units in 2023 for a 5.6 increase. U.S.
 sales volumes are expected to reach approximately 15 million units, an estimated increase of 8 from the projected 2022 levels. 

Reduction
 of the U.S. inflation rate over the last few months to approximately 5 annually. 

The
 U.S. market remains strong and resilient for NetSol to continue investing in building local teams for its core offerings. 

NFS
 Ascent SaaS offerings and major on-premise license offerings are gaining traction in both mid and large size auto
 captives in the North American and European markets. 

The
 auto and banking sectors continue momentum towards increased mobility and digital solutions according to Forbes and Insider Intelligence
 2022. 

The
 China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) investment, initiated by China, has exceeded 65 billion investment, from the originally
 planned 46 billion, in Pakistan energy and infrastructure sectors. Last June, China authorized a new 2.3 billion loan at a discounted
 rate to Pakistan as a short-term loan. 

China s
 auto sector remains steady with government year-end incentives and customers requesting additional services reflecting the resilience
 of our offerings. 

Chinese
 auto sales rose 8.8 over a year earlier over the first half of 2023 as electric vehicle purchases surged. Total vehicle sales including
 trucks and buses rose 9.8 to 13.2 million (ABCnews.com July 2023). 

The
 overall size of the mobility market in the Europe and the United States is projected to increase over 425 billion combined, by 2035
 or a compound CAGR of 5 from 2022. source Deloitte Global Automotive Mobility Market Simulation Tool. 

The
 global automotive finance market accounted for 245 Billion in 2022 and is expected to more than double by 2035 at a CAGR of 7.4 .
 source: www.precedenceresearch.com 

Negative
trends: 

General
 economic conditions in our geographic markets; inflation, geopolitical tensions, including trade wars, tariffs and/or sanctions in
 geographic areas; Global pandemics, including COVID-19; and, global conflicts or disasters that impact the global economy or one
 or more sectors of the global economy. 

A
 global recession fear impacts the future expansions and budgets in every country and every sector. 

Continued
 interest rate increases by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board in 2023 restricting buying power for consumers. 

The
 negative currency impact on our financial statements due to the devaluation of the Pakistan Rupee in comparison to the US Dollar. 

Political,
 monetary and economic challenges and higher inflation rate than other regional countries impacting Pakistan exports. 

Inflation
 and higher interest rates globally have greatly increased the cost of doing business, including salaries and benefits worldwide,
 affecting profitability. 

18 

War
 and hostility between Russia and Ukraine continue to foster global uncertainty. 

The
 decline by over 20 in 2022 of the U.S. markets including the NASDAQ index and the Russell 2000 index limiting access to capital
 markets. 

Working
 from the office might not return to pre-pandemic levels which may affect employee collaboration potentially lessening efficiency. 

The
 Pakistan political and economic environment will likely remain unsteady until new elections are called. 

Continued
 tensions between the U.S. and China are causing some American companies to pull out of China and move their supply chain elsewhere.
 (Business Insider, Aug. 28, 2023). 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Our
financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP ). Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management s application
of accounting policies. Critical accounting policies for us include revenue recognition and multiple element arrangements, intangible
assets, software development costs, and goodwill. 

REVENUE
RECOGNITION 

The
Company determines revenue recognition through the following steps: 

Identification
 of the contract, or contracts, with a customer; 

Identification
 of the performance obligations in the contract; 

Determination
 of the transaction price; 

Allocation
 of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 

Recognition
 of revenue when, or as, the Company satisfies a performance obligation. 

The
Company records the amount of revenue and related costs by considering whether the entity is a principal (gross presentation) or an agent
(net presentation) by evaluating the nature of its promise to the customer. Revenue is presented net of sales, value-added and other
taxes collected from customers and remitted to government authorities. 

The
Company has two primary revenue streams: core revenue and non-core revenue. 

Core
Revenue 

The
Company generates its core revenue from the following sources: (1) software licenses; (2) services, which include implementation and
consulting services; and (3) subscription and support, which includes post contract support, of its enterprise software solutions for
the lease and finance industry. The Company offers its software using the same underlying technology via: a traditional on-premises licensing
model and a subscription model. The on-premises model involves the sale or license of software on a perpetual basis to customers who
take possession of the software and install and maintain the software on their own hardware. Under the subscription delivery model, the
Company provides access to its software on a hosted basis as a service and customers generally do not have the contractual right to take
possession of the software. 

Non-Core
Revenue 

The
Company generates its non-core revenue by providing business process outsourcing BPO ), other IT services and internet
services. 

Performance
Obligations 

A
performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of account under
Topic 606. The transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance
obligation is satisfied by transferring the promised good or service to the customer. The Company identifies and tracks the performance
obligations at contract inception so that the Company can monitor and account for the performance obligations over the life of the contract. 

19 

The
Company s contracts which contain multiple performance obligations generally consist of the initial purchase of subscription or
licenses and a professional services engagement. License purchases generally have multiple performance obligations as customers purchase
post contract support and services in addition to the licenses. The Company s single performance obligation arrangements are typically
post contract support renewals, subscription renewals and services engagements. 

For
contracts with multiple performance obligations where the contracted price differs from the standalone selling price SSP for any distinct good or service, the Company may be required to allocate the contract s transaction price to each performance
obligation using its best estimate for the SSP. 

Subscription 

Subscription
revenue is recognized ratably over the initial subscription period committed to by the customer commencing when the product is made available
to the customer. The initial subscription period is typically 12 to 60 months. The Company generally invoices its customers in advance
in quarterly or annual installments and typical payment terms provide that customers make payment within 30 days of invoice. 

Software
Licenses 

Transfer
of control for software is considered to have occurred upon delivery of the product to the customer. The Company s typical payment
terms tend to vary by region, but its standard payment terms are within 30 days of invoice. 

Post
Contract Support 

Revenue
from support services and product updates, referred to as subscription and support revenue, is recognized ratably over the term of the
maintenance period, which in most instances is one year. Software license updates provide customers with rights to unspecified software
product updates, maintenance releases and patches released during the term of the support period on a when-and-if available basis. The
Company s customers purchase both product support and license updates when they acquire new software licenses. In addition, a majority
of customers renew their support services contracts annually and typical payment terms provide that customers make payment within 30
days of invoice. 

Professional
Services 

Revenue
from professional services is typically comprised of implementation, development, data migration, training or other consulting services.
Consulting services are generally sold on a time-and-materials or fixed fee basis and can include services ranging from software installation
to data conversion and building non-complex interfaces to allow the software to operate in integrated environments. The Company recognizes
revenue for time-and-materials arrangements as the services are performed. In fixed fee arrangements, revenue is recognized as services
are performed as measured by costs incurred to date, compared to total estimated costs to complete the services project. Management applies
judgment when estimating project status and the costs necessary to complete the services projects. A number of internal and external
factors can affect these estimates, including labor rates, utilization and efficiency variances and specification and testing requirement
changes. Services are generally invoiced upon milestones in the contract or upon consumption of the hourly resources and payments are
typically due 30 days after invoice. 

BPO
and Internet Services 

Revenue
from BPO services is recognized based on the stage of completion which is measured by reference to labor hours incurred to date as a
percentage of total estimated labor hours for each contract. Internet services are invoiced either monthly, quarterly or half yearly
in advance to the customers and revenue is recognized ratably overtime on a monthly basis. 

Significant
Judgments 

More
judgments and estimates are required under Topic 606 than were required under Topic 605. Due to the complexity of certain contracts,
the actual revenue recognition treatment required under Topic 606 for the Company s arrangements may be dependent on contract-specific
terms and may vary in some instances. 

20 

Judgment
is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. The Company rarely licenses or sells products on a stand-alone
basis, so the Company is required to estimate the range of SSPs for each performance obligation. In instances where SSP is not directly
observable because the Company does not sell the license, product or service separately, the Company determines the SSP using information
that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. In making these judgments, the Company analyzes various factors, including
its pricing methodology and consistency, size of the arrangement, length of term, customer demographics and overall market and economic
conditions. Based on these results, the estimated SSP is set for each distinct product or service delivered to customers. 

The
most significant inputs involved in the Company s revenue recognition policies are: The (1) stand-alone selling prices of the Company s
software license, and (2) the method of recognizing revenue for installation/customization, and other services. 

The
stand-alone selling price of the licenses was measured primarily through an analysis of pricing that management evaluated when quoting
prices to customers. Although the Company has no history of selling its software separately from post contract support and other services,
the Company does have historical experience with amending contracts with customers to provide additional modules of its software or providing
those modules at an optional price. This information guides the Company in assessing the stand-alone selling price of the Company s
software, since the Company can observe instances where a customer had a particular component of the Company s software that was
essentially priced separate from other goods and services that the Company delivered to that customer. 

The
Company recognizes revenue from implementation and customization services using the percentage of estimated man-days that
the work requires. The Company believes the level of effort to complete the services is best measured by the amount of time (measured
as an employee working for one day on implementation/customization work) that is required to complete the implementation or customization
work. The Company reviews its estimate of man-days required to complete implementation and customization services each reporting period. 

Revenue
is recognized over time for the Company s subscription, post contract support and fixed fee professional services that are separate
performance obligations. For the Company s professional services, revenue is recognized over time, generally using costs incurred
or hours expended to measure progress. Judgment is required in estimating project status and the costs necessary to complete projects.
A number of internal and external factors can affect these estimates, including labor rates, utilization, specification variances and
testing requirement changes. 

If
a group of agreements are entered at or near the same time and so closely related that they are, in effect, part of a single arrangement,
such agreements are deemed to be combined as one arrangement for revenue recognition purposes. The Company exercises significant judgment
to evaluate the relevant facts and circumstances in determining whether agreements should be accounted for separately or as a single
arrangement. The Company s judgments about whether a group of contracts comprise a single arrangement can affect the allocation
of consideration to the distinct performance obligations, which could have an effect on results of operations for the periods involved. 

If
a contract includes variable consideration, the Company exercises judgment in estimating the amount of consideration to which the entity
will be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to a customer. When estimating variable consideration, the
Company will consider all relevant facts and circumstances. Variable consideration will be estimated and included in the contract price
only when it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of revenue recognized will not occur. 

Contract
Balances 

The
timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers and these timing differences result in receivables,
contract assets (revenues in excess of billings), or contract liabilities (unearned revenue) on the Company s Consolidated Balance
Sheets. The Company records revenues in excess of billings when the Company has transferred goods or services but does not yet have the
right to consideration. The Company records unearned revenue when the Company has received or has the right to receive consideration
but has not yet transferred goods or services to the customer. 

Unearned
Revenue 

The
Company typically invoices its customers for subscription and support fees in advance on a quarterly or annual basis, with payment due
at the start of the subscription or support term. Unpaid invoice amounts for non-cancellable license and services starting in future
periods are included in accounts receivable and unearned revenue. 

21 

Practical
Expedients and Exemptions 

There
are several practical expedients and exemptions allowed under Topic 606 that impact timing of revenue recognition and the Company s
disclosures. The Company has applied the following practical expedients: 

The Company does not evaluate a contract for a significant financing component if payment is expected within one year or less from the
transfer of the promised items to the customer. 

The Company generally expenses sales commissions and sales agent fees when incurred when the amortization period would have been one
year or less or the commissions are based on cashed received. These costs are recorded within sales and marketing expense in the Consolidated
Statement of Operations. 

The Company does not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts for which the Company recognizes revenue
at the amount to which it has the right to invoice for services performed (applies to time-and-material engagements). 

Costs
to Obtain a Contract 

The
Company does not have a material amount of costs to obtain a contract capitalized at any balance sheet date. In general, we incur few
direct incremental costs of obtaining new customer contracts. We rarely incur incremental costs to review or otherwise enter into contractual
arrangements with customers. In addition, our sales personnel receive fees that we refer to as commissions, but that are based on more
than simply signing up new customers. Our sales personnel are required to perform additional duties beyond new customer contract inception
dates, including fulfillment duties and collections efforts. 

INTANGIBLE
ASSETS 

Intangible
assets consist of product licenses, renewals, enhancements, copyrights, trademarks, trade names, and customer lists. Intangible assets
with finite lives are amortized over the estimated useful life and are evaluated for impairment at least on an annual basis and whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We assess recoverability by determining whether
the carrying value of such assets will be recovered through the undiscounted expected future cash flows. If the future undiscounted cash
flows are less than the carrying amount of these assets, we recognize an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying amount over
the fair value of the assets. 

SOFTWARE
DEVELOPMENT COSTS 

Costs
incurred to internally develop computer software products or to enhance an existing product are recorded as research and development
costs and expensed when incurred until technological feasibility for the respective product is established. Thereafter, all software
development costs are capitalized and reported at the lower of unamortized cost or net realizable value. Capitalization ceases when the
product or enhancement is available for general release to customers. 

The
Company makes on-going evaluations of the recoverability of its capitalized software projects by comparing the amount capitalized for
each product to the estimated net realizable value of the product. If such evaluations indicate that the unamortized software development
costs exceed the net realizable value, the Company writes off the amount which the unamortized software development costs exceed net
realizable value. Capitalized and purchased computer software development costs are being amortized ratably based on the projected revenue
associated with the related software or on a straight-line basis. 

STOCK-BASED
COMPENSATION 

Our
stock-based compensation expense is estimated at the grant date based on the award s fair value as calculated by the Black-Scholes-Merton
(BSM) option pricing model and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. The BSM model requires various highly judgmental
assumptions including expected volatility and expected term. If any of the assumptions used in the BSM model changes significantly, stock-based
compensation expense may differ materially in the future from that recorded in the current period. In addition, we are required to estimate
the expected forfeiture rate and only recognize expense for those shares expected to vest. We estimate the forfeiture rate based on historical
experience and our expectations regarding future pre-vesting termination behavior of employees. To the extent our actual forfeiture rate
is different from our estimate; stock-based compensation expense is adjusted accordingly. 

GOODWILL 

Goodwill
represents the excess of the aggregate purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired in a purchase business combination.
Goodwill is reviewed for impairment on an annual basis, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of goodwill may be impaired. In conducting its annual impairment test, the Company first
reviews qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its
carrying amount. If factors indicate that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the Company performs
a quantitative assessment and the fair value of the reporting unit is determined by analyzing the expected present value of future cash
flows. If the carrying value of the reporting unit continues to exceed its fair value, the fair value of the reporting unit s goodwill
is calculated and an impairment loss equal to the excess is recorded. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncement 

See
Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of Part
II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption. 

22 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS 

THE
YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 COMPARED TO THE YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 2022 

The
following table sets forth the items in our consolidated statement of operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 as a percentage
of revenues. 

For the Years 

Ended
 June 30, 

2023 
 
 2022 

Net Revenues: 

License fees 
 2,269,564 
 4.3 
 4,539,260 
 7.9 
 
 Subscription and support 
 25,980,661 
 49.6 
 28,284,759 
 49.4 
 
 Services 
 24,142,990 
 46.1 
 24,423,960 
 42.7 
 
 Total net revenues 
 52,393,215 
 100.0 
 57,247,979 
 100.0 

Cost of revenues 
 35,477,652 
 67.7 
 33,510,805 
 58.5 
 
 Gross profit 
 16,915,563 
 32.3 
 23,737,174 
 41.5 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 
 24,093,908 
 46.0 
 23,473,343 
 41.0 
 
 Research and development
 cost 
 1,601,613 
 3.1 
 1,342,154 
 2.3 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 
 25,695,521 
 49.0 
 24,815,497 
 43.3 

Loss from operations 
 (8,779,958 
 -16.8 
 (1,078,323 
 -1.9 
 
 Other income and (expenses) 

Interest expense 
 (765,030 
 -1.5 
 (369,801 
 -0.6 
 
 Interest income 
 1,217,850 
 2.3 
 1,655,883 
 2.9 
 
 Gain (loss) on foreign
 currency exchange transactions 
 6,748,038 
 12.9 
 4,327,590 
 7.6 
 
 Share of net loss from
 equity investment 
 (1,033,243 
 -2.0 
 (2,021,480 
 -3.5 
 
 Other
 income (expense) 
 (605,570 
 -1.2 
 (424,128 
 -0.7 
 
 Total
 other income (expenses) 
 5,562,045 
 10.6 
 3,168,064 
 5.5 

Net income (loss) before
 income taxes 
 (3,217,913 
 -6.1 
 2,089,741 
 3.7 
 
 Income
 tax provision 
 (926,560 
 -1.8 
 (988,938 
 -1.7 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 (4,144,473 
 -7.9 
 1,100,803 
 1.9 
 
 Non-controlling
 interest 
 (1,099,275 
 -2.1 
 (1,951,959 
 -3.4 
 
 Net
 income (loss) attributable to NetSol 
 (5,243,748 
 -10.0 
 (851,156 
 -1.5 

Net income (loss) per share: 

Net income (loss) per common
 share 

Basic 
 (0.46 
 
 (0.08 

Diluted 
 (0.46 
 
 (0.08 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Basic 
 11,279,966 
 
 11,250,219 

Diluted 
 11,279,966 
 
 11,250,219 

23 

A
significant portion of our business is conducted in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We operate in several geographical regions
as described in Note 20 Segment Information and Geographic Areas within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
Weakening of the value of the U.S. dollar compared to foreign currency exchange rates generally has the effect of increasing our revenues
but also increasing our expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Similarly, strengthening of the U.S. dollar compared
to foreign currency exchange rates generally has the effect of reducing our revenues but also reducing our expenses denominated in currencies
other than the U.S. dollar. We plan our business accordingly by deploying additional resources to areas of expansion, while continuing
to monitor our overall expenditures given the economic uncertainties of our target markets. In order to provide a framework for assessing
how our underlying businesses performed excluding the effect of foreign currency fluctuations, we compare the changes in results from
one period to another period using constant currency. In order to calculate our constant currency results, we apply the current period
results to the prior period foreign currency exchange rates. In the table below, we present the change based on actual results in reported
currency and in constant currency. 

Favorable 
 Favorable 
 Total 

(Unfavorable) 
 (Unfavorable) 
 Favorable 

For the Years 
 Change in 
 Change due 
 (Unfavorable) 

Ended
 June 30, 
 Constant 
 to Currency 
 Change
 as 

2023 
 
 2022 
 
 Currency 
 Fluctuation 
 Reported 

Net Revenues: 
 52,393,215 
 100.0 
 57,247,979 
 100.0 
 (2,589,689 
 (2,265,075 
 (4,854,764 

Cost of revenues: 
 35,477,652 
 67.7 
 33,510,805 
 58.5 
 (11,939,512 
 9,972,665 
 (1,966,847 

Gross profit 
 16,915,563 
 32.3 
 23,737,174 
 41.5 
 (14,529,201 
 7,707,590 
 (6,821,611 

Operating expenses: 
 25,695,521 
 49.0 
 24,815,497 
 43.3 
 (5,603,576 
 4,723,552 
 (880,024 

Income (loss) from operations 
 (8,779,958 
 -16.8 
 (1,078,323 
 -1.9 
 (20,132,777 
 12,431,142 
 (7,701,635 

Net
revenues for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 by segment are as follows: 

2023 
 
 2022 

Revenue 
 
 Revenue 

North America 
 6,117,282 
 11.7 
 4,288,008 
 7.5 
 
 Europe 
 10,758,444 
 20.5 
 10,428,203 
 18.2 
 
 Asia-Pacific 
 35,517,489 
 67.8 
 42,531,768 
 74.3 
 
 Total 
 52,393,215 
 100.0 
 57,247,979 
 100.0 

Revenues 

License
Fees 

License
fees for the year ended June 30, 2023 were 2,269,564 compared to 4,539,260 for the year ended June 30, 2022 reflecting a decrease of
 2,269,696 with a change in constant currency of 2,144,206. In the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, we recognized approximately 1,918,000
related to a new NFS Ascent agreement with Kubota in Australia and approximately 188,000 related to a new agreement
with the Government of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa for the sale of our Ascent product. In the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022,
we recognized approximately 3,000,000 related to a new agreement with DTFS for the sale of both our legacy and Ascent product 
 for their new business segment in the Japanese, Australian and South African markets and 465,000 from the DFS contract. We also
recognized approximately 720,000 related to a new agreement with the Government of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa for the sale of our Ascent product . 

24 

Subscription
and Support 

Subscription
and support fees for the year ended June 30, 2023, were 25,980,661 compared to 28,284,759 for the year ended June 30, 2022 reflecting
a decrease of 2,304,098 with a decrease in constant currency of 1,613,325. The decrease was due to the recognition of a one-time post
contract support revenue of approximately 3,480,000 using the catch-up approach during the year ended June 30, 2022. Subscription and
support fees are recurring in nature, and we anticipate these fees to gradually increase as we implement both our NFS legacy products
and NFS Ascent . 

Services 

Services
income for the year ended June 30, 2023, was 24,142,990 compared to 24,423,960 for the year ended June 30, 2022, reflecting a decrease
of 280,970 with an increase in constant currency of 1,167,842. The increase in services revenue on a constant currency basis is due
to the increase in change requests, enhancements and reimbursable costs. Services revenue is derived from
services provided to both current customers as well as services provided to new customers as part of the implementation process. 

Gross
Profit 

The
gross profit was 16,915,563 for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared with 23,737,174 for the year ended June 30, 2022. This is a decrease
of 6,821,611 with a decrease in constant currency of 14,529,201. The gross profit percentage for the year ended June 30, 2023 decreased
to 32.3 from 41.5 for the year ended June 30, 2022. The cost of sales was 35,477,652 for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to
 33,510,805 for the year ended June 30, 2022 for an increase of 1,966,847 and on a constant currency basis an increase of 11,939,512.
As a percentage of sales, cost of sales increased from 58.5 for the year ended June 30, 2022 to 67.7 for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Salaries
and consultant fees increased by 1,501,361 from 24,528,155 for the year ended June 30, 2022 to 26,029,516 for the year ended June
30, 2023 and on a constant currency basis increased by 8,625,137. The increase is due to increases in salaries and personnel. For
fiscal years 2023 and 2022, we had an average of 1,505 and 1,225 technical employees, respectively. As of June 30, 2023, our total
number of technical employees decreased to 1,415 from a maximum of 1,579. As a percentage of sales, salaries and consultant expense
increased from 42.9 for the year ended June 30, 2022 to 49.7 for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Travel
increased by 1,373,418 from 1,036,623 for the year ended June 30, 2022 to 2,410,041 for the year ended June 30, 2023 and on a constant
currency basis increased by 2,052,110. The increase in travel expense is due to the increase in travel as countries begin lifting travel
restrictions. As a percentage of sales, travel expense
increased from 1.8 for year ended June 30, 2022 to 4.6 for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Depreciation
and amortization expense decreased to 2,504,046 compared to 2,949,093 for the year ended June 30, 2022 or a decrease of 445,057 and
on a constant currency basis an increase of 517,294. 

Other
cost decreased to 4,534,049 for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to 4,996,934 for the year ended June 30, 2022 or a decrease of
 462,885 and on a constant currency basis an increase of 744,971. The increase in constant currency is mainly due to increase in computer
cost of approximately 503,000, connectivity charges of approximately 186,000, utilities and communication costs of approximately 293,000
off set by the reversal of royalty fee of approximately 162,000, and a decrease in repair and maintenance cost of approximately 140,000. 

25 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses were 25,695,521 for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to 24,815,497, for the year ended June 30, 2022 for an increase
of 3.6 or 880,024 and on a constant currency basis an increase of 22.6 or 5,603,576. As a percentage of sales, it increased from
43.4 to 49.0 . The increase in operating expenses was primarily due to increases in selling expenses, general and administrative expenses
and research and development costs. 

Selling
and marketing expenses decreased by 111,542 or 1.6 and on a constant currency basis increased by 1,333,881 or 18.5 . The increase
in constant currency is mainly due to increases in salaries of approximately 928,000, travel of approximately 271,000 and other selling
expenses of approximately 133,000. 

General
and administrative expenses were 16,244,936 for the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to 15,390,141 at June 30, 2022 or an increase
of 854,795 or 5.6 , and on a constant currency basis an increase of 3,359,080 or 21.8 . During the year ended June 30, 2023, salaries
decreased by approximately 237,675 or increased by approximately 1,310,485 on a constant currency basis, due to increases in salaries,
medical costs and subsidiary options granted to staff in NetSol PK. The provision for doubtful accounts increased by approximately 1,700,000
and on constant currency basis increased by approximately 1,800,000 primarily due to non-payment from one of our Chinese customers. 

Research
and development costs were 1,601,613 for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to 1,342,154 for the year ended June 30, 2022 or an
increase of 259,459 or 19.3 and on constant currency basis an increase of 854,083 or 63.6 . 

Income/Loss
from Operations 

Loss
from operations was 8,779,958 for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to a loss of 1,078,323 for the year ended June 30, 2022. This
represents an increase in loss of 7,701,635 with an increase of 20,132,777 on a constant currency basis for the year ended June 30,
2023 compared with the year ended June 30, 2022. As a percentage of sales, loss from operations was 16.8 for the year ended June 30,
2023 compared to 1.9 for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Other
Income and Expense 

Other
income was 5,562,045 for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to 3,168,064 for the year ended June 30, 2022. This represents an increase
of 2,393,981 with an increase of 5,469,614 on a constant currency basis. The increase is primarily due to the foreign currency exchange
transactions off set by recording other comprehensive loss and an impairment in our Drivemate investment and an increase in interest
expense. 

Interest
income was 1,217,850 for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to 1,655,883 for the period ended June 30, 2022. This represents a decrease
of 438,033 or a change of 2,959 on a constant currency basis. Interest income is earned on cash maintained in interest bearing accounts. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, we recognized a gain of 6,748,038 in foreign currency exchange transactions compared to 4,327,590 for
the year ended June 30, 2022. The majority of the contracts with NetSol PK are either in U.S. dollars or Euros; therefore, the currency
fluctuations will lead to foreign currency exchange gains or losses depending on the value of the PKR compared to the U.S. Dollar and
the Euro. During the year ended June 30, 2023, the value of the U.S. dollar and the Euro increased 39.8 and 45.6 , respectively, compared
to the PKR. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the value of the U.S. dollar and the Euro increased 29.9 and 14.9 , respectively, compared
to the PKR. 

The
share of net loss from equity investment was 1,033,243 for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to 2,021,480 for the period ended
June 30, 2022. This represents a decrease of 988,237 or a change of 986,639 on a constant currency basis. During the year ended June
30, 2023, we recorded an impairment of approximately 1,041,000 on our investment in Drivemate. During the year ended June 30, 2022,
we recorded an impairment of approximately 1,617,000 related to our investments in WRLD3D and Drivemate. 

Included
in other expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023 is 324,000 and 650,000 related to other comprehensive loss on liquidation of NTPK
Thailand and WRLD3D, respectively. These amounts were reclassified from other comprehensive income to the statement of operations for
the year ended June 30, 2023. 

26 

Non-controlling
Interest 

For
the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the net income attributable to non-controlling interest was 1,099,275 and 1,951,959, respectively.
The decrease in non-controlling interest is primarily due to the decrease in net income of NetSol PK. 

Net
Income (Loss) Attributable to NetSol 

Net
loss was 5,243,748 for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to a net loss of 851,156 for the year ended June 30, 2022. This is an
increase in loss of 4,392,592 with an increase of 11,427,411 on a constant currency basis, compared to the prior year. For the year
ended June 30, 2023, net loss per share was 0.46 for basic and diluted shares. For the year ended June 30, 2022, net loss per share
was 0.08 for basic and diluted shares. 

Non-GAAP
Financial Measures 

Regulation
S-K Item 10(e), Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures in Commission Filings, defines and prescribes the conditions for use
of non-GAAP financial information. Our measures of adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA per basic and diluted share meet the definition
of a non-GAAP financial measure. 

We
define the non-GAAP measures as follows: 

EBITDA
 is GAAP net income before net interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization. 

Non-GAAP
 adjusted EBITDA is EBITDA plus stock-based compensation expense. 

Adjusted
 EBITDA per basic and diluted share Adjusted EBITDA allocated to common stock divided by the weighted average shares outstanding
 and diluted shares outstanding. 

We
use non-GAAP measures internally to evaluate the business and believe that presenting non-GAAP measures provides useful information to
investors regarding the underlying business trends and performance of our ongoing operations as well as useful metrics for monitoring
our performance and evaluating it against industry peers. The non-GAAP financial measures presented should be used in addition to, and
in conjunction with, results presented in accordance with GAAP, and should not be relied upon to the exclusion of GAAP financial measures.
Management strongly encourages investors to review our consolidated financial statements in their entirety and not to rely on any single
financial measure in evaluating the Company. 

The
non-GAAP measures reflect adjustments based on the following items: 

EBITDA :
We report EBITDA as a non-GAAP metric by excluding the effect of net interest expense, income tax expense, depreciation and amortization
from net income because doing so makes internal comparisons to our historical operating results more consistent. In addition, we believe
providing an EBITDA calculation is a more useful comparison of our operating results to the operating results of our peers. 

Stock-based
compensation expense : We have excluded the effect of stock-based compensation expense from the non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP
adjusted EBITDA per basic and diluted share calculations. Although stock-based compensation expense is calculated in accordance with
current GAAP and constitutes an ongoing and recurring expense, such expense is excluded from non-GAAP results because it is not an expense
which generally requires cash settlement by NetSol, and therefore is not used by us to assess the profitability of our operations. We
also believe the exclusion of stock-based compensation expense provides a more useful comparison of our operating results to the operating
results of our peers. 

Non-controlling
interest: We add back the non-controlling interest in calculating gross adjusted EBITDA and then subtract out the income taxes, depreciation
and amortization and net interest expense attributable to the non-controlling interest to arrive at a net adjusted EBITDA. 

27 

Our
reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures of adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP earnings per basic and diluted share to the most comparable
GAAP measures for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 are as follows: 

For the Years 

Ended
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

Net Income (loss) attributable
 to NetSol 
 (5,243,748 
 (851,156 
 
 Non-controlling interest 
 1,099,275 
 1,951,959 
 
 Income taxes 
 926,560 
 988,938 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 3,244,538 
 3,812,273 
 
 Interest expense 
 765,030 
 369,801 
 
 Interest
 (income) 
 (1,217,850 
 (1,655,883 
 
 EBITDA 
 (426,195 
 4,615,932 
 
 Add back: 

Non-cash
 stock-based compensation 
 317,451 
 104,347 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA, gross 
 (108,744 
 4,720,279 
 
 Less non-controlling
 interest (a) 
 (2,154,850 
 (2,903,457 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA, net 
 (2,263,594 
 1,816,822 

Weighted Average number of shares outstanding 

Basic 
 11,279,966 
 11,250,219 
 
 Diluted 
 11,279,966 
 11,250,219 

Basic adjusted EBITDA 
 (0.20 
 0.16 
 
 Diluted adjusted EBITDA 
 (0.20 
 0.16 

(a)The reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA of
 non-controlling interest to net income attributable to non-controlling interest is as follows 

Net Income (loss) attributable to non-controlling
 interest 
 1,099,275 
 1,951,959 
 
 Income Taxes 
 253,158 
 258,468 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 905,002 
 1,096,709 
 
 Interest expense 
 237,162 
 109,361 
 
 Interest
 (income) 
 (369,197 
 (526,567 
 
 EBITDA 
 2,125,400 
 2,889,930 
 
 Add back: 

Non-cash
 stock-based compensation 
 29,450 
 13,527 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA of non-controlling
 interest 
 2,154,850 
 2,903,457 

28 

LIQUIDITY
AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Our
cash position was 15,533,254 at June 30, 2023, compared to 23,963,797 at June 30, 2022. 

Net
cash provided by operating activities was 2,009,571 for the year ended June 30, 2023 compared to 3,060,622 for the year ended June
30, 2022. At June 30, 2023, we had current assets of 41,603,867 and current liabilities of 20,769,234. We had accounts receivable of
 11,714,422 at June 30, 2023 compared to 8,669,202 at June 30, 2022. We had revenues in excess of billings of 12,377,677 at June 30,
2023 compared to 15,425,377 at June 30, 2022 of which nil and 853,601 are shown as long term as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
The long-term portion was discounted by nil and 28,339 at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, using the discounted cash flow method
with an interest rate of 4.35 , for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. During the year ended June 30, 2023, our revenues in excess
of billings were reclassified to accounts receivable pursuant to billing requirements detailed in each contract. The combined totals
for accounts receivable and revenues in excess of billings slightly decreased by 2,480 from 24,094,579 at June 30, 2022 to 24,092,099
at June 30, 2023. Accounts payable and accrued expenses, and current portions of loans and lease obligations amounted to 6,552,181 and
 5,779,510, respectively, at June 30, 2023. Accounts payable and accrued expenses, and current portions of loans and lease obligations
amounted to 6,813,541 and 8,567,145, respectively, at June 30, 2022. The average days sales outstanding for the years ended June 30,
2023 and 2022 were 168 and 140 days respectively. The days sales outstanding have been calculated by taking into consideration the average
combined balances of accounts receivable and revenue in excess of billings. 

Net
cash used by investing activities amounted to 1,399,231 for the year ended June 30, 2023, compared to 2,260,147 for the year ended
June 30, 2022. We had net purchases of property and equipment of 1,399,231 compared to 2,260,147 for the comparable period last fiscal
year. 

Net
cash used in financing activities was 718,992 compared to 1,378,721, for the years ended June 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. During
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, our subsidiaries used cash of 61,124 and 950,352, respectively, for the purchase of treasury
shares. During the year ended June 30, 2022, we purchased 22,510 shares of our common stock from the open market for 100,106. The year
ended June 30, 2023, included cash inflow of 270,292 from bank proceeds compared to 941,841 for the same period last year. During the
year ended June 30, 2023, we had net payments for bank loans and capital leases of 928,160 compared to 1,270,104 for the year ended
June 30, 2022. We are operating in various geographical regions of the world through our various subsidiaries. Those subsidiaries have
financial arrangements from various financial institutions to meet both their short and long-term funding requirements. These loans will
become due at different maturity dates as described in Note 15 of the financial statements. We are in compliance with the covenants of
the financial arrangements and there is no default which may lead to early payment of these obligations. We anticipate paying back all
these obligations on their respective due dates. 

We
typically fund the cash requirements for our operations in the U.S. through our license, services, and maintenance agreements, intercompany
charges for corporate services, and through the exercise of options. As of June 30, 2023, we had approximately 15.5 million of cash,
cash equivalents and marketable securities of which approximately 13.5 million is held by our foreign subsidiaries. As of June 30, 2022,
we had approximately 24.0 million of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of which approximately 22.8 million was held
by our foreign subsidiaries. 

We
remain open to strategic relationships that would provide value added benefits. The focus will remain on continuously improving cash
reserves internally. 

As
a growing company, we have on-going capital expenditure needs based on our short term and long-term business plans. Although our requirements
for capital expenses vary from time to time, for the next 12 months, we anticipate needing working capital of 2 to 3 million for APAC,
U.S. and European new business development activities and infrastructure enhancements. 

29 

Financial
Covenants 

Our
UK based subsidiary, NTE, has an approved overdraft facility of 300,000 379,747) which requires that the aggregate amount of
invoiced trade debtors (net of provisions for bad and doubtful debts and excluding intra-group debtors) of NTE, not exceeding 90 days
old, will not be less than an amount equal to 200 of the facility. The Pakistani subsidiary, NetSol PK has an approved facility for
export refinance from Askari Bank Limited amounting to Rupees 500 million 1,741,493) and a running finance facility of Rupees 53.6
million 186,688). NetSol PK has an approved facility for export refinance from another Habib Metro Bank Limited amounting to Rupees
900 million 3,134,687). These facilities require NetSol PK to maintain a long-term debt equity ratio of 60:40 and the current ratio
of 1:1. NetSol PK also has an approved export refinance facility of Rs. 380 million 1,323,535) from Samba Bank Limited. During the
tenure of loan, these two facilities require NetSol PK to maintain at a minimum a current ratio of 1:1, an interest coverage ratio of
4 times, a leverage ratio of 2 times, and a debt service coverage ratio of 4 times. 

As
of the date of this report, we are in compliance with the financial covenants associated with our borrowings. The maturity dates of the
borrowings of respective subsidiaries may accelerate if they do not comply with these covenants. In case of any change in control in
subsidiaries, they may have to repay their respective credit facilities. 

Dividends
and Redemption 

It
has been our policy to invest earnings in growth rather than distribute earnings as common stock dividends. This policy, under which
common stock dividends have not been paid since our inception is expected to continue but is subject to regular review by the Board of
Directors. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Our
contractual obligations are as follows: 

Payment
 due by period 
 More than
 5 
 
 Contractual
 Obligation 
 Total 
 0
 - 1 year 
 1-3
 Years 
 3-5
 Years 
 years 
 
 Debt Obligations 

D O Insurance 
 89,823 
 89,823 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loan Payable Bank - Export Refinance 
 1,741,493 
 1,741,493 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loan Payable Bank - Export Refinance II 
 1,323,535 
 1,323,535 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loan Payable Bank - Export Refinance III 
 2,438,089 
 2,438,089 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Term Finance Facility 
 13,356 
 13,356 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Sale and Leaseback Financing 
 321,113 
 148,264 
 172,849 
 - 
 - 
 
 Subsidiary Finance Leases 
 28,330 
 24,950 
 3,380 
 - 
 - 
 
 Operating Lease Obligations 
 1,157,431 
 505,237 
 589,025 
 62,733 
 436 
 
 Total 
 7,113,170 
 6,284,747 
 765,254 
 62,733 
 436 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not maintain any off-balance sheet arrangements, transactions, obligations or other relationships with unconsolidated entities that
would be expected to have a material current or future effect upon our financial condition or results of operations. 

30 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We
are exposed to financial market risks, including changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates. 

Foreign
Currency Exchange Risk 

Economic
Exposure 

We
transact business in various foreign currencies and have significant international revenues, as well as costs denominated in foreign
currencies. This exposes us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Since the majority of the Company s
operations are based in the Asia Pacific region where the Pakistan Rupee is continuously losing its value against the US Dollar and we
don t have any imports; therefore, we believe it is counter-productive to hedge this exposure. The devaluation of the Pakistan
Rupee results in a foreign exchange gain to the Company. 

Transaction
Exposure 

Our
exposure to foreign currency transaction gains and losses is the result of certain net receivables due from our foreign subsidiaries
and customers being denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the subsidiary, primarily the Euro, Yuan, Baht and
the Pakistan Rupee. Our foreign subsidiaries conduct their businesses in local currency. Since the majority of the Company s operations
are based in the Asia Pacific region where the Pakistan Rupee is continuously losing its value against the US Dollar and we don t
have any imports; therefore, we believe it is counter-productive to hedge this exposure. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
Consolidated Financial Statements that constitute Item 8 are included at the end of this report on page F-1. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

NETSOL s
financial statements for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of
opinion, and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope, or accounting principles. 

In
connection with the audit of NETSOL s financial statements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, there were no disagreements,
disputes, or differences of opinion with BF Borgers CPA PC. BF Borgers on any matters of accounting principles or practices,
financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope and procedures, which, if not resolved to the satisfaction of BF Borgers would have
caused BF Borgers to make reference to the matter in their report. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management has the responsibility to establish and maintain adequate internal controls over our financial reporting, as defined in Rule
13a-15(f) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our external financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles (GAAP). 

Due
to inherent limitations of any internal control system, management acknowledges that there are limitations as to the effectiveness of
internal controls over financial reporting and therefore recognize that only reasonable assurance can be gained from any internal control
system. Accordingly, our internal control system may not detect or prevent material misstatements in our financial statements and projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in
conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

31 

Under
the supervision and participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we have performed
an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. This assessment was based on
the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013), issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. Based on the results of our assessment, the Company has determined that as of June 30, 2023, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting are effective. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, that have materially
affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)). 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

NONE 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

NONE 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires that the Company s directors and executive officers and persons
owning more than 10 of the outstanding Common Stock, file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange
Commission SEC ). Executive officers, directors and beneficial owners of more than 10 of the Company s Common Stock
are required by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. 

Based
solely on copies of such forms furnished as provided above, or written representations that no such forms were required, the Company
believes that during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to its executive officers,
directors and beneficial owners of more than 10 of its Common Stock were complied with. 

CHANGE
IN MANAGEMENT AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

Board
of Directors 

At
the 2022 Annual Shareholders Meeting held in June 2023, a five-member board stood for election. The members were elected and, according
to the bylaws of the Company shall retain their position as directors until the next meeting. The board of directors is made up of Mr.
Najeeb U. Ghauri (Chairman of the Board), Mr. Mark Caton, Ms. Malea Farsai, Mr. Kausar Kazmi and Mr. Michael Francis. Mr. Henry Tolentino
did not stand for re-election due to personal reasons and Mr. Michael Francis was nominated and elected to the Board. 

Committees 

During
the fiscal year 2023, the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Government Committee were structured
as follows: The Audit Committee consisted of Mr. Kazmi, as Chair, with Mr. Caton and Mr. Tolentino as members. The Compensation Committee
consisted of Mr. Caton, as Chair, with Mr. Kazmi and Mr. Tolentino as its members. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
consisted of Mr. Tolentino, as Chair, with Mr. Caton and Mr. Kazmi as its members. In September 2023, Mr. Michael Francis was appointed
as the Chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and was appointed as a member of the Audit Committee and the Compensation
Committee. 

32 

The
table below provides the membership for each of the committees during Fiscal Year 2023. 

Nominating
 and 

Corporate 

Audit 
 
 Compensation 
 
 Governance 
 
 Director 
 
 Committee 
 
 Committee 
 
 Committee 
 
 Najeeb
 Ghauri 

Malea
 Farsai 

Mark
 Caton (I) 
 
 X 
 
 X
 (C) 
 
 X 
 
 Kausar
 Kazmi (I) 
 
 X
 (C) 
 
 X 
 
 X 
 
 Henry
 Tolentino (I) 
 
 X 
 
 X 
 
 X
 (C) 
 
 Michael
 Francis (I) (N) 

Mr.
Tolentino s term ended June 2023. 

Mr. Francis was elected to the Board in June 2023, but did not join as a committee member until September 2023. 

(I)
Denotes an Independent Director. 

 (C)
Denotes the Chairperson of the Committee. 

 (N)
Mr. Francis became the Nominating Committee Chairman in September 2023. 

DIRECTORS
AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of the current directors and executive officers of the Company, the principal offices and
positions with the Company held by each person and the date such person became a director or executive officer of the Company. The Board
of Directors elects the executive officers of the Company annually. Each year the stockholders elect the Board of Directors. The executive
officers serve varying terms until their death, resignation or removal by the Board of Directors. In addition, there was no arrangement
or understanding between any executive officer and any other person pursuant to which any person was selected as an executive officer. 

The
directors and executive officers of the Company are as follows: 

Name 

Year First Elected 
 as an Officer or 
 Director 
 
 Age 
 
 Position Held with the Registrant 
 
 Family Relationship 
 
 Najeeb Ghauri 
 
 1997 
 
 69 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and Director 
 
 Brother of Naeem Ghauri 
 
 Naeem Ghauri 
 
 1999 
 
 66 
 
 President 
 
 Brother of Najeeb Ghauri 
 
 Roger Almond 
 
 2013 
 
 58 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 None 
 
 Patti L. W. McGlasson 
 
 2004 
 
 58 
 
 Sr. V.P., Legal and Corporate Affairs; Secretary, General Counsel 
 
 None 
 
 Mark Caton 
 
 2002 
 
 74 
 
 Director 
 
 None 
 
 Malea Farsai 
 
 2018 
 
 54 
 
 Director; Corporate Counsel 
 
 None 
 
 Henry Tolentino 
 
 2018 
 
 74 
 
 Director 
 
 None 
 
 Syed Kausar Kazmi 
 
 2019 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 None 
 
 Michael Francis 
 
 2023 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 None 

33 

Business
Experience of Officers and Directors: 

NAJEEB
U. GHAURI is the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of NETSOL. He has been the Co-founder and director of the Company since 1997,
Chairman since 2003 and Chief Executive Officer from January 1998 to September 2002 and from October 2006 to present. Mr. Ghauri was
responsible for NETSOL listing on NASDAQ in 1999 and NETSOL Pakistan subsidiary listing on the Karachi Stock Exchange in 2005. Mr. Ghauri
served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer from 1999 to 2001 and as the Chief Financial Officer from 2001 to 2005. As CEO,
Mr. Ghauri is responsible for managing the day-to-day operations of the Company, as well as the Company s overall growth and expansion
plan. In 2017, Mr. Najeeb Ghauri as the CEO, implemented a Company-wide initiative cutting costs which saved the Company in excess of
 7,000,000. Mr. Ghauri was also instrumental in the substantial increase in revenue for fiscal year end 2015. In addition, Mr. Ghauri
traveled overseas multiple times to execute the largest contract for the Company, worth over 100 million, in December 2015. Under his
watch, NETSOL has become a leading player in China with innovation and a cutting-edge technology. 

In
September 2020, Mr. Ghauri was presented with the highest civilian award in Pakistan, Sitar e Imtiaz , a medal of pride,
in recognition for his work in IT and charitable causes in Pakistan. This medal was conferred by the President of Pakistan at the President
House in Islamabad, Pakistan. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Ghauri was part of the marketing team of Atlantic Richfield Company (ARCO)
(now acquired by BP), a Fortune 500 company, from 1987-1997. Prior to ARCO, he spent nearly five years with Unilever as brand and sales
managers. Mr. Ghauri attended Eastern Illinois University in 1977-78 for Bachelor of Science degree in Management/Economics. He earned
an M.B.A. in Marketing Management from Peter F. Drucker School of Management, Claremont, California in 1981. Mr. Ghauri was elected Vice
Chairman of US Pakistan Business Council in 2006, a Washington D.C. based council of US Chamber of Commerce. He is also very active in
several philanthropic activities in emerging markets and is a founding director of Pakistan Human Development Fund, a non-profit organization,
a partnership with UNDP to promote literacy, health services and poverty alleviation in Pakistan. Mr. Ghauri has participated in NASDAQ
opening and/or closing bell ceremonies in 2006, 2008,2009, 2015 and 2020. 

Skills
and Qualifications : Mr. Ghauri has an extensive executive, operational and strategic leadership experience in a global setting and
substantial experience in establishing management performance objective and establishing goals. Mr. Ghauri not only serves the Board
with his experience as a chief executive officer, but also his skills and insight into global operational logistics, which he developed
over the course of his 25-year career in technology industry. 

NAEEM
GHAURI was a Director of the Company from 1999 through 2020 and was the Company s Chief Executive Officer from August 2001
to October 2006. Mr. Ghauri is also a co-founder of the Company. Currently, Mr. Ghauri serves as the President and Director of Global
Sales of NETSOL, director of NETSOL (UK) Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company located in London, and Chairman of NetSol Technologies
Limited in Pakistan. While instrumental in numerous transactions, his most significant contribution to the revenue of the Company was
his role in overseeing and leading the closing of the largest contract to date for the Company worth 100 million signed in December
2015. More recently, Mr. Ghauri headed the sales team that signed a contract valued in excess of 35 million. Mr. Ghauri spearheaded
the Innovation practice of the Company while he was located in Thailand with an eye towards working with rideshare platforms as sustainable
business models for the Company as the CEO of OTOZ , Inc. He is currently based out of NetSol s Pakistan office, Prior to
joining the Company, Mr. Ghauri was Program Director for Mercedes-Benz Finance Ltd., from 1994-1999. Mr. Ghauri supervised over 200 project
managers, developers, analysts and users in nine European Countries. Mr. Ghauri is a board member of Drivemate Co., Ltd., the Company s
partner in Thailand, as a representative of NetSol. Mr. Ghauri earned his degree in computer science from Brighton University in England. 

Skills
and Qualifications : Mr. Naeem Ghauri has served in many leadership capacities within the Company throughout the past 23 years. Through
his various senior leadership positions and extensive executive experience, Mr. Ghauri brings to NetSol his unique insight related to
technology, innovation, marketing, and growth, including digital and mobility strategy. 

ROGER
ALMOND was appointed Chief Financial Officer on September 9, 2013. Since 2007, Roger Almond held the position of Senior Manager at
Pickard Green Certified Public Accountants where he and his team were responsible for assisting national and international companies
with their financial reporting requirements to the SEC. Roger Almond s duties also included overseeing multiple entity consolidations,
converting financial data to US GAAP, preparing financials statements, footnotes and MD A. Prior to his current position, Roger Almond
held the position of Assurance Manager at Grant Thornton LLP, in Los Angeles, California from 2003-2006. From November 1999 to August
2003, he was the Chief Financial Officer of Keysor Century Corporation located in Saugus, California. 

Roger
Almond received his BS in Accounting from Brigham Young University in 1991 and he is a Certified Public Accountant licensed in California.
He has also completed executive management courses at UCLA in 2001. 

Skills
and Qualifications: Through his senior leadership as Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Almond possesses extensive knowledge in several
important business areas, including public company accounting, leadership, risk assessment, and international, cross-border accounting. 

34 

PATTI
L. W. MCGLASSON joined NETSOL as General Counsel in January 2004 and was elected to the position of Secretary in March 2004. She
was appointed Senior Vice President, Corporate and Legal Affairs in 2013. 

In
the role of General Counsel, Ms. McGlasson is responsible for leading NETSOL s legal department company-wide. She is also responsible
for the implementation of the Company s internal corporate governance and policy plans, ethics and business conduct. She oversees
all board meetings in her executive position as corporate secretary. 

Ms.
McGlasson has over 30 years of experience in corporate law, mergers and acquisitions, business and cross-border transactions and securities
law. Immediately prior to joining NETSOL, Patti practiced at Vogt Resnick, law corporation. She was admitted to practice in California
in 1991. 

She
received her Bachelor of Arts in Political Science in 1987 from the University of California, San Diego and, her Juris Doctor and Masters
in Law in Transnational Business from the University of the Pacific, McGeorge School of Law, in 1991 and 1993, respectively. As part
of her Masters in Law in Transnational Business, she interned at the law firm of Loeff Claeys Verbeke in Rotterdam, the Netherlands in
1991. 

Skills
and Qualifications: As General Counsel, Ms. McGlasson offers extensive knowledge in several important strategic areas, including
innovative problem-solving related to global risks and opportunities. Her legal expertise also helps NetSol navigate cross-cultural and
cross-border opportunities. 

MARK
CATON joined the Board of Directors in 2007. Mr. Caton is currently President of Centela Capital, Inc. a diversified financial services
company, a position he has held since 2006. Prior to joining Centela Capital, Mr. Caton was President of NETSOL Technologies USA, responsible
for US sales, from June 2002 to December 2003. Mr. Caton was previously employed by ePlus from 1994 to 2002 as Senior Vice President-Business
Development. He was a member of the UCLA Alumni Association Board of Directors and served on the Board of Directors of NETSOL from 2002-2005.
Mr. Caton is the Chair of the Compensation Committee and a member of the Audit and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees. Mr.
Caton received his BA from UCLA in psychology in 1971. 

Skills
and Qualifications: Mr. Caton serves the Board with his 45 years of experience in sales, marketing and management in the financial
leasing and software industries. 

MALEA
FARSAI joined the Board of Directors for the first time in 2018 and is currently the Company s Corporate Counsel. Before joining
NETSOL in March 2000, Ms. Farsai was an associate at the law firm of Horwitz and Beam where she represented both domestic and international
private and public clients from technology to apparel in various transactions from 1996-2000. She has also worked on the formation of
business startups and IPOs. Ms. Farsai was on the team that took NETSOL public and is the one who listed NETSOL on NASDAQ in 1999 and
has maintained its listing since then to current. After nearly two decades with the Company, Ms. Farsai continues to work part-time as
Corporate Counsel overseeing the Company s insurance as well as day to day corporate legal needs. She
has also obtained many of NETSOL s various trademarks. Ms. Farsai has been actively updating and overseeing the Company s
Corporate and Social Responsibilities (CSR) globally and has effectively established a 501(c)(3) foundation for NETSOL to continue its
charitable work internationally. Ms. Farsai received her B.A. degree from University of California, Irvine and her J.D. in 1996, and
has been a member of the California State Bar since 1996. She sits on the board of various charitable organizations in Los Angeles. 

Skills
and Qualifications: Ms. Farsai has served the Company and its legal department since its inception and has a breadth of knowledge
and understanding about NETSOL s business through her role as Corporate Counsel. She also has an understanding of Public Company
corporate governance as well as the management and retention of a diverse group of employees. 

35 

HENRY
TOLENTINO joined the Board of Directors for the first time in 2018 and served as a director until his term ended in June 2023. Mr.
Tolentino brought over than 30 years of experience in the auto finance industry working with global manufacturers such as Toyota and
General Motors. Prior to joining NETSOL s advisory board in 2017, Mr. Tolentino held several executive positions at Toyota Leasing
(Thailand) Co., Ltd., including most recently as president from 2006 to 2014 and then served as an advisor from 2015 to 2016. Prior to
Toyota Leasing, Mr. Tolentino spent more than 10 years with Toyota Motor Credit Corporation, USA. He began his career in the auto finance
industry with General Motors Acceptance Corporation. Mr. Tolentino served as the Chair of the Nomination
and Corporate Governance Committee and member of the Audit and Compensation Committees until the end of his term in June 2023. 

Skills
and Qualifications : Mr. Tolentino has significant knowledge in international automobile manufacturing, business strategy and managing
growth in the automotive industry. Using his experience, he provided the Company s management with strategic advice. 

SYED
KAUSAR KAZMI joined the Board of Directors in 2019. Mr. Kazmi brings over 40 years of expertise in the banking industry and is currently
the Head of Commercial Banking and Business Development at Habib Bank Zurich PLC, located in London where he has served in this capacity
since 2016. Prior to this position, Mr. Kazmi served as the Head of Business Development for UK and Europe at Habib Bank AG Zurich in
London from 2012-2016, before which Mr. Kazmi was the CEO of the UK operations of Habib Bank AG Zurich from 2009-2012. In 2018, Mr. Kazmi
was awarded by Power 100, Parliamentary Review in association with The British Publishing Company a Lifetime Achievement Award 
for his significant and lasting impact on the banking sector. In addition, Mr. Kazmi has been awarded by the Asian Media Group the GG2
Power List celebrating Britain s 101 most influential Asians from 2016-2018. 

 Mr.
Kazmi received his BSc in Chemical Engineering with II Class Honors from Habib Institute of Technology in 1974. He sits on the board
of many charitable organizations, with a focus on helping raise funds. Mr. Kazmi is the Chair of
the Audit Committee and is a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance and Compensation Committees. 

 Skills
and Qualifications : Mr. Kazmi has strong financial services and management expertise. He directs the operations of a financial services
business, expending its focus on business development. 

MICHAEL
FRANCIS is nominated to the Board of Directors for the first time this year in June 2023. Mr. Francis brings over 30 years of expertise
in the banking and finance industry. He is currently Joint Managing Partner of Alderson Francis Associates Ltd, which provides business
consulting to UK finance, software, and private equity businesses. Prior to this, he was Co-Head of Investment Banking at Investec Bank
UK PLC, until October 2020. He was at Investec for 18 years, in various roles, most significantly as the founder and CEO of Investec
asset Finance PLC, which is a significant client of NETSOL. From November 2022 to May 2023, Mr. Francis served as an interim executive
director for VLS, a subsidiary of NTE to utilize his Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) authorization to assist VLS in strategic management
of its business and to meet VLS s FCA requirements. Mr. Francis also held senior management positions at Barclays Bank PLC and
ANZ Investment Bank. Mr. Francis received his BSc in Biochemistry with II Class Honors from The University College of Wales, Aberystwyth
in 1987. He is also a Fellow of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, qualifying with Ernst Young in 1992.
Mr. Francis is currently a trustee of the School of Hard Knocks located in the United Kingdom. He also served as the Chair of the Finance
Committee of The Beacon School, located in the UK, for nine years. In September 2023, Mr. Francis was appointed as the Chair of the Nomination
and Corporate Governance Committee and a member of the Audit and Compensation Committees. 

Skills
and Qualifications : Mr. Francis brings to the Board a seasoned expertise in financial services strategy, especially in the field
of Lease and Finance as well as management proficiency. 

COPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

Code
of Business Conduct Ethics 

The
Company adopted its Code of Business Conduct Ethics, as amended and restated on September 9, 2013, applicable to every officer,
director and employee of the Company, including, but not limited to the Company s principal executive officer, principal financial
officer, and principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. Our Code of Business Conduct 
Ethics has been posted on our website and may be viewed at http://ir.netsoltech.com/governance-docs . 

Audit
Committee 

The
Company has an Audit Committee whose members are the independent directors of the Company, specifically, Mr. Kazmi, Mr. Caton, and Mr.
Tolentino with Mr. Francis replacing Mr. Tolentino after being elected to the Board in June 2023 and being appointed as a member of the
Audit Committee in September 2023. Mr. Kazmi is the current Chair of the Audit Committee. 

Audit
Committee Financial Expert 

The
Company has identified its audit chairperson, Mr. Kausar Kazmi as its Audit Committee financial expert. Mr. Kazmi is an independent board
member as the term is defined in the Nasdaq Listing Rules. Mr. Kazmi s over 40 years of experience in the banking industry including
his current tenure as Head of Commercial Banking and Business Development for UK and Europe for Habib Bank AG Zurich as well as his service
as a board member on various charities as the board member responsible for fundraising, provides him with an understanding of generally
accepted accounting principles and financial reporting. Additionally, this experience provides an ability to assess the general application
of accounting principles in connection with the accounting for estimates, accruals and reserves; experience analyzing financial statements
that were comparable in the breadth and complexity of issues that can be reasonably expected to be raised by the Company s financial
statements; an understanding of internal control over financial reporting; and an understanding of audit committee functions. 

36 

ITEM
11-EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Introduction 

Our
Compensation Committee is responsible for establishing and overseeing compensation programs that comply with NetSol s executive
compensation philosophy. As described in this Compensation Discussion and Analysis CD A ), the Compensation Committee
follows a disciplined process for setting executive compensation. This process involves analyzing factors such as company performance,
individual performance, strategic goals and competitive market data to arrive at each element of compensation. The Compensation Committee
approves compensation decisions for all executive officers. An independent compensation consultant helps the Compensation Committee by
providing advice, information, and an objective opinion. This CD A will focus on the compensation awarded to NetSol s named
executive officers the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and General Counsel, Corporate Secretary. You can
find more complete information about all elements of compensation for the named executive officers in the following discussion and in
the Summary Compensation table that appears on page 43. 

Fiscal
2023 Executive Compensation Highlights and Governance 

This
section identifies the most significant decisions and changes made regarding NETSOL s executive compensation in fiscal year 2023. 

Shareholder
Approval of Compensation 

At
the last annual general meeting held on June 7, 2023, shareholders expressed support for our executive compensation programs, with 75 
of votes cast at the meeting voting to ratify the compensation of our named executive officers. Although the advisory shareholder vote
on executive compensation is non-binding, the Compensation Committee has considered, and will continue to consider, the outcome of the
vote and the sentiments of our shareholders when making future compensation decisions for the named executive officers. Based on the
results from our last annual general meeting, the Compensation Committee believes shareholders support the Company s executive
compensation philosophy and the compensation paid to the named executive officers. 

Taking
into account the support of this plan at the June 7, 2023 Annual Shareholders Meeting, the Compensation Committee believes the compensation
program meaningfully explains the Compensation Committee s compensation decisions and its determination to tie long term incentives
of the Chief Executive Officer to performance criteria. The Compensation Committee continues to reach out to its shareholders regarding
their positions on the Company s compensation program. In connection with the proxy solicitations, the executive compensation was
discussed with certain of our top shareholders and their general acceptance of the compensation structure is reflected in the proxy vote
results. Accordingly, the Compensation Committee will continue to provide the CEO with a bonus criterion that is based on total revenues
and income from operations on a graduated basis. Bonuses would be paid 60 in cash and 40 in stock valued at the share price on June
30 th of the fiscal year in which it was earned. 

At
the annual general meeting on June 7, 2023, the Shareholders overwhelmingly approved an annual vote on the Frequency of Say on Pay voting.
Accordingly, we will continue to provide our stockholders with an annual opportunity to cast an advisory vote on the compensation programs
for our named executive officers and as always, the stockholders are welcome to contact Investor Relations with any questions. 

Governance
and Evolving Compensation Practices 

The
Compensation Committee and the Board are aware of evolving practices in executive compensation and corporate governance. In response,
we have adopted and/or maintained certain policies and practices that are in keeping with best practices in many areas.
For example: 

The Compensation Committee engages an independent compensation consultant to evaluate our chief executive
officer s executive compensation practices in comparison to a peer group. 

We do not provide excessive executive perquisites to our named executive officers. 

Our incentive plans expressly prohibit repricing of options (directly or indirectly) without prior shareholder
approval. 

Our policy on the prevention of insider trading prohibits various types of transactions involving Company
stock or securities, including short sales, options trading, hedging, margin purchases and pledges. 

Our stock ownership guidelines require our executive officers to align their long-term interests with those
of our stockholders. 

Our policy prohibits the named executive officers from selling any newly issued shares for a period of
three months, in an open market transaction. 

Beginning with our fiscal year 2019 to current, we modified our compensation practices for our CEO to tie
a significant portion to financial results both on a top line and bottom-line basis. 

37 

General
Compensation Overview 

For
2023, compensation designed for our executive officers consisted of: 

Base
 Salary 
 
 Cash
 awards at the discretion of the Compensation Committee 
 
 Long
 term equity in the form of time-based restricted stock; and 
 
 Ability
 to participate generally in all group health and welfare benefit programs and tax-qualified
 retirement plans on the same basis as applicable to all of our employees. 

In
response to discussions we have had with certain shareholders and given the percentage voting in favor of our executive compensation,
beginning with the 2019 fiscal year, Chief Executive Officer compensation shall consist of: 

Base
 Salary 
 
 Short-term
 cash awards conditioned upon achieving objective performance targets 
 
 Long-term
 equity in the form of time and objective performance targets; and 
 
 Ability
 to participate generally in all group health and welfare benefit programs and tax-qualified
 retirement plans on the same basis as applicable to all of our employees. 

The
Compensation Committee administers the cash and non-cash compensation programs applicable to our executive officers. The Compensation
Committee makes all decisions about executive officer compensation for the Chief Executive Officer and the remaining named executives
after discussion with our Chief Executive Officer about his direct reports. The Compensation Committee has often refined the direct reports 
compensation recommendations made by the Chief Executive Officer. Our Chief Executive Officer s compensation is determined solely
by the Compensation Committee, which, consistent with NASDAQ requirements, is comprised exclusively of independent directors, and the
Chief Executive Officer does not participate in Committee decisions surrounding his compensation. 

Independent
Compensation Consultant 

The
Compensation Committee retained Compensation Resources, Inc. as its independent compensation consultant. Compensation Resources provided
chief executive officer and director compensation consulting services to the Compensation Committee, including a competitive market analysis
of peers and the base salary, total cash compensation and total direct compensation. Interactions with Compensation Resources was limited
to the Compensation Committee Chair and interaction with executives was generally limited to discussions as required to compile information
at the Compensation Committee s direction. During fiscal year 2023, Compensation Resources did not provide services to the Company.
Based on these factors and its own evaluation of Compensation Resources independence pursuant to the requirements approved and adopted
by the SEC, the Compensation Committee has determined that the work performed by Compensation Resources does not raise any conflicts
of interest. 

Compensation
Philosophy and Objectives 

Our
executive compensation philosophy calls for competitive total compensation that will reward executives for achieving individual and corporate
performance objectives and will attract, motivate and retain leaders who will drive the creation of shareholder value. It incorporates
elements that create shareholder value by driving financial performance, retaining a high-performing and talented executive team, and
aligning the interests of the executive team with the interests of shareholders. The Compensation Committee reviews the compensation
and benefit programs for executive officers, including the named executive officers, and performs an annual assessment of the Company s
executive compensation policy. In determining total compensation, the Compensation Committee considers the objectives and attributes
described below. 

38 

Executive
 Compensation Principles 

Shareholder
 Alignment 

Our
 executive compensation programs are designed to create shareholder value. 
 
 Long-term
 incentive awards, delivered in the form of equity, make up a portion of our executives total compensation and closely align
 the interests of executives with the long-term interests of our shareholders. Our policy prohibits the named executive officers from
 selling any newly issued shares for a period of three months, on an open market transaction. 
 
 Performance
 based 
 
 Long-term
 incentive awards are designed to reward our executive officers for creating long-term shareholder value. Long-term incentive awards
 are granted primarily in the form of stock options and/or shares. 
 
 Appropriate
 Risk 
 
 Our
 executive compensation programs are designed to encourage executive officers to take appropriate risks in managing their businesses
 to achieve optimal performance. 
 
 Competitive
 with external talent markets 
 
 Our
 executive compensation programs are designed to be competitive within the relevant markets. 
 
 Simple
 and transparent 
 
 Our
 executive compensation programs are designed to be readily understood by our executives, and transparent to our investors. 

Compensation
Analysis Peer Group 

After
consideration of business models, company revenue and market capitalization of other companies in the Company s technology industry
segment, and with the input from Compensation Resources, Inc., the compensation consultant used by the Company at the time the study
was last conducted, the Compensation Committee established the following list of peer companies to provide a comparative framework for
use in setting executive compensation: 

American
Software, Inc. 

 BSquare
Corp. 

 Cass
Information Systems 

 Digital
Turbine, Inc. 

 Everbridge,
Inc. 

 Mitek
Systems, Inc. 

 SPS
Commerce Inc. 

Executive
Officer Base Salaries and Compensation Comparisons 

Compensation
plans are developed by utilizing publicly available compensation data in the information technology and software services industries.
We believe that the practices of these groups of companies provide us with appropriate compensation benchmarks, because these groups
of companies are in similar businesses and tend to compete with us for executives and other employees. For benchmarking executive compensation,
we typically review the compensation data we have collected from these groups of companies, as well as a subset of the data from those
companies that have a similar number of employees as the Company. The Compensation Committee has determined to utilize the services of
a consultant for purposes of comparing our compensation program with similarly situated companies in like industries. The recommendations
of these consultants will be utilized by the Compensation Committee in determining the appropriate compensation packages in addition
to taking into account the unique global scale of the Company s business. While these consultants may make general recommendations
about the size and components of compensation, we anticipate our philosophy to continue on the basis of a pay-for-performance philosophy. 

In
establishing the compensation of our named Chief Executive Officer, we based the amounts primarily on the market data and advice provided
by Compensation Resources, Inc. with respect to the compensation paid to individuals who perform substantially similar functions within
the peer group companies. In connection with the other named executive officers, we also relied on the recommendations of the Chief Executive
Officer s analysis relative to those individuals performance and compensation. We also examined the outstanding stock options
and equity grants held by the executive officers for the purpose of considering the retention value of any additional equity awards. 

As
a general guideline, for our named executive officers, we aim to set base salary, cash compensation and total compensation at approximately
the mean market range. Our analysis determined that the base salary of our Chief Executive officer was slightly above the mean, cash
compensation was generally within the mean, but the total direct compensation was below the mean. As such, it was determined to develop
a long-term, performance-based element of the compensation that brought the total direct compensation within the mean. 

39 

2023
Executive Compensation Components 

Base
Salary 

An
executive s base salary is a fixed element of the executive s compensation intended to attract and retain executives. It
is evaluated together with components of the executive s other compensation to ensure that the executive s total compensation
is consistent with our overall compensation philosophy. Base salaries are adjusted annually by the Compensation Committee. 

The
base salaries were established in arms-length negotiations between the executive and the Company, considering their extensive experience,
knowledge of the industry, track record, and achievements on behalf of the Company. The Company expects each named executive officer
to contribute to the Company s overall success as a member of the executive team rather than focus solely on specific objectives
within the officer s area of responsibility. 

Mr.
Ghauri s base salary for fiscal year 2023 was 700,000 and in addition he received 200,000 in allowances. Mr. Ghauri s base
salary and allowances will remain the same for fiscal year 2024. Mr. Almond s base salary for fiscal year 2023 was 226,000 and
in addition he received 24,000 in allowances. For fiscal year 2024, Mr. Almonds salary will remain the same. Ms. McGlasson salary for
fiscal year 2023 was 233,622 and her base salary for fiscal year 2024 will remain the same. The Compensation Committee determined that
salary alone was an adequate basis for short term compensation, and that equity incentives would be used for the long-term elements of
incentive programs for Ms. McGlasson and Mr. Almond. 

Annual
Bonus 

Our
compensation program includes eligibility for bonuses as rewarded by the Compensation Committee. All executives are eligible for annual
performance-based cash bonuses in accordance with Company policies. The Compensation Committee takes into consideration the executive s
performance during the previous year to determine eligibility for discretionary bonuses. Further, the compensation committee will review,
if applicable, the performance criteria set forth in an executive s previous year s agreement and will determine if the executive
has met such criteria in order to achieve the bonus. The Company s bonus criteria at the executive management level, is typically
based on a gross revenue and income from operations targets. Cash bonuses, if any for 2023 are reflected in the summary of compensation
table on page 43. For 2023, based on structured KPI s by the compensation committee, Mr. Ghauri did not earn any bonus. See bonus
structure as discussed below on page 41. The Compensation Committee determined that Gross Revenue and Income from Operations structure
used in fiscal 2023 continues to be a proper measure for measuring Mr. Ghauri s performance in that it encourages his participation
in revenue generating activities and continues to incentivize him to monitor and maximize cost efficiency. 

Long-Term
Equity Incentive Compensation 

We
believe that long-term performance is achieved through an ownership culture that encourages long-term participation by our executives
in equity-based awards. Because base salary and equity awards are such basic elements of compensation within our industry, as well as
the high technology and software industries in general, and are generally expected by employees, we believe that these components must
be included in our compensation mix in order for us to compete effectively for talented executives. We award time based vested stock
from our Equity Incentive Plans for several reasons. First, such awards facilitate retention of our executives. Restricted stock generally
vests only if the executive remains employed by the Company. Second, time-based stock awards align executive compensation with the interests
of our shareholders and thereby focuses executives on increasing value for the shareholders. Time vested stock generally only provides
a superior return if the stock price appreciates, and results in materially less dilution to the shareholders than options while frequently
providing equivalent value to the employee at less cost to the Company than options. In determining the number of shares to be granted
to executives, we take into account the individual s position, scope of responsibility, ability to affect profits and shareholder
value, past and recent performance, and the estimated value of shares at the time of grant. Assuming individual performance at a level
satisfactory to the Compensation Committee, the size of total equity compensation is generally targeted at the 50th percentile for the
peer group. As indicated above, market data, including compensation percentiles, were among several factors the committee reviewed in
determining compensation. 

Equity
incentives provided to executives are determined by the Fair Market Value of our common stock on the grant date. Each executive s
stock award was based on an analysis of the Compensation Committee of an appropriate overall cash compensation for each individual taking
into account their position and compensation at similarly situated companies. Each executive s stock award was based on a desired
overall compensation cash value less the base salary as approved by the Compensation Committee. 

Mr.
Najeeb Ghauri is eligible to receive grants of shares based on the performance criteria connected to gross revenues and net income from
operations as discussed below. The total compensation including equity grants is designed to bring the Chief Executive Officer to the
mean market average. 

40 

Mr.
Najeeb Ghauri s bonus for fiscal year 2023 is based on the total revenues and income from operations on a graduated basis. The
following table demonstrates the graduated percentage of bonus that Mr. Ghauri will be eligible to earn based on the percentage of the
goal achieved. Bonuses will be paid 60 in cash and 40 in shares of common stock valued on June 30, 2023. Total net revenues and income
from operations are based on those values reported for the year ending June 30, 2023 excluding any adjustments relating to changes in
revenue recognition policy. 

Allocated
 Bonus 
 
 of Bonus 
 25 
 50 
 100 
 125 
 150 
 175 
 200 
 
 Net
 revenues 
 55 
 Increase
 in revenues 
 5 
 10 
 15 
 20 
 25 
 30 
 35 
 
 Bonus
 Earned 

82,500 
 165,000 
 330,000 
 412,500 
 495,000 
 577,500 
 660,000 

of 
 Bonus 
 25 
 50 
 100 
 125 
 150 
 175 
 200 
 
 Income
 from Operations 
 45 
 Income
 from Operations 
 5.0 
 7.5 
 10.0 
 12.5 
 15.0 
 17.5 
 20.0 
 
 Bonus
 Earned 

67,500 
 135,000 
 270,000 
 337,500 
 405,000 
 472,500 
 540,000 

Total
 Bonus 

150,000 
 300,000 
 600,000 
 750,000 
 900,000 
 1,050,000 
 1,200,000 

Mr.
Ghauri s bonus for the fiscal year 2024 will be based on the same criteria stated above. 

Perquisites
and Other Personal Benefits 

We
provide named executive officers with perquisites and other personal benefits that we believe are reasonable and consistent with our
overall compensation program to better enable the Company to attract and retain superior employees for key positions. The Compensation
Committee periodically reviews the level of perquisites and other personal benefits provided to NETSOL s executive officers. 

We
maintain benefits and perquisites that are offered to all employees, including health and dental insurance. Benefits and perquisites
may vary in different country locations and are consistent with local practices and regulations. 

Termination
Based Compensation 

Upon
termination of employment, all executive officers with a written employment agreement are entitled to receive severance payments under
their employment agreements. In determining whether to approve, and as part of the process of setting the terms of, such severance arrangements,
the Compensation Committee recognizes that executives and officers often face challenges securing new employment following termination.
Further, the Committee recognizes that many of the named executives and officers have participated in the Company since its founding
and that this participation has not resulted in a return on their investments. Termination and Change in Control Payments considered
both the risk and the dedication of these executives service to the Company. 

Our
Chief Executive Officer has an employment agreement that provides, if his employment is terminated without cause or if the executive
terminates the agreement with Good Reason, he is entitled to (a) all remaining salary to the end of the date of termination, plus salary
from the end of the employment term through the end of the fourth anniversary of the date of termination, and (b) the continuation by
the Company of medical and dental insurance coverage for him and his family until the end of the employment term and through the end
of the fourth anniversary of the date of termination. Provided, however, if such benefits cannot be continued for this extended period,
the Executive shall receive cash (including a tax-equivalency payment for Federal, state and local income and payroll taxes assuming
Executive is in the maximum tax bracket for all such purposes) where such benefits may not be continued. These agreements further provide
for vesting of all options and restrictive stock grants, if any. 

Our
Chief Financial Officer has an employment agreement that provides, if his employment is terminated without cause or if the executive
terminates the agreement with Good Reason, he is entitled to (a) all remaining salary to the end of the date of termination, plus salary
from the end of the employment term through the end of the first anniversary of the date of termination, and (b) the continuation by
the Company of medical and dental insurance coverage for him and his family until the end of the employment term and through the end
of the first anniversary from the date of termination. Provided, however, if such benefits cannot be continued for this extended period,
the Executive shall receive cash (including a tax-equivalency payment for Federal, state and local income and payroll taxes assuming
Executive is in the maximum tax bracket for all such purposes) where such benefits may not be continued. These agreements further provide
for vesting of all options and restrictive stock grants, if any. 

41 

The
Secretary of the Company has an employment agreement that provides, if she is terminated without cause or if the executive terminates
the agreement with Good Reason, she is entitled to (a) all remaining salary to the end of the date of termination, plus salary from the
end of the employment term through the end of the second anniversary of the date of termination, and (b) the continuation by the Company
of medical and dental insurance coverage for her and her family until the end of the employment term and through the end of the second
anniversary of the date of termination. Provided, however, if such benefits cannot be continued for this extended period, the Executive
shall receive cash (including a tax-equivalency payment for Federal, state and local income and payroll taxes assuming Executive is in
the maximum tax bracket for all such purposes) where such benefits may not be continued. These agreements further provide for vesting
of all options and restrictive stock grants, if any. 

These
agreements were designed to assist in the retention of the services of our named executives and to determine in advance the rights and
remedies of the parties in connection with any termination. The types and amounts of compensation and the triggering events set forth
in these agreements were based on a review of the terms and conditions of normal and customary agreements in our competitive marketplace. 

Tax
and Accounting Implications 

Deductibility
of Executive Compensation 

As
part of its role, the Compensation Committee reviews and considers the deductibility of executive compensation under Section 162(m) of
the Internal Revenue Code, which provides that we may not deduct compensation of more than 1,000,000 that is paid to certain individuals.
The Compensation Committee is aware of the limitations imposed by Section 162(m) and considers the issue of deductibility when and if
circumstances warrant. The committee reviews proposed compensation plans in light of applicable tax deductions, and generally seeks to
maximize the deductibility for tax purposes of all elements of compensation. However, the committee may approve compensation that does
not qualify for deductibility, including stock option and time-based restricted stock awards, if and when the committee deems it to be
in the best interests of the Company and our shareholders. 

Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation 

Commencing
on July 1, 2006, we began accounting for stock-based payments, including awards under our Employee Stock Option Plans, in accordance
with the of Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . 

Summary
Compensation 

The
following table shows the compensation for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, earned by our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer who is our Principal Financial and Accounting Officer, and others considered to be
executive officers of the Company. 

42 

Name
 and Principle 
 Position 
 Fiscal 
 Year 
 Ended 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 )
 (1) 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 All
 Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Najeeb Ghauri 
 2023 
 700,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 200,000 (3) 
 900,000 
 
 CEO Chairman 
 2022 
 700,000 
 69,922 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 200,000 (3) 
 969,922 
 
 Naeem Ghauri 
 2023 
 802,883 (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 47,220 (5) 
 850,103 
 
 President 
 2022 
 793,428 (4) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 45,830 (5) 
 839,258 
 
 Roger K Almond 
 2023 
 226,000 
 10,000 
 - 
 - 
 36,871 (6) 
 272,871 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 
 197,041 
 20,000 
 - 
 - 
 34,066 (6) 
 251,107 
 
 Patti L. W. McGlasson 
 2023 
 233,622 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 11,719 (7) 
 245,341 
 
 Secretary, General Counsel 
 2022 
 212,384 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 10,426 (7) 
 222,810 

(1)
There were no stock awards during the three years presented. 

(2)
Bonus was awarded based on Mr. Ghauri s bonus structure as detailed on page 41. 

(3)
Per Mr. Najeeb Ghauri s compensation agreement, he received 200,000 in allowances, perquisites and benefits such as car
allowance, insurance premiums, and home office allowance for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

(4)
Consists of 610,068 and 586,397 base salary and 192,815 and 207,031 commission for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022,
respectively. 

(5)
Per Mr. Naeem Ghauri s compensation agreement, he received 47,220 and 45,830 in allowances, perquisites and
benefits for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

(6)
Consists of 12,871 and 10,066 paid for medical and dental insurance premiums for participation in the health insurance program for
the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and 24,000 paid as car allowance for the years ended June 30,
2023 and 2022. 

(7)
Consists of 11,719 and 10,426 paid for medical and dental insurance premiums for participation in the health insurance
program for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Grants
of Plan-Based Awards 

There
were no stock grants during the three years presented. 

Discussion
of Summary Compensation Table 

The
terms of our executive officers compensation are derived from our employment agreements with them and the annual performance review
by our Compensation Committee. The terms of Mr. Najeeb Ghauri s employment agreement with the Company were the result of negotiations
between the Company and the executive and were approved by our Compensation Committee and Board of Directors. The terms of Ms. McGlasson s
and Mr. Almond s employment agreement with the Company were the result of negotiations between our Chief Executive Officer and
the employees and were approved by our Compensation Committee. 

43 

Employment
Agreement with Najeeb Ghauri 

Effective
January 1, 2007, the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with our Chief Executive Officer, Najeeb Ghauri (the CEO Agreement ).
The CEO Agreement was amended effective January 1, 2008, January 1, 2010, July 25, 2013 and again on June 30, 2014. Changes made in the
June 30, 2014 amendment are effective July 1, 2014. Pursuant to the CEO Agreement, as amended, between Mr. Ghauri and the Company (the
 CEO Agreement ), the Company agreed to employ Mr. Ghauri as its Chief Executive Officer for a five-year term. The term of
employment automatically renews for 12 additional months unless notice of intent to terminate is received by either party at least 6
months prior to the end of the term. For the fiscal year 2023, Mr. Ghauri is entitled to an annualized compensation of 900,000 consisting
of salary, allowances, perquisites and benefits, and is eligible for annual bonuses based on the bonus structure adopted by the Compensation
Committee as described in Item 11 under Executive Compensation beginning on page 37. For fiscal year 2024, Mr. Ghauri s annualized
compensation consisting of salary, allowance, perquisites and benefits will be 900,000. Mr. Ghauri is entitled to six weeks of paid
vacation per calendar year. 

The
CEO Agreement also includes provisions respecting severance, non-solicitation, non-competition, and confidentiality obligations. Pursuant
to the CEO Agreement, if he terminates his employment for Good Reason (as described below), or, is terminated prior to the end of the
employment term by the Company other than for Cause (as described below) or death, he shall be entitled to all remaining salary from
the termination date until 48 months thereafter, at the rate of salary in effect on the date of termination, immediate vesting of all
options and continuation of all health related plan benefits for a period of 48 months. He shall have no obligation to seek other employment
and any income so earned shall not reduce the foregoing amounts. If he is terminated by the Company for Cause (as described below), or
at the end of the employment term, he shall not be entitled to further compensation. Under the CEO Agreement, Good Reason includes the
assignment of duties inconsistent with his title, a material reduction in salary and perquisites, the relocation of the Company s
principal office by 30 miles, if the Company asks him to perform any act which is illegal, including the commission of a crime or act
of moral turpitude, or a material breach of the CEO Agreement by the Company. Under the CEO Agreement, Cause includes conviction of crime
involving moral turpitude, failure to perform his duties to the Company, engaging in activities which are directly competitive to or
intentionally injurious to the Company, or any material breach of the CEO Agreement by Mr. Ghauri. 

The
above summary of the CEO Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the CEO Agreement, a copy of which was
filed as an exhibit to the Company s 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2007. The above summary of the First Amendment is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amendment, a copy of which was filed as an exhibit to the Company s
10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2008. The above summary of the Second Amendment is qualified in its entirety by reference to
the full text of the Amendment, a copy of which was filed as an exhibit to the Company s 10-Q for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2009. The above summary of the Third Amendment is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amendment, a copy
of which was filed as an exhibit to the Company s 8-K filed on July 26, 2013. The above summary of the Fourth Amendment is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amendment, a copy of which was filed as an exhibit to the Company s 8-K filed
on July 3, 2014. 

Employment
Agreement with Roger K. Almond 

Effective
March 1, 2015, the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Roger K. Almond. Pursuant to the
Employment Agreement, between Mr. Almond and the Company (the CFO Agreement ), the Company agreed to employ Mr. Almond as
its Chief Financial Officer from the date of the CFO Agreement through February 28, 2017. According to the terms of the CFO Agreement,
the term of the agreement automatically extends for an additional one-year period unless notice of intent to terminate is received by
either party at least 6 months prior to the end of the term. For the fiscal year 2023, Mr. Almond was entitled to an annualized base
salary of 226,000 per annum and a 2,000 per month car allowance, and eligible for annual bonuses at the discretion of the Chief Executive
Officer. There is no change in Mr. Almond s salary for the fiscal year 2024, and is eligible for annual bonuses at the discretion
of the Chief Executive Officer. In addition, Mr. Almond is entitled to participate in the Company s equity incentive plans and
is entitled to four weeks of paid vacation per calendar year. 

The
CFO Agreement also includes provisions respecting severance, non-solicitation, non-competition, and confidentiality obligations. Pursuant
to the CFO Agreement, if he terminates his employment for Good Reason (as described below), or, is terminated prior to the end of the
employment term by the Company other than for Cause (as described below) or death, he shall be entitled to all remaining salary from
the termination date until 12 months thereafter, at the rate of salary in effect on the date of termination, immediate vesting of all
options and continuation of all health related plan benefits for a period of 12 months. He shall have no obligation to seek other employment
and any income so earned shall not reduce the foregoing amounts. If he is terminated by the Company for Cause (as described below), or
at the end of the employment term, he shall not be entitled to further compensation. Under the CFO Agreement, Good Reason includes the
assignment of duties inconsistent with his title, a material reduction in salary and perquisites, the relocation of the Company s
principal office by 60 miles, if the Company asks him to perform any act which is illegal, including the commission of a crime or act
of moral turpitude, or a material breach of the CFO Agreement by the Company. Under the CFO Agreement, Cause includes conviction of crime
involving moral turpitude, failure to perform his duties to the Company, engaging in activities which are directly competitive to or
intentionally injurious to the Company, or any material breach of the CFO Agreement by Mr. Almond. 

The
above summary of the CFO Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the CFO Agreement, a copy of which was
filed as an exhibit to the Company s 8-K filed on March 4, 2015. 

44 

Employment
Agreement with Patti L. W. McGlasson 

Effective
May 1, 2006, the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with our Secretary, General Counsel and Sr. Vice President, Legal and Corporate
Affairs, Ms. Patti L. W. McGlasson. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement and its related amendments, between Ms. McGlasson and the Company
(the General Counsel Agreement ), the Company agreed to employ Ms. McGlasson as its Secretary and General Counsel from the
date of the General Counsel Agreement through June 30, 2017. According to the terms of the General Counsel Agreement, the term of the
agreement automatically extends for an additional one-year period unless notice of intent to terminate is received by either party at
least 6 months prior to the end of the term. The General Counsel Agreement was amended on July 25, 2013 and again on June 30, 2014 (the
General Counsel Agreement and all amendments referred to as the GC Agreement ). Changes made in the June 30, 2014 amendment
are effective July 1, 2014. Under the GC Agreement, Ms. McGlasson is entitled to an annualized base salary of 233,622 per annum, and
is eligible for annual bonuses at the discretion of the Chief Executive Officer. There is no change in Ms. McGlasson s salary for
fiscal year 2024. In addition, Ms. McGlasson is entitled to participate in the Company s equity incentive plans and, is entitled
to six weeks of paid vacation per calendar year. 

The
General Counsel Agreement also includes provisions respecting severance, non-solicitation, non-competition, and confidentiality obligations.
Pursuant to the General Counsel Agreement, if she terminates her employment for Good Reason (as described below), or, is terminated prior
to the end of the employment term by the Company other than for Cause (as described below) or death, she shall be entitled to all remaining
salary from the termination date until 24 months thereafter, at the rate of salary in effect on the date of termination, immediate vesting
of all options and continuation of all health related plan benefits for a period of 24 months. She shall have no obligation to seek other
employment and any income so earned shall not reduce the foregoing amounts. If she is terminated by the Company for Cause (as described
below), or at the end of the employment term, she shall not be entitled to further compensation. Under the General Counsel Agreement,
Good Reason includes the assignment of duties inconsistent with her title, a material reduction in salary and perquisites, the relocation
of the Company s principal office by 60 miles, if the Company asks her to perform any act which is illegal, including the commission
of a crime or act of moral turpitude, or a material breach of the General Counsel Agreement by the Company. Under the General Counsel
Agreement, Cause includes conviction of crime involving moral turpitude, failure to perform her duties to the Company, engaging in activities
which are directly competitive to or intentionally injurious to the Company, or any material breach of the General Counsel Agreement
by Ms. McGlasson. 

The
above summary of the General Counsel Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the General Counsel Agreement,
a copy of which was filed as an exhibit to the Company s 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2006 on September 27, 2006.
The above summary is also qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Amendment to the General Counsel Agreement,
a copy of which was filed as an exhibit to the Company s 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2010. The above summary is also qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Second Amendment to the General Counsel Agreement, a copy of which was filed as
an exhibit to the Company s 8-K filed on July 26, 2013. The above summary is also qualified in its entirety by reference to the
full text of the Third Amendment to the General Counsel Agreement, a copy of which was filed as an exhibit to the Company s 8-K
filed on July 3, 2014. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

As
of June 30, 2023, there are no outstanding stock options or grants of unvested stock awards. 

Pension
Benefits 

We
do not have any qualified or non-qualified defined benefit plans. 

Potential
Payments upon Termination or Change of Control 

Generally,
regardless of the manner in which a named executive officer s employment terminates, the executive officer is entitled to receive
amounts earned during the term of employment. Such amounts include the portion of the executive s base salary that has accrued
prior to any termination and not yet been paid, and unused vacation pay. 

In
addition, we are required to make the additional payments and/or provide additional benefits to the individuals named in the Summary
Compensation Table in the event of a termination of employment or a change of control, as set forth below. 

45 

Change-in-Control
Payments 

Najeeb
Ghauri, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

In
the event that Mr. Ghauri is terminated as a result of a change in control, he is entitled to all payments due in the event of a termination
for Cause or Good Reason and: (a) a onetime payment equal to the product of 2.99 and his salary during the preceding 12 months; (b) a
one-time payment equal to the higher of (i) Executive s bonus for the previous year and (ii) one percent of the Company s
consolidated gross revenues for the previous twelve (12) months; and at the election of the Executive, (c) a one-time cash payment equal
to the cash value of all shares eligible for exercise upon the exercise of Executive s Options then currently outstanding and exercisable
as if they had been exercised in full (the Change of Control Termination Payment ). In the event Executive elects to receive
the cash value of the shares underlying Executive s options, he shall so notify the Company of his intent. 

The
following table summarizes the potential payments to Mr. Ghauri assuming his employment with us was terminated or a change of control
occurred on June 30, 2023, the last day of our most recently completed fiscal year. 

BENEFITS
 AND PAYMENTS 
 TERMINATION 
 AFTER
 CHANGE 
 OF
 CONTROL 
 TERMINATION 
 UPON
 DEATH OR 
 DISABILITY 
 TERMINATION 
 BY
 US WITHOUT 
 CAUSE
 OR BY 
 EXECUTIVE
 FOR 
 GOOD
 REASON 

Base Salary Continuance 
 2,800,000 
 116,667 
 2,800,000 
 
 Health Related Benefits 
 69,744 
 - 
 69,744 
 
 Bonus 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Salary Multiple Pay-out 
 2,093,000 
 - 
 - 
 
 Bonus or Revenue One-time Pay-Out 
 523,932 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net Cash Value of Options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 5,486,676 
 116,667 
 2,869,744 

Roger
Almond, Chief Financial Officer 

In
the event that Mr. Almond is terminated as a result of a change in control, he is entitled to all payments due in the event of a termination
for Cause or Good Reason and: (a) a onetime payment equal to the product of 2.99 and his salary during the preceding 12 months; (b) a
one-time payment equal to the higher of (i) Executive s bonus for the previous year and (ii) one-half of one percent of the Company s
consolidated gross revenues for the previous twelve (12) months (the Change of Control Termination Payment ). 

46 

The
following table summarizes the potential payments to Mr. Almond assuming his employment with us was terminated or a change of control
occurred on June 30, 2023, the last day of our most recently completed fiscal year. 

BENEFITS
 AND PAYMENTS 
 TERMINATION 
 AFTER
 CHANGE 
 OF
 CONTROL 
 TERMINATION 
 UPON
 DEATH OR 
 DISABILITY 
 TERMINATION
 BY US WITHOUT 
 CAUSE
 OR BY 
 EXECUTIVE
 FOR 
 GOOD
 REASON 

Base Salary Continuance 
 226,000 
 37,667 
 226,000 
 
 Health related benefits 
 12,876 
 - 
 12,876 
 
 Bonus 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Salary Multiple Pay-out 
 675,740 
 - 
 - 
 
 Bonus or Revenue One-time Pay-Out 
 261,966 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net Cash Value of Options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 1,176,582 
 37,667 
 238,876 

Patti
L. W. McGlasson, Senior V.P. of Legal and Corporate Affairs, Secretary and General Counsel 

In
the event that Ms. McGlasson is terminated as a result of a change in control, she is entitled to all payments due in the event of a
termination for Cause or Good Reason and: (a) a onetime payment equal to the product of 2.99 and her salary during the preceding 12 months;
(b) a one-time payment equal to the higher of (i) Executive s bonus for the previous year and (ii) one-half of one percent of the
Company s consolidated gross revenues for the previous twelve (12) months (the Change of Control Termination Payment ). 

The
following table summarizes the potential payments to Ms. McGlasson assuming her employment with us was terminated or a change of control
occurred on June 30, 2023, the last day of our most recently completed fiscal year. 

BENEFITS
 AND PAYMENTS 
 TERMINATION 
 AFTER CHANGE 
 OF CONTROL 
 TERMINATION 
 UPON DEATH OR 
 DISABILITY 
 TERMINATION 
 BY US WITHOUT 
 CAUSE OR BY 
 EXECUTIVE FOR 
 GOOD REASON 

Base Salary Continuance 
 467,244 
 38,937 
 467,244 
 
 Health related benefits 
 23,448 
 - 
 23,448 
 
 Bonus 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Salary Multiple Pay-out 
 698,530 
 - 
 - 
 
 Bonus or Revenue One-time Pay-Out 
 261,966 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net Cash Value of Options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 1,451,188 
 38,937 
 490,692 

Director
Compensation 

Director
Compensation Policy 

Mr.
Najeeb Ghauri and Ms. Malea Farsai are not paid any fees or other compensation for services as members of our Board of Directors. 

The
Committee relied on a survey conducted by Compensation Resources, Inc. in setting the compensation for the non-employee members of our
Board of Directors. As with named executives, the aim is to compensate the Board of Directors at the mean of peer companies. Any additional
cash and/or equity compensation for the fiscal year beginning was designed to maintain this mean. 

The
non-employee members of our Board of Directors received as compensation for services as directors as well as reimbursement for documented
reasonable expenses incurred in connection with attendance at meetings of our Board of Directors and the committees thereof. 

47 

Director
Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth a summary of the compensation earned by our Directors and/or paid to certain of our Directors pursuant to
the Company s compensation policies for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, other than Najeeb Ghauri and Malea Farsai who were
paid as part of their employment agreements with the Company and not as directors. 

NAME 
 FEES
 EARNED 
 OR PAID IN 
 CASH ) 
 SHARE 

 AWARDS ) 
 TOTAL
 ) 

Mark Caton 
 53,000 
 53,000 
 106,000 
 
 Henry Tolentino 
 53,000 
 53,000 
 106,000 
 
 Kausar Kazmi 
 53,000 
 53,000 
 106,000 

159,000 
 159,000 
 318,000 

In
previous years, the committee chairs have received additional compensation, but was eliminated as part of the Company s Covid-19
mitigation measures. Independent members of our Board of Directors are also eligible to receive stock option or stock award grants both
upon joining the Board of Directors and on an annual basis in line with recommendations by the Compensation Committee, which grants are
non-qualified stock options under our Employee Stock Option Plans. Further, from time to time, the non-employee members of the Board
of Directors are eligible to receive stock grants that may be granted if and only if approved by the shareholders of the Company. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

The
current members of the Compensation Committee are Mr. Caton (Chairman), Mr. Kazmi, and Mr. Francis. All current members of the
Compensation Committee are independent directors as defined under the NASDAQ Listing Rules. None of these individuals
were at any time during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, or at any other relevant time, an officer or employee of the
Company. 

No
executive officer of the Company serves as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or
more executive officers serving as a member of the Company s Board of Directors or Compensation Committee. 

Employee
Equity Plans 

OPTIONS: 

Number
 of 
 Options 
 Authorized 
 Options 

 Grants 
 Issued 
 Options
 Grants 
 Cancelled / 
 Expired 
 Available 

 for Issue 
 Options
 Issued 
 but Outstanding 

The 2005 stock option plan 
 500,000 
 499,859 
 - 
 141 
 - 
 
 The 2013 stock option plan 
 1,250,000 
 1,192,876 
 - 
 57,124 
 - 
 
 The 2015 stock option
 plan 
 1,250,000 
 943,578 
 - 
 306,422 
 - 

3,700,000 
 3,336,313 
 - 
 363,687 
 - 

48 

ITEM
12- SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of the Company s Common Stock, its only class
of outstanding voting securities as of September 15, 2023, by (i) each person who is known to the Company to own beneficially more than
5 of the outstanding common Stock with the address of each such person, (ii) each of the Company s present directors and officers,
and (iii) all officers and directors as a group: 

Number of
 Shares 

Name
 of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Beneficially
 Owned (2) 
 Percentage 
 
 Najeeb Ghauri 
 (3) 
 823,656 
 7.26 
 
 Naeem Ghauri 
 (3) 
 416,697 
 3.67 
 
 Mark Caton 
 (3) 
 121,021 
 1.07 
 
 Henry Tolentino 
 (3) 
 46,752 

Kausar Kazmi 
 (3) 
 30,884 

Michael Francis 
 (3) 
 - 

Patti McGlasson 
 (3) 
 81,050 

Roger Almond 
 (3) 
 30,000 

Malea Farsai 
 (3) 
 39,811 

Todd M Felte 
 (5) 
 690,847 
 6.09 
 
 The Vanguard Group 
 (6) 
 589,481 
 5.20 
 
 All officers and directors
 as a group (nine persons) 
 
 1,589,871 
 14.01 

Less than one percent 

He is no longer director of the Company 

(1)
Except as otherwise indicated, the Company believes that the beneficial owners of the common stock listed below, based on information
furnished by such owners, have sole investment and voting power with respect to such shares, subject to community property laws where
applicable. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes
voting or investment power with respect to securities. 

(2)
Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with
respect to securities. Shares of common stock relating to share grants that will vest or options currently exercisable or exercisable
within 60 days of September 15, 2023, are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person holding such securities but are
not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. Except as indicated by footnote, and subject to community property
laws where applicable, the persons named in the table above have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares shown as
beneficially owned by them. 

(3)
Address c/o NetSol Technologies, Inc. at 16000 Ventura Blvd., Suite 770, Encino, CA 91436. 

(4)
Shares issued and outstanding as of September 15, 2023 were 11,345,856. 

(5)
5 or greater shareholder based on Schedule 13G filing on April 13, 2023. 

(6)
5 or greater shareholder based on Schedule 13G filing on June 30, 2023. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Transactions
with Related Persons, Promoters and Certain Control Persons 

Other
than compensation arrangements for our executive officers and directors, which are described under Executive and Director Compensation ,
since July 1, 2022, there are no transactions to which we were a party in which (i) the amount involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser
of 120,000 of one percent (1 of our average total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years and (ii) any of our directors,
executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or any member of the immediate family of, or person sharing the household
with, any of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

49 

Director
Independence 

The
Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq requires that a majority of our board of directors must be composed of independent
directors, which is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any
other individual having a relationship, which, in the opinion of the company s board of directors would interfere with the director s
exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The board has determined that Mark Caton, Kausar
Kazmi, Mr. Henry Tolentino, and Michael Francis are independent . Our board currently consists of three independent directors
and two non-independent directors. Mr. Tolentino s term ended in June 2023 and Mr. Francis was elected to the Board of Directors
in June 2023. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees 

BF
Borgers audited the Company s financial statements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. The aggregate fees billed
by principal accountants for the annual audit and review of financial statements included in the Company s Form 10-K, services
related to providing an opinion in connection with our public offering of shares of common stock and/or services that are normally provided
by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements was 262,500 and 250,000 for the years ended June
30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Tax
Fees 

Tax
fees for fiscal year 2023 were 16,000 and consisted of the preparation of the Company s federal and state tax returns for the
fiscal years 2022. Tax fees for fiscal year 2022 were 16,000 and consisted of the preparation of the Company s federal and state
tax returns for the fiscal year 2021. 

All
Other Fees 

No
other fees were paid to principal accountant during the fiscal year 2023 and 2022. 

Pre-Approval
Procedures 

The
Audit Committee and the Board of Directors are responsible for the engagement of the independent auditors and for approving, in advance,
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors. The Audit Committee maintains a policy
for the engagement of the independent auditors that is intended to maintain the independent auditor s independence from NetSol.
In adopting the policy, the Audit Committee considered the various services that the independent auditors have historically performed
or may be needed to perform in the future. The policy, which is to be reviewed and re-adopted at least annually by the Audit Committee: 

(i)
Approves the performance by the independent auditors of certain types of service (principally audit-related and tax), subject to restrictions
in some cases, based on the Committee s determination that this would not be likely to impair the independent auditors independence
from NetSol; 

(ii)
Requires that management obtain the specific prior approval of the Audit Committee for each engagement of the independent auditors to
perform other types of permitted services; and 

(iii)
Prohibits the performance by the independent auditors of certain types of services due to the likelihood that their independence would
be impaired. 

Any
approval required under the policy must be given by the Audit Committee, by the Chair of the Committee in office at the time, or by any
other Committee member to whom the Committee has delegated that authority. The Audit Committee does not delegate its responsibilities
to approve services performed by the independent auditors to any member of management. 

The
standard applied by the Audit Committee in determining whether to grant approval of an engagement of the independent auditors is whether
the services to be performed, the compensation to be paid therefore and other related factors are consistent with the independent auditors 
independence under guidelines of the Securities and Exchange Commission and applicable professional standards. Relevant considerations
include, but are not limited to, whether the work product is likely to be subject to, or implicated in, audit procedures during the audit
of NetSol s financial statements; whether the independent auditors would be functioning in the role of management or in an advocacy
role; whether performance of the service by the independent auditors would enhance NetSol s ability to manage or control risk or
improve audit quality; whether performance of the service by the independent auditors would increase efficiency because of their familiarity
with NetSol s business, personnel, culture, systems, risk profile and other factors; and whether the amount of fees involved, or
the proportion of the total fees payable to the independent auditors in the period that is for tax and other non-audit services, would
tend to reduce the independent auditors ability to exercise independent judgment in performing the audit. 

50 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K 

(a)
Exhibits 

3.1 Articles
 of Incorporation of Mirage Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation, dated March 18, 1997, incorporated
 by reference as Exhibit 3.1 to NETSOL s Registration Statement No. 333-28861 filed
 on Form SB-2 filed June 10, 1997. 
 
 3.2 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation dated May 21, 1999, incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.2
 to NETSOL s Annual Report for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1999 on Form 10K-SB filed
 September 28, 1999. 
 
 3.3 Amendment
 to the Articles of Incorporation of NETSOL International, Inc. dated March 20, 2002 incorporated
 by reference as Exhibit 3.3 to NETSOL s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB/A filed on February
 2, 2001. 
 
 3.4 Amendment
 to the Articles of Incorporation of NetSol Technologies, Inc. dated August 20, 2003 filed
 as Exhibit A to NETSOL s Definitive Proxy Statement filed June 27, 2003. 
 
 3.5 Amendment
 to the Articles of Incorporation of NetSol Technologies, Inc. dated March 14, 2005 filed
 as Exhibit 3.0 to NETSOL s quarterly report filed on Form 10-QSB for the period ended
 March 31, 2005. 
 
 3.6 Amendment
 to the Articles of Incorporation dated October 18, 2006 filed as Exhibit 3.5 to NETSOL s
 Annual Report for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2007 on Form 10-KSB. 
 
 3.7 Amendment
 to Articles of Incorporation dated May 12, 2008. 
 
 3.8 Amendment
 to the Articles of Incorporation dated August 6, 2012, filed as Appendix A to NETSOL s
 Definitive Proxy Statement filed June 14, 2012. 
 
 3.9 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws of NetSol Technologies, Inc. dated February 9, 2018 . 
 
 4.1 Form
 of Common Stock Certificate. 
 
 10.1 Stock
 Purchase Agreement dated May 6, 2006 by and between the Company, McCue Systems, Inc. and
 the shareholders of McCue Systems, Inc. incorporated by reference as Exhibit 2.1 to NETSOL s
 Current Report filed on form 8-K on May 8, 2006. 
 
 10.3 Employment
 Agreement by and between NetSol Technologies, Inc. and Patti L. W. McGlasson dated May 1,
 2006 incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.20 to NETSOL s Annual Report on form 10-KSB
 dated September 18, 2006. 
 
 10.4 Employment
 Agreement by and between the Company and Najeeb Ghauri dated January 1, 2007 filed as Exhibit
 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report filed on Form 10-KSB for the year ended June 30,
 2007. 
 
 10.5 Employment
 Agreement by and between the Company and Naeem Ghauri dated January 1, 2007 filed as Exhibit
 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report filed on Form 10-KSB for the year ended June 30,
 2007. 
 
 10.6 Amendment
 to Employment Agreement by and between Company and Najeeb Ghauri dated effective January
 1, 2007. 
 
 10.7 Amendment
 to Employment Agreement by and between Company and Naeem Ghauri dated effective January 1,
 2007. 
 
 10.8 Company
 2005 Stock Option Plan incorporated by reference as Exhibit 1.1 to NETSOL s Definitive
 Proxy Statement filed on March 3, 2006. 
 
 10.9 Amendment
 to Employment Agreement by and between Company and Najeeb Ghauri dated effective January
 1, 2010. 
 
 10.10 Amendment
 to Employment Agreement by and between Company and Naeem Ghauri dated effective January 1,
 2010. 
 
 10.11 Amendment
 to Employment Agreement by and between Company and Patti L. W. McGlasson dated effective
 April 1, 2010. 
 
 10.12 Company s
 2011 Equity Incentive and Nonstatutory Plan incorporated by reference as Appendix A to NETSOL s
 Proxy Statement filed on April 11, 2011. 
 
 10.13 Company s
 2013 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated by reference as Appendix A to NETSOL s Definitive
 Proxy Statement filed on May 29, 2013. 
 
 10.14 Amendment
 to Employment Agreement between NetSol Technologies, Inc. and Najeeb Ghauri dated effective
 July 25, 2013. 
 
 10.15 Amendment
 to Employment Agreement between NetSol Technologies, Inc. and Patti L.W. McGlasson dated
 effective July 25, 2013. 
 
 10.16 Restated
 Charter of the Compensation Committee dated effective September 10, 2013. 

51 

10.17 Restated
 Charter of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee dated effective September 10,
 2013. 
 
 10.18 Restated
 Charter of the Audit Committee dated effective September 10, 2013. 
 
 10.19 Restated
 Code of Business Conduct Ethics dated effective September 10, 2013. 
 
 10.20 Company s
 2015 Equity Incentive Plan incorporated by reference as Appendix A to NETSOL s Definitive
 Proxy Statement filed on April 15, 2015. 
 
 21.1 A
 list of all subsidiaries of the Company (1) 
 
 31.1 Certification
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (CEO) (1) 
 
 31.2 Certification
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (CFO) (1) 
 
 32.1 Certification
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 (CEO) (1) 
 
 32.2 Certification
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 act of 2002 (CFO) (1) 

101.INS 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DFE 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Previously
Filed 

 (1)
Filed Herewith 

52 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Exchange Act, the Registrant caused this amended report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NetSol
 Technologies, Inc. 

Date: 
 September 22, 2023 
 BY:
 
 /S/
 NAJEEB GHAURI 

Najeeb
 Ghauri 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Date: 
 September 22, 2023 
 BY:
 
 /S/
 ROGER K. ALMOND 

Roger
 K. Almond 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Principal
 Financial Officer 

53 

In
accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Date: 
 September 22, 2023 
 BY:
 
 /S/
 NAJEEB U. GHAURI 

Najeeb
 U. Ghauri 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Director,
 Chairman 

Date: 
 September 22, 2023 
 BY:
 
 /S/ROGER
 K. ALMOND 

Roger
 K. Almond 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Principal
 Accounting Officer 

Date: 
 September 22, 2023 
 BY: 
 /S/
 MARK CATON 

Mark
 Caton 

Director 

Date: 
 September 22, 2023 
 BY: 
 /S/
 MALEA FARSAI 

Malea
 Farsai 

Director 

Date: 
 September 22, 2023 
 BY: 
 /S/
 MICHAEL FRANCIS 

Michael
 Francis 

Director 

Date: 
 September 22, 2023 
 BY: 
 /S/
 KAUSAR KAZMI 

Kausar
 Kazmi 

Director 

54 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Description 
 
 Page 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Financial
 Statements Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statement of Equity for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 
 F-8 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-10 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of NetSol Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of NetSol Technologies, Inc. as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated
statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/S/
 (PCAOB ID 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020 

September
22, 2023 

F- 2 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

As of 
 As of 

June
 30, 2023 
 June
 30, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash
 equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net
 of allowance of and 

Revenues in excess of billings,
 net of allowance of and 

Other
 current assets 

Total current assets 

Revenues in excess of billings, net - long
 term 
 - 

Property and equipment, net 

Right of use assets - operating leases 

Long term investment 

Other assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Total
 assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued
 expenses 

Current portion of loans
 and obligations under finance leases 

Current portion of operating
 lease obligations 

Unearned
 revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Loans and obligations under finance leases;
 less current maturities 

Operating lease obligations;
 less current maturities 

Total
 liabilities 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; 
 shares authorized; 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value;
 shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023 shares issued and
 outstanding as of June 30, 2022 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Treasury stock (at cost, shares as
 of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022) 

Accumulated deficit 

Other
 comprehensive loss 

Total NetSol stockholders 
 equity 

Non-controlling
 interest 

Total
 stockholders equity 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

2023 
 2022 

For the Years 

Ended
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net Revenues: 

License fees 

Subscription and support 

Services 

Total net revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research
 and development cost 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income and (expenses) 

Interest expense 

Interest income 

Gain on foreign currency
 exchange transactions 

Share of net loss from
 equity investment 

Other
 income (expense) 

Total
 other income (expenses) 

Net income (loss) before
 income taxes 

Income
 tax provision 

Net income (loss) 

Non-controlling
 interest 

Net
 income (loss) attributable to NetSol 

Net income (loss) per share: 

Net income (loss) per common
 share 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

Basic 

Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

2023 
 2022 

For the Years 

Ended
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net
 income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income
 (loss): 

Translation adjustment 

Translation
 adjustment attributable to non-controlling interest 

Net
 translation adjustment 

Comprehensive
 income (loss) attributable to NetSol 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statement of Stockholders Equity 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Interest 
 Equity 

Additional 

Other 
 Non 
 Total 

Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Treasury 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Controlling 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Interest 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2021 

Subsidiary common stock issued for: 

-Services 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Common stock issued for: 

Services 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Purchase of treasury shares 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Purchase of subsidiary treasury shares 

Adjustment in APIC for purchase of subsidiary
 treasury shares 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Fair value of subsidiary options issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) for
 the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statement of Stockholders Equity 

 For
the Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Additional 

Other 
 Non 
 Total 

Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Treasury 
 Accumulated 
 Comprehensive 
 Controlling 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Interest 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2022 

Common stock issued for: 

Services 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Adjustment in APIC for change in subsidiary
 shares to non-controlling interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Fair value of subsidiary options issued 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Acquisition of non-controlling interest in
 subsidiary 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net income (loss) for
 the year 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

The
 accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

2023 
 2022 

For the Years 

Ended
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating
 activities: 

Net income
 (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Provision for bad debts 

Goodwill impairment 
 - 

Impairment and share of
 net loss from investment under equity method 

Loss on sale of assets 

Stock based compensation 

Changes
 in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Revenues in excess of billing 

Other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued
 expenses 

Unearned
 revenue 

Net
 cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing
 activities: 

Purchases of property and
 equipment 

Sales
 of property and equipment 

Net
 cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing
 activities: 

Purchase of treasury stock 
 - 

Purchase of subsidiary
 treasury stock 

Proceeds from bank loans 

Payments
 on finance lease obligations and loans - net 

Net
 cash used in financing activities 

Effect
 of exchange rate changes 

Net decrease in cash and
 cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents
 at beginning of the period 

Cash
 and cash equivalents at end of period 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 

For the Years 

Ended
 June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES: 

Cash paid during the period
 for: 

Interest 

Taxes 

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Assets
 acquired under finance lease 
 - 

Shares
 issued to vendor for services received 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

in each bank and in the UK for GBP in each bank. The Company
maintains three bank accounts in China and nine bank accounts in the UK. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company had uninsured deposits
related to cash deposits in accounts maintained within foreign entities of approximately and , respectively. The
Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

The
Company s operations are carried out globally. Accordingly, the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations
may be influenced by the political, economic and legal environments of each country and by the general state of the country s economy.
The Company s operations in each foreign country are subject to specific considerations and significant risks not typically associated
with companies in economically developed nations. These include risks associated with, among others, the political, economic and legal
environments and foreign currency exchange. The Company s results may be adversely affected by changes in governmental policies
with respect to laws and regulations, anti-inflationary measures, currency conversion and remittance abroad, and rates and methods of
taxation, among other things. 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

to Years 
 
 Office
 furniture and equipment 

to Years 
 
 Building 

Years 
 
 Autos 

Years 
 
 Assets
 under capital leases 

to Years 
 
 Improvements 

to Years 

The
Company capitalizes costs of materials, consultants, and payroll and payroll-related costs for employees incurred in developing internal-use
computer software. These costs are included with Computer equipment and software. 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

Total 
 - 
 - 

Amortization during the period 
 - 

Transfers to short term 
 
 - 

Effect of Translation
 Adjustment 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

Amortization during the period 
 - 

Transfers to short term 
 
 - 

Effect of Translation
 Adjustment 

Balance at June 30, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 

The
Company used the discounted cash flow method with an interest rate of for the year ended June 30, 2022. 

Management
analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities From
Equity and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging. Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value
at each period end, with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to fair value
of derivatives. The effects of interactions between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving at the overall
fair value of the financial instruments. In addition, the fair values of freestanding derivative instruments such as warrants and option
derivatives are valued using the Black-Scholes model. 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

and ,
respectively. 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

In
March 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial
Reporting , which provides practical expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions
affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. The elective amendments provide expedients to contract modification, affected
by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. The expedients and exceptions provided by this guidance apply only to contracts,
hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference the London interbank offered rate LIBOR or another reference
rate expected to be discontinued as a result of reference rate reform. This guidance is not applicable to contract modifications made
and hedging relationships entered into or evaluated after December 31, 2022. The guidance can be applied immediately through December
31, 2022. The adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In
August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ,
 which simplifies accounting for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles (GAAP). In addition, the ASU removes certain settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts
to qualify for the derivative scope exception, which will permit more equity contracts to qualify for it and simplifies
the diluted earnings per share (EPS) calculation in certain areas. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2021 and interim periods therein, and was adopted by the Company on July 1, 2022. The adoption of the new standard did not have a
material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

Non-Core
Revenue 

The
Company generates its non-core revenue by providing business process outsourcing BPO ), other IT services and internet
services. 

Performance
Obligations 

A
performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of account under
Topic 606. The transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance
obligation is satisfied by transferring the promised good or service to the customer. The Company identifies and tracks the performance
obligations at contract inception so that the Company can monitor and account for the performance obligations over the life of the contract. 

The
Company s contracts which contain multiple performance obligations generally consist of the initial purchase of subscription or
licenses and a professional services engagement. License purchases generally have multiple performance obligations as customers purchase
post contract support and services in addition to the licenses. The Company s single performance obligation arrangements are typically
post contract support renewals, subscription renewals and services engagements. 

For
contracts with multiple performance obligations where the contracted price differs from the standalone selling price SSP for any distinct good or service, the Company may be required to allocate the contract s transaction price to each performance
obligation using its best estimate for the SSP. 

Software
Licenses 

Transfer
of control for software is considered to have occurred upon delivery of the product to the customer. The Company s typical payment
terms tend to vary by region, but its standard payment terms are within 30 days of invoice. 

Subscription 

Subscription
revenue is recognized ratably over the initial subscription period committed to by the customer commencing when the product is made available
to the customer. The initial subscription period is typically 12 to 60 months. The Company generally invoices its customers in advance
in quarterly or annual installments and typical payment terms provide that customers make payment within 30 days of invoice. 

Post
Contract Support 

Revenue
from support services and product updates, referred to as subscription and support revenue, is recognized ratably over the term of the
maintenance period, which in most instances is one year. Software license updates provide customers with rights to unspecified software
product updates and patches released during the term of the support period on a when-and-if available basis. The Company s customers
purchase both product support and license updates when they acquire new software licenses. In addition, a majority of customers renew
their support services contracts annually and typical payment terms provide that customers make payment within 30 days of invoice. 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

Professional
Services 

Revenue
from professional services is typically comprised of implementation, development, data migration, training or other consulting services.
Consulting services are generally sold on a time-and-materials or fixed fee basis and can include services ranging from software installation
to data conversion and building non-complex interfaces to allow the software to operate in integrated environments. The Company recognizes
revenue for time-and-materials arrangements as the services are performed. In fixed fee arrangements, revenue is recognized as services
are performed as measured by costs incurred to date, compared to total estimated costs to complete the services project. Management applies
judgment when estimating project status and the costs necessary to complete the services projects. A number of internal and external
factors can affect these estimates, including labor rates, utilization and efficiency variances and specification and testing requirement
changes. Services are generally invoiced upon milestones in the contract or upon consumption of the hourly resources and payments are
typically due 30 days after invoice. 

BPO
and Internet Services 

Revenue
from BPO services is recognized based on the stage of completion which is measured by reference to labor hours incurred to date as a
percentage of total estimated labor hours for each contract. Internet services are invoiced either monthly, quarterly or half yearly
in advance to the customers and revenue is recognized ratably overtime on a monthly basis. 

Disaggregated
Revenue 

The
Company disaggregates revenue from contracts with customers by category core and non-core, as it believes it best depicts how
the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. 

Subscription and support 

Services 

Total core revenue, net 

Non-Core: 

Services 

Total non-core revenue, net 

Total net revenue 

Significant
Judgments 

More
judgments and estimates are required under Topic 606 than were required under Topic 605. Due to the complexity of certain contracts,
the actual revenue recognition treatment required under Topic 606 for the Company s arrangements may be dependent on contract-specific
terms and may vary in some instances. 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

Judgment
is required to determine the SSP for each distinct performance obligation. The Company rarely licenses or sells products on a stand-alone
basis, so the Company is required to estimate the range of SSPs for each performance obligation. In instances where SSP is not directly
observable because the Company does not sell the license, product or service separately, the Company determines the SSP using information
that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. In making these judgments, the Company analyzes various factors, including
its pricing methodology and consistency, size of the arrangement, length of term, customer demographics and overall market and economic
conditions. Based on these results, the estimated SSP is set for each distinct product or service delivered to customers. 

The
most significant inputs involved in the Company s revenue recognition policies are: The (1) stand-alone selling prices of the Company s
software license, and the (2) the method of recognizing revenue for installation/customization, and other services. 

The
stand-alone selling price of the licenses was measured primarily through an analysis of pricing that management evaluated when quoting
prices to customers. Although the Company has no history of selling its software separately from post contract support and other services,
the Company does have historical experience with amending contracts with customers to provide additional modules of its software or providing
those modules at an optional price. This information guides the Company in assessing the stand-alone selling price of the Company s
software, since the Company can observe instances where a customer had a particular component of the Company s software that was
essentially priced separate from other goods and services that the Company delivered to that customer. 

The
Company recognizes revenue from implementation and customization services using the percentage of estimated man-days that
the work requires. The Company believes the level of effort to complete the services is best measured by the amount of time (measured
as an employee working for one day on implementation/customization work) that is required to complete the implementation or customization
work. The Company reviews its estimate of man-days required to complete implementation and customization services each reporting period. 

Revenue
is recognized over time for the Company s subscription, post contract support and fixed fee professional services that are separate
performance obligations. For the Company s professional services, revenue is recognized over time, generally using costs incurred
or hours expended to measure progress. Judgment is required in estimating project status and the costs necessary to complete projects.
A number of internal and external factors can affect these estimates, including labor rates, utilization, specification variances and
testing requirement changes. 

If
a group of agreements are entered at or near the same time and so closely related that they are, in effect, part of a single arrangement,
such agreements are deemed to be combined as one arrangement for revenue recognition purposes. The Company exercises significant judgment
to evaluate the relevant facts and circumstances in determining whether agreements should be accounted for separately or as a single
arrangement. The Company s judgments about whether a group of contracts comprise a single arrangement can affect the allocation
of consideration to the distinct performance obligations, which could have an effect on results of operations for the periods involved. 

If
a contract includes variable consideration, the Company exercises judgment in estimating the amount of consideration to which the entity
will be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services to a customer. When estimating variable consideration, the
Company will consider all relevant facts and circumstances. Variable consideration will be estimated and included in the contract price
only when it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of revenue recognized will not occur. 

Contract
Balances 

The
timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers and these timing differences result in receivables,
contract assets (revenues in excess of billings), or contract liabilities (unearned revenue) on the Company s Consolidated Balance
Sheets. The Company records revenues in excess of billings when the Company has transferred goods or services but does not yet have the
right to consideration. The Company records unearned revenue when the Company has received or has the right to receive consideration
but has not yet transferred goods or services to the customer. 

The
revenues in excess of billings are transferred to receivables when the rights to consideration become unconditional, usually upon completion
of a milestone. 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

Unearned revenue 

Invoiced 

Revenue Recognized 

Adjustments 

Balance at June 30, 2022 

Invoiced 

Revenue Recognized 

Adjustments 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

At
June 30, 2023, the Company recorded a provision of against revenues in excess of billings related to an overdue balance from
a customer in the Asia-Pacific segment, which the Company determined to be uncollectible. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company recognized revenue of ,
which was included in the unearned revenue balance at the beginning of the period. All other activity in unearned revenue is due to the
timing of invoicing in relation to the timing of revenue recognition. 

Revenue
allocated to remaining performance obligations represents the transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that are unsatisfied,
or partially unsatisfied, which includes unearned revenue and amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods.
Contracted but unsatisfied performance obligations were approximately as of June 30, 2023, of which the Company estimates
to recognize approximately in revenue over the next 12 months and the remainder over an estimated 3 years thereafter. Actual
revenue recognition depends in part on the timing of software modules installed at various customer sites. Accordingly, some factors
that affect the Company s revenue, such as the availability and demand for modules within customer geographic locations, is not
entirely within the Company s control. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing,
the Company has determined that its contracts generally do not include a significant financing component. The primary purpose of invoicing
terms is to provide customers with simplified and predictable ways of purchasing the Company s products and services, and not to
facilitate financing arrangements. 

Unearned
Revenue 

The
Company typically invoices its customers for subscription and support fees in advance on a quarterly or annual basis, with payment due
at the start of the subscription or support term. Unpaid invoice amounts for non-cancelable license and services starting in future periods
are included in accounts receivable and unearned revenue. 

Practical
Expedients and Exemptions 

There
are several practical expedients and exemptions allowed under Topic 606 that impact timing of revenue recognition and the Company s
disclosures. The Company has applied the following practical expedients: 

The Company does not evaluate a contract for a significant financing component if payment is expected within one year or less from the
transfer of the promised items to the customer. 

The Company generally expenses sales commissions and sales agent fees when incurred when the amortization period would have been one
year or less or the commissions are based on cashed received. These costs are recorded within sales and marketing expense in the Consolidated
Statement of Operations. 

The Company does not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts for which the Company recognizes revenue
at the amount to which it has the right to invoice for services performed (applies to time-and-material engagements). 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

Costs
to Obtain a Contract 

The
Company does not have a material amount of costs to obtain a contract capitalized at any balance sheet date. In general, the Company
incurs few direct incremental costs of obtaining new customer contracts. The Company rarely incurs incremental costs to review or otherwise
enter into contractual arrangements with customers. In addition, the Company s sales personnel receive fees that are referred to
as commissions, but that are based on more than simply signing up new customers. The Company s sales personnel are required to
perform additional duties beyond new customer contract inception dates, including fulfillment duties and collections efforts. 

Gain on foreign currency exchange
 transactions 

Foreign currency translation gain (loss) on 

investment in WRLD3D 
 
 Other income (expense) 

Total reclassification
 for the period 

NTPK
Thailand had been a dormant company in Thailand since 2016 when it was replaced by NetSol Technologies Thailand Limited. During the year
ended June 30, 2023, the dissolution of NTPK Thailand was finalized by Thailand s authorities. 

outstanding
dilutive instruments. 

representing of revenues.
During the year ended June 30, 2022, revenues from Daimler Financial Services DFS were representing 
of revenues. The revenue from DFS are shown in the Asia Pacific segment. 

Accounts
receivable from DFS at June 30, 2023 and 2022 were and , respectively. Revenues in excess of billings at June 30,
2023 and 2022 were and , respectively. 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

Advance Income Tax 

Employee Advances 

Security Deposits 

Other Receivables 

Other Assets 

Net Balance 

Present value discount 
 - 

Net Balance 
 - 

Pursuant
to revenue recognition for contract accounting, the Company had recorded revenues in excess of billings long-term for amounts billable
after one year. During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company accreted and , respectively, which was recorded
in interest income for that period. The Company used the discounted cash flow method with an interest rate of during the years
ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

Computer Equipment 

Assets Under Capital Leases 

Building 

Land 

Autos 

Improvements 

Subtotal 

Accumulated Depreciation 

Property and Equipment,
 Net 

For
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, depreciation expense totaled and , respectively. Of these amounts, 
and , respectively, are reflected in cost of revenues. 

Total 

Less: Accumulated Depreciation
 - Net 

Fixed assets held under
 capital leases, Total 

Years 
 
 Years 

Weighted average discount
 rate - Finance leases 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

to years under leases classified
as financing and operating. For certain leases, the Company has options to extend the lease term for additional periods ranging from
 to years. 

The
Company treats a contract as a lease when the contract conveys the right to use a physically distinct asset for a period of time in exchange
for consideration, or the Company directs the use of the asset and obtains substantially all the economic benefits of the asset. These
leases are recorded as right-of-use ROU assets and lease obligation liabilities for leases with terms greater than 12
months. ROU assets represent the Company s right to use an underlying asset for the entirety of the lease term. Lease liabilities
represent the Company s obligation to make payments over the life of the lease. A ROU asset and a lease liability are recognized
at commencement of the lease based on the present value of the lease payments over the life of the lease. Initial direct costs are included
as part of the ROU asset upon commencement of the lease. Since the interest rate implicit in a lease is generally not readily determinable
for the operating leases, the Company uses an incremental borrowing rate to determine the present value of the lease payments. The incremental
borrowing rate represents the rate of interest the Company would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar lease
term to obtain an asset of similar value. For finance leases, the Company used the incremental borrowing rate implicit in the lease. 

The
Company reviews the impairment of ROU assets consistent with the approach applied for the Company s other long-lived assets. The
Company reviews the recoverability of long-lived assets when events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate that the carrying
value of the asset may not be recoverable. The assessment of possible impairment is based on the Company s ability to recover the
carrying value of the asset from the expected undiscounted future pre-tax cash flows of the related operations. 

The
Company elected the practical expedient to exclude short-term leases (leases with original terms of 12 months or less) from ROU asset
and lease liability accounts. 

Lease
expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, while variable lease payments are expensed as incurred. Variable
payments change due to facts or circumstances occurring after the commencement date, other than the passage of time, and do not result
in a re-measurement of lease liabilities. The Company s variable lease payments include payments for finance leases that are adjusted
based on a change in the Karachi Inter Bank Offer Rate. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any significant residual
value guarantees or restrictive covenants. 

Liabilities 

Current 

Operating 

Operating, Current 

Non-current 

Operating 

Operating, Non Current 

Total Lease Liabilities 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

Interest on finance lease obligation 

Operating lease cost 

Short term lease cost 

Sub lease income 

Total lease cost 

Years 
 
 Years 

Weighted average discount
 rate - Operating leases 

Operating cash flows
 related to finance leases 

Financing cash flows
 related finance leases 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

Within year 2 

Within year 3 

Within year 4 

Within year 5 

Thereafter 

Total Lease Payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present Value of lease liabilities 

Less: Current portion 

Non-Current portion 

The
Company is a lessor for certain office space leased by the Company and sub-leased to others under non-cancelable leases. These lease
agreements provide for a fixed base rent and terminate by January 2027. All leases are considered operating leases. There are no rights
to purchase the premises and no residual value guarantees. For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company received lease income
of and , respectively. 

The
Company signed an agreement for office space in Austin, Texas in April 2023 with effective date of August 2023. The lease agreement is
a three year agreement with monthly payments ranging from for year one to for year three. 

in Drivemate. Per the Drivemate Agreement, the Company purchased
 preferred shares for consisting of cash to be paid over a two-year period and to be provided in
services. The Company has paid the in cash and has provided services of . . 

During
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company performed services of nil and , respectively. 

Under
the equity method of accounting, the Company recorded its share of net income of and share of net loss of for the years
ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. For the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company performed a fair value analysis and determined
that the carrying amount of the investment exceeded the investment s fair value; therefore, the Company recorded an impairment
of . The impairment expense is recorded in the line item share of net loss under equity method in the Consolidated
Statement of Operations . 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

Cumulative net loss on investment 

Share of net income for the year 
 - 
 
 Impairment 

Net investment at June 30, 2022 

Beginning balance, net investment 

Share of net income for the year 

Impairment 

Net investment at June 30, 2023 

Ending balance, net
 investment 

Effect of Translation Adjustment 

Accumulated Amortization 

Net
 Balance 

Product
Licenses 

Product
licenses include internally-developed software cost. Product licenses are amortized on a straight-line basis over their respective lives,
and the unamortized amount of will be amortized over one month. Amortization expense for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022
was and , respectively. 

NTE (Europe) 

NTA (North America) 

Total 

The
Company tests for goodwill impairment at each reporting unit and recorded an impairment of at June 30, 2022. The Company performed
the goodwill analysis using an income approach. 

Accrued Liabilities 

Accrued Payroll 

Accrued Payroll Taxes 

Taxes Payable 

Other Payable 

Total 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

- 
 
 Bank Overdraft Facility 
 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Term Finance Facility 
 (3) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loan Payable Bank - Export Refinance 
 (4) 

- 
 
 Loan Payable Bank - Running Finance 
 (5) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loan Payable Bank - Export Refinance II 
 (6) 

- 
 
 Loan Payable Bank - Export Refinance III 
 (7) 

- 
 
 Sale and Leaseback Financing 
 (8) 

Term Finance Facility 
 (9) 

- 
 
 Insurance Financing 
 (10) 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Subsidiary Finance Leases 
 (11) 

As of June 30, 2022 

Current 
 Long-Term 
 
 Name 
 
 Total 
 Maturities 
 Maturities 

D O Insurance 
 (1) 

- 
 
 Bank Overdraft Facility 
 (2) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Term Finance Facility 
 (3) 

- 
 
 Loan Payable Bank - Export Refinance 
 (4) 

- 
 
 Loan Payable Bank - Running Finance 
 (5) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Loan Payable Bank - Export Refinance II 
 (6) 

- 
 
 Loan Payable Bank - Export Refinance III 
 (7) 

- 
 
 Sale and Leaseback Financing 
 (8) 

Term Finance Facility 
 (9) 

Insurance Financing 
 (10) 

- 

Subsidiary Finance Leases 
 (11) 

(1) to and to as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

(2) , or approximately
 . The annual interest rate was and as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The total outstanding balance as of
June 30, 2023 and 2022 was nil . 

This overdraft facility
 requires that the aggregate amount of invoiced trade debtors (net of provisions for bad and doubtful debts and excluding intra-group
 debtors) of NTE, not exceeding 90 days old, will not be less than an amount equal to of the facility. As of June 30, 2023, NTE
 was in compliance with this covenant. 

(3) or , at June 30, 2022, which is shown as current. The interest rate
for the loan was at June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

(4) or and Rs. or at June
30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The interest rate for the loan was and at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

(5) or and Rs. or , at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The balance outstanding
at June 30, 2023 and 2022 was Rs. Nil . The interest rate for the loan was and at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

. 

(6) or and Rs. or , at
June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The interest rate for the loan was and at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

. 

(7) or and Rs. or ,
at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. NetSol PK used Rs. or and Rs. or , at June 30,
2023 and 2022, respectively. The interest rate for the loan was and at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

(8) or of which was shown as long term and as current.
As of June 30, 2022, NetSol PK used Rs. or of which was shown as long term and as current. The
interest rate for the loan was ranging from to at June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

(9) , or ,
for a period of 5 years with monthly payments of , or . As of June 30, 2023, the subsidiary has used this facility
up to , which was shown as current. The interest rate was at June 30, 2023. 

(10) was
recorded in current maturities, at June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The interest rate on this financing ranged from to 
as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

(11) 

Within
 year 2 

Total Minimum Lease Payments 

Interest Expense relating
 to future periods 

Present Value of minimum lease payments 

Less: Current portion 

Current portion of loans and obligations under finance leases 

Non-Current portion 

Loans and obligations under finance leases; less current maturities 

Within year 2 

Within
 year 3 

Total Loan Payments 

Less: Current portion 

Non-Current portion 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

Foreign operations 

Net income before income
 taxes 

Foreign 

Deferred: 

Federal 
 - 
 - 
 
 State and Local 
 - 
 - 
 
 Foreign 
 - 
 - 
 
 Provision for income
 taxes 

State income (benefit) taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Foreign earnings taxed at different rates 
 
 - 

Change in valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 
 
 - 

Other 
 
 - 

Provision for income taxes 
 
 - 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

Other 

Net deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance
 for deferred tax assets 

Net deferred tax assets 
 - 
 - 

The
Company has established a full valuation allowance as management believes it is more likely than not that these assets will not be realized
in the future. The valuation allowance increased by for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

At
June 30, 2023, federal and state net operating loss carry forwards in the United States of America were and , respectively.
Federal net operating loss carry forwards begin to , while state net operating loss carry forwards are expiring each year.
Due to both historical and recent changes in the capitalization structure of the Company, the utilization of net operating losses may
be limited pursuant to section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. California has suspended the net operating loss carryover deduction
for taxable years 2020, 2021 and 2022. Net operating losses related to foreign entities were at June 30, 2023. 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company does not have any unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal and state income tax matters. The
Company will recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. 

The
Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax, as well as various state and foreign jurisdictions. The Company is currently open to audit
under the statute of limitations by the federal and state jurisdictions for the years ending June 30, 2020 through 2022. The Company
does not anticipate any material amount of unrecognized tax benefits within the next 12 months. 

The
cumulative amount of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that the Company intends to permanently invest and upon which no
deferred US income taxes have been provided is as of June 30, 2023. The additional US income tax on unremitted foreign earnings,
if repatriated, would be offset in part by foreign tax credits. The extent of this offset would depend on many factors, including the
method of distribution, and specific earnings distributed. The Company determined that it is not practicable to determine unrecognized
deferred tax liability associated with the unremitted earnings attributable to the foreign subsidiaries. 

Income
from the export of computer software and its related services developed in Pakistan is exempt from tax through June 30, 2025. The aggregate
effect of the tax holiday for June 30, 2023 and 2022 is and , respectively. The effect on basic and diluted earnings
per share is and for June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

and shares of common stock respectively, for services rendered
by the independent members of the Board of Directors as part of their board compensation. These shares were valued at the fair market
value of and , respectively, and recorded as compensation expense in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock, to employees pursuant to the terms of their employment
agreements. These shares were valued at the fair market value of , and recorded as compensation expense in the accompanying consolidated
financial statements. 

During
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company issued and shares of common stock for services received from one of
its vendors. These shares were valued at the fair market value of and , respectively. 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company purchased shares of its common stock from the open market for cash proceeds of 
at an average price of per share, pursuant to the Company s stock buy-back plan. 

 years and no less
than twenty percent of the shares are exercisable annually. Options are not exercisable, in whole or in part, prior to one year from the date of grant unless the Board of Directors specifically determines otherwise, as provided. 

Two
types of options may be granted under these Plans: (1) Incentive Stock Options (also known as Qualified Stock Options) which may only
be issued to employees of the Company and whereby the exercise price of the option is not less than the fair market value of the common
stock on the date it was reserved for issuance under the Plan; and (2) Non-statutory Stock Options which may be issued to either employees
or consultants of the Company and whereby the exercise price of the option may be less than the fair market value of the common stock
on the date it was reserved for issuance under the plan. Grants of options may be made to employees and consultants without regard to
any performance measures. All options issued pursuant to the Plan are nontransferable and subject to forfeiture. 

The
Plans provide for the grant of equity-based awards, including options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards or performance
share awards or any other right or interest relating to shares or cash, to eligible participants. The Plans contemplate the issuance
of common stock upon exercise of options or other awards granted to eligible persons under the Plans. Shares issued under the Plans may
be both authorized and unissued shares or previously issued shares acquired by the Company. Upon termination or expiration of an unexercised
option, stock appreciation right or other stock-based award under the Plans, in whole or in part, the number of shares of common stock
subject to such award again becomes available for grant under the Plans. Any shares of restricted stock forfeited as described below
will become available for grant. The maximum number of shares that may be granted to any one participant in any calendar year may not
exceed shares. All options issued pursuant to the Plan are nontransferable and subject to forfeiture. 

Options
granted under the Plans are not generally transferable and must be exercised within years, subject to earlier termination upon termination
of the option holder s employment, but in no event later than the expiration of the option s term. The exercise price of
each option may not be less than the fair market value of a share of the Company s common stock on the date of grant (except in
connection with the assumption or substitution for another option in a manner qualifying under Section 424(a) of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended. 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

Incentive
stock options granted to any participant who owns or more of the Company s outstanding common stock (a Ten Percent Shareholder must have an exercise price equal to or exceeding of the fair market value of a share of our common stock on the date of the grant
and must not be exercisable for longer than five years. Options become vested and exercisable at such times or upon such events and subject
to such terms, conditions, performance criteria or restrictions as specified by the Board of Directors. The maximum term of any option
granted under the 2015 Plan is ten years, provided that an incentive stock option granted to a Ten Percent Shareholder must have a term
not exceeding five years. 

Under
the Plans, a participant may also be awarded a performance award, which means that the participant may receive cash, stock
or other awards contingent upon achieving performance goals established by the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may also make
 deferred share awards, which entitle the participant to receive the Company s stock in the future for services performed
between the date of the award and the date the participant may receive the stock. The vesting of deferred share awards may be based on
performance criteria and/or continued service with the Company. A participant who is granted a stock appreciation right 
under the Plan has the right to receive all or a percentage of the fair market value of a share of stock on the date of exercise of the
stock appreciation right minus the grant price of the stock appreciation right determined by the Board of Directors (but in no event
less than the fair market value of the stock on the date of grant). Finally, the Board of Directors may make restricted stock 
awards under the Plans, which are subject to such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors determines and as are set forth in the
award agreement related to the restricted stock. As of June 30, 2023, the remaining shares to be granted are under the 2005 Plan,
 under the 2013 Plan and under the 2015 Plan. 

Stock
Grants 

Granted 

Vested 

Unvested, June 30, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 
 Granted 

Vested 

Unvested, June 30, 2023 
 - 
 - 

For
the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded compensation expense of and , respectively. The weighted
average grant date fair value is determined by the Company s closing stock price on the grant date. 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

up to taking the form in some jurisdictions of employee matching contributions and in others direct employer contributions
mandated by local law. During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company contributed and , respectively,
to these plans. 

segments for its products and services; North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific. The reportable segments
are business units located in different global regions. Each business unit provides similar products and services; license fees for leasing
and asset-based software, related post contract support fees, and implementation and IT consulting services. Separate management of each
segment is required because each business unit is subject to different operational issues and strategies due to their particular regional
location. The Company accounts for intra-company sales and expenses as if the sales or expenses were to third parties and eliminates
them in the consolidation. 

North America 

Europe 

Asia
 - Pacific 

Consolidated 

Identifiable assets 

Consolidated 

Europe 

Asia-Pacific 

Total 

Revenue 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

Europe 

Asia
 - Pacific 

Revenue from unaffiliated 

Revenue from affiliated customers 

Asia
 - Pacific 
 - 
 - 
 
 Revenue
 from affiliated 
 - 
 - 
 
 Consolidated 

Revenue 

Intercompany revenue 

Europe 

Asia
 - Pacific 

Eliminated 

Revenue 

Net income (loss) after taxes and before non-controlling
 interest: 

Corporate headquarters 

North America 

Europe 

Asia
 - Pacific 

Consolidated 

Net income (loss) after taxes and before non-controlling interest 

Depreciation and amortization: 

North America 

Europe 

Asia
 - Pacific 

Consolidated 

Depreciation and amortization 

Interest expense: 

Corporate headquarters 

North America 
 - 
 - 
 
 Europe 

Asia
 - Pacific 

Consolidated 

Interest expense 

Income tax expense: 

Corporate headquarters 

North America 

Europe 

Asia
 - Pacific 

Consolidated 

Income tax expense 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

- 
 
 Europe 

Asia
 - Pacific 

Consolidated 

Capital expenditures 

Geographic
Information 

Thailand 

USA 

UK 

Pakistan India 

Australia New Zealand 

Mexico 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Indonesia 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 South Africa 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 South Korea 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Other Countries 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Europe: 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Asia-Pacific: 

- 
 - 

- 

Total 

Revenues 2022 

Total 
 China 
 Thailand 
 USA 
 UK 
 Pakistan India 
 Australia New Zealand 
 Mexico 
 Indonesia 
 South Africa 
 South Korea 
 Other Countries 

North America: 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Europe: 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Asia-Pacific: 

- 
 - 

- 

Total 

NetSol-Innovation 

NAMECET 

NetSol Thai 

OTOZ Thai 

OTOZ 

Total 

SUBSIDIARY 
 Non-Controlling 
 Interest 
 Non-Controlling 
 Interest at 
 June 30, 2022 

NetSol PK 

NetSol-Innovation 

NetSol Thai 

OTOZ Thai 

OTOZ 

Total 

NETSOL
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 and 2022 

OTOZ 

In
September 2022, the Company s subsidiary, Otoz, issued shares to an employee per the employment agreement resulting in
an increase of non-controlling interest from to . The effective shareholding of the non-controlling interest for Otoz Thai
increased to . 

In
June 2023, the Company s subsidiary, Otoz, repurchased the shares from the same employee per the employment agreement,
after his resignation, resulting in a decrease of non-controlling interest from to . The effective shareholding of the non-controlling
interest for Otoz Thai decreased to . 

NetSol
PK 

During
the year ended June 30, 2022, NetSol PK purchased shares of common stock from open market for . Due to this purchase,
the non-controlling interest decreased from at June 30, 2021 to at June 30, 2022. 

Transfer (to) from non-controlling
 interest 

Increase in paid-in capital
 for issuance of shares of OTOZ Inc common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Decrease in paid-in capital
 for purchase of shares of OTOZ Inc common stock 
 
 - 
 
 Increase
 in paid-in capital for purchase of shares of common stock of NetSol PK from Open Market 
 - 

Net transfer (to) from
 non-controlling interest 

Change
 from net income (loss) attributable to NetSol and transfer (to) from non-controlling interest 

F- 40 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Wholly
owned Subsidiaries 

NetSol
Technologies Americas, Inc. NTA 

 NetSol
Connect (Private), Ltd. Connect 

 NetSol
Technologies Australia Pty Ltd. Australia 

 NetSol
Technologies Europe Limited NTE 

 NTPK
(Thailand) Co. Limited NTPK Thailand 

 NetSol
Technologies (Beijing) Co. Ltd. NetSol Beijing 

 Tianjin
NuoJinZhiCheng Co., Ltd Tianjin 

 Ascent
Europe Ltd. AEL 

 Virtual
Lease Services Holdings Limited VLSH 

 Virtual
Lease Services Limited VLS 

 Virtual
Lease Services (Ireland) Limited VLSIL 

Majority-owned
Subsidiaries 

NetSol
Technologies, Ltd. NetSol PK 

 NetSol
Innovation (Private) Limited NetSol Innovation 

 NETSOL
Ascent Middle East Computer Equipment Trading LLC Namecet 

 NetSol
Technologies Thailand Limited NetSol Thai 

 OTOZ,
Inc. OTOZ 

 OTOZ
(Thailand) Limited OTOZ Thai 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 As
Adopted Pursuant to 

 Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Najeeb Ghauri, certify that: 

(1)
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023 of NetSol Technologies, Inc., Registrant ). 

(2)
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this annual report; 

(3)
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

(4)
The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedure, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and; 

(5)
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of the internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 September 22, 2023 
 /s/Najeeb
 Ghauri 

Najeeb
 Ghauri, 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Principal
 executive officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 As
Adopted Pursuant to 

 Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Roger K. Almond, certify that: 

(1)
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 of NetSol Technologies, Inc., Registrant ). 

(2)
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this annual report; 

(3)
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

(4)
The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
designed such disclosure controls and procedure, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
disclosed in this report any changes in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and; 

(5)
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of the internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 September 22, 2023 
 /s/
 Roger K. Almond 

Roger
 K. Almond 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Principal
 Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of NetSol Technologies, Inc. on Form 10-K for the period ending June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Najeeb Ghauri, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and, 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

Date:
 September 22, 2023 

/s/
 Najeeb Ghauri 

Najeeb
 Ghauri, 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT BY SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of NetSol Technologies, Inc. on Form 10-K for the period ending June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Roger K. Almond, Chief Financial Officer, and
Principal Accounting Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13 (a) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and, 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

Date:
 September 22, 2023 

/s/Roger
 K. Almond 

Roger
 K. Almond 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Principal
 Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ntwk-20230630.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ntwk-20230630_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ntwk-20230630_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ntwk-20230630_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

