<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230711_10-K_edgar_data_1570937_0001554795-23-000209.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4119121</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>66521</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>703445</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1427027</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>831842</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>973693</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001554795-23-000209.hdr.sgml : 20230711
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230711163135
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001554795-23-000209
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		59
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230711
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230711

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALTAIR INTERNATIONAL CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001570937
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				990385465
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56312
		FILM NUMBER:		231082445

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		322 NORTH SHORE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 1B, SUITE 200
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15212
		BUSINESS PHONE:		412-770-3140

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		322 NORTH SHORE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		BUILDING 1B, SUITE 200
		CITY:			PITTSBURGH
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15212

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001554795-23-000209.txt : 20230711

10-K
 1
 atao0629form10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ________ to ________ 

COMMISSION
FILE NO. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

 ,

(Address
of Principal Executive Offices with Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code Tel. 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for shorter period that the registrant as required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (X
232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act) Yes 

The aggregate market value of the 16,892,725 shares
of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the closing price of 0.475 on September 30, 2022,
at which the common equity was last sold in its most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately . 

As of July 11, 2023, there were shares
of common stock outstanding. 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 4 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

Item 2. 
 
 Property 
 
 4 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 4 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 4 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 5 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 
 
 5 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 
 5 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 
 7 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 8 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 22 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 22 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 23 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 23 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 23 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 25 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 25 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 26 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 26 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 27 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 27 

Signatures 
 
 27 

ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

PART I 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Unless the context indicates otherwise, as used in
this Annual Report, the terms Altair, we, us, our, our company and
 our business refer, to Altair International Corp, including its subsidiaries named herein. Certain statements, other than
purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating
results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements generally are identified by the words believes, project, expects, anticipates, 
 estimates, intends, strategy, plan, may, will, would, 
 will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements
are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ
materially from the forward-looking statements. Our ability to predict results or the actual effect of future plans or strategies is inherently
uncertain. Factors which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and future prospects include, but are not limited to:
changes in economic conditions, legislative/regulatory changes, availability of capital, interest rates, competition, and generally accepted
accounting principles. These risks and uncertainties should also be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance
should not be placed on such statements. 

Overview 

Altair International Corp. Altair is a development stage company that was incorporated in Nevada on December 20, 2012. The Company is currently in very preliminary discussions
with a number of acquisition targets, each of which we believe would deliver significant value to our shareholders. 

The Company is currently engaged
in identifying and assessing new business opportunities. 

Earn-In Agreement 

 On November 23, 2020, the
Company entered into an Earn-In Agreement with American Lithium Minerals, Inc. AMLM under which we agreed to make
total payments of 75,000 to AMLM in exchange for a 10 undivided interest in 63 unpatented placer mining claims comprised of
approximately 1,260 acres, and 3 unpatented lode mining claims in Nevada. This 75,000 obligation has been fully satisfied by the
Company 30,000 paid 12/8/2020 and 45,000 paid 1/5/2021), resulting in Altair owning a 10 undivided interest in the claims. The
Company has the option to increase its ownership interest by an additional 50 by a total payment of 1,300,648 for exploration and
development costs as follows: 100,648 within year one for an additional 10/ , 600,000 in year two for an additional 20 and
 600,000 in year three for an additional 20 ownership interest. The Earn-In Agreement grants Altair the exclusive right to explore
the properties. In July 2021, the Company undertook a sampling and testing program on the Stonewall lithium project, which returned
results showing anomalous lithium content. During 2022, Altair satisfied payment of the claim fees due to the Unites States Bureau
of Land Management, and in August of 2022, Altair and AMLM entered into a 2 nd Amendment to the original Earn-In
Agreement, which, among other things, detailed that that parties agreed that the 2021 Calendar Year work commitment had been
satisfied, and made certain changes to the required Annual Work Commitments required to be satisfied by Altair for the 22,
 23, and 24 calendar years. Further sampling and testing will be required to advance the Stonewall project. 
The Company has not satisfied the Annual Work Commitment for calendar year 2022. 

License and Royalty Agreement 

 On February 10, 2021, the Company
entered into a License and Royalty Agreement (the License Agreement with St-Georges Eco-Mining Corp. SX and St-Georges Metallurgy Corp. SXM under which Altair has received a perpetual, non-exclusive license from SX of its
lithium extraction technology for Altair to develop its lithium bearing prospects in the United States and SXM s EV battery recycling
technology for which Altair has agreed to act as exclusive master agent to promote the licensing and deployment of the EV battery recycling
technology in North America. Altair has agreed to provide SX with a net revenue interest royalty on all metals and minerals extracted
(the Products and sold from Altair s mineral interests in the United States and SX has agreed to provide Altair with
a 1 trailer fee on any royalty received by SX from the licensing of the SX EV battery recycling technology to each licensee of the SX
EV battery recycling technology referred by Altair or Altair s sub-agents. Altair will pay a royalty of 5 of the net revenue received
by Altair for sales of Products using the lithium extraction technology which decreases to 3 of the net revenue on all payments in excess
of US 8,000,000 of production on an annualized basis. 

3 

Activities of our wholly-owned subsidiary, EV Lithium
Solution, Inc. (EVLS) 

 On March 19, 2021, EVLS acquired
a 100 interest in the IP related to a novel, solid state lithium/graphene battery technology from Cryptosolar Ltd., a Company domiciled
in the United Kingdom. We continue to invest in the research and development of this technology and such development is moving forward
rapidly. We are currently in the process of patenting the technology and are exploring options for commercialization. On July 21, 2021,
the Company engaged Mr. Matthew Kiang to assist in our efforts to commercialize our battery technology, and on August 6, 2021, the Company
filed its first patent application for this technology, which referenced 20 claims. In December 2021, we received a non-final rejection
of the claims on various grounds and we have since determined that the most prudent course of action will be to file a new patent application
rather than amend the existing application. We do not currently have an established timeline for our filing of a new patent application.
We have eliminated the use of lithium in our battery platform, resulting in a technology which does not rely on any electrochemical reactions.
This development results in an energy supply with a cost that will not be affected by the fluctuations in global lithium prices, and carries
no risk of fire as lithium batteries do. We are currently and actively exploring options for commercialization of this technology, which
we have named our Energy Storage Unit, or ESU. 

Employees 

As of the date of this Report, the Company has no
full-time nor part-time employees. Our sole officer has a current agreement with the Company to serve in these capacities. We intend to
increase the number of our employees and consultants to meet our needs as the Company grows. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, are not required to provide the information under this Item. 

ITEM 2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY 

We do not own any real estate or other properties. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There are no material claims, actions, suits, proceedings,
or investigations that are currently pending or, to the Company s knowledge, threatened by or against the Company or respecting
its operations or assets, or by or against any of the Company s officers, directors, or affiliates. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

4 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY, RELATED
STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

 Market Information 

Our common shares are quoted on the OTCQB Market under
the symbol ATAO . Trading in stocks quoted on the OTC Market is often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading
prices due to many factors that may be unrelated to a company s operations or business prospects. We cannot assure you that there
will be a market in the future for our common stock. 

OTC Market securities are not listed or traded on
the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead, OTC Market securities transactions are conducted through a telephone
and computer network connecting dealers in stocks. OTC Market issuers are traditionally smaller companies that do not meet the financial
and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchange. 

Number of Holders 

As of June 20, 2023, 24,692,459 issued and outstanding
shares of common stock were held by 70 shareholders of record. 

Dividend Policy 

We have never paid any cash dividends and intend,
for the foreseeable future, to retain any future earnings for the development of our business. Our Board of Directors will determine our
future dividend policy on the basis of various factors, including our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements
and investment opportunities. 

Recent Issuance of Unregistered Securities 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, EROP Enterprises
LLC converted 197,783 and 9,812 of principal and interest, respectively, into 773,412 shares of common stock. 

On July 22, 2022, Mr. Hampton converted the note payable
of 39,684 into 79,368 shares of common stock. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with our financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains
forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed
in the forward-looking statements. Our audited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance
with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 

5 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

We have incurred recurring losses to date. Our financial
statements have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include adjustments relating
to the recoverability and realization of assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue
in operation. 

We expect we will require additional capital to meet
our long-term operating requirements. We expect to raise additional funds through, among other things, the sale of equity or debt securities
although no assurance can be given as to availability of funds or the terms thereof. 

We are both currently and generally exploring options
which will bring value to our shareholders and are in early stage discussions with a number of potential acquisition targets. Management
resolves to provide updates on these efforts at the earliest such time that they become tangible. 

Results of Operations 

Year Ended March 31, 2023 Compared to the Year
Ended March 31, 2022 

Revenues 

 The Company has not recognized any revenue to date. 

Operating Expenses 

 Mining and exploration expenses for the year ended
March 31, 2023, was 10,890 compared to 372,195 for the year ended March 31, 2022, a decrease of 361,305, or 97.1 . The Company s
mining and exploration expenses have decreased to 0 in the current period as the Company looks for new opportunities. 

Consulting expense for the year ended March 31, 2023,
was 0 compared to 1,317,862 for the year ended March 31, 2022. In the prior period we granted 558,000 shares of common stock for total
non-cash consulting expense of approximately 1,243,000. 

Compensation expense related party for the
year ended March 31, 2023, was 318,000 compared to 138,000 for the year ended March 31, 2022. The Company incurs compensation expense
for its CEO. In the current period we recognized 270,000 of stock compensation expense from shares issued in the prior period for which
their value is was amortized over the term of the CEO s employment agreement. We recognized 90,000 of the stock compensation expense
in the prior year. 

Director compensation expense for the year ended March
31, 2023, was 32,500 compared to 30,000 for the year ended March 31, 2022, an increase of 2,500. We compensate our director, Ramzi
Khoury, 2,500 per month in the current year. 

General and administrative expense G A for the year ended March 31, 2023, was 96,150 compared to 173,669 for the year ended March 31, 2022, a decrease of 77,519 or 44.6 .
In the current period are larger expenses were for professional fees of 43,096 and other outside services of 52,000. In the prior period
professional fees were 65,037 and outside services were 40,374. In the prior period we also had 17,382 of investor relation expenses
which we did not have in the current period. 

Other Expense 

 Total other expense for the year ended March 31,
2023, was 1,292,809, consisting of 195,528 of interest expense, which includes 184,389 of debt discount amortization, a loss on
the change in the fair value of derivative of 1,003,598 and a loss on the issuance of convertible debt of 138,127. Our losses were
offset by a gain on the settlement of debt of 6,000, and a gain on conversion of debt of 38,444. Total other expense for the year
ended March 31, 2022, was 438,788, consisting of 565,067 of interest expense, which includes 529,432 of debt discount
amortization, a gain on the change in the fair value of derivative of 455,023, a loss on the issuance of convertible debt of
 219,366, a loss on the settlement of debt of 5,647, and impairment expense of 107,000. 

Net Loss 

 Net loss for the year ended March 31, 2023, was 1,750,349,
in comparison to a net loss of 2,470,514 for the year ended March 31, 2022. The decrease to our net loss is attributed to the decrease
of non-cash stock-based compensation expense. 

6 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Cash flow used in Operating Activities. 

 We have not generated positive cash flows from operating
activities. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company used 142,020 of cash for operating activities compared to 396,238 of cash
for operating activities in the prior period. 

Cash flow used in Investing Activities. 

 We had no cash flow from investing activity during
the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Cash flow from Financing Activities 

 We have financed our operations primarily from either
advancements or the issuance of equity and debt instruments. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company received 150,000 of cash
from financing activities. During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company received 595,000 of cash from financing activities offset
by payments of 300,000 to settle loans payable to related parties. 

PLAN OF OPERATION AND FUNDING 

We expect that working capital requirements
will continue to be funded through a combination of our existing funds, advances from shareholders and further issuances of securities.
Our working capital requirements are expected to increase in line with the growth of our business. 

Existing working capital, further advances
and debt instruments, and anticipated cash flow are expected to be adequate to fund our operations over the next six months. We have no
lines of credit or other bank financing arrangements. Generally, we have financed operations to date through the proceeds of the private
placement of equity and debt instruments. In connection with our business plan, management anticipates additional increases in operating
expenses and capital expenditures relating to: (i) developmental expenses associated with a start-up business); (ii) acquisition of assets;
and (iii) sales and marketing expenses. We intend to finance these expenses with further issuances of securities and debt issuances. Thereafter,
we expect we will need to raise additional capital and generate revenues to meet long-term operating requirements. Additional issuances
of equity or convertible debt securities will result in dilution to our current shareholders. Further, such securities might have rights,
preferences or privileges senior to our common stock. Additional financing may not be available upon acceptable terms, or at all. If adequate
funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to take advantage of prospective new business endeavors
or opportunities, which could significantly and materially restrict our business operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Refer to Note 2 of our financial statements contained
elsewhere in this Form 10-K for a summary of our critical accounting policies and recently adopted and issued accounting standards. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by
Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. 

7 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

ALTAIR INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 9 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 10 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 11 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 12 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 13 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 14 

8 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Altair
International Corp. 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Altair International Corp. the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements
of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31, 2023,
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended March 31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

 Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company
has an accumulated deficit and net losses since inception. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

 Critical Audit Matters 

 Critical audit matters are matters arising
from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee
and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

July 11, 2023 

9 

ALTAIR INTERNATIONAL
CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

March 31,
 2023 
 March 31,
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid
 stock compensation 

Total
 Current Assets 

Total
 Assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation 

Loans payable 

Interest payable 

Convertible notes
 payable, net of debt discount of 91,100 and 129,180, respectively 

Derivative
 liability 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

Stockholders 
 Equity (Deficit): 

Preferred Stock, 
 par value, shares authorized, shares issued 

Common Stock,
 par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid
 in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) 

Total
 Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

10 

ALTAIR INTERNATIONAL
CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For The Years Ended March
 31, 

2023 
 
 2022 
 
 Operating Expenses: 

Mining exploration
 expense 

Consulting 

Compensation related party 

Director fees 

General and
 administrative 

Total operating
 expenses 

Loss from
 operations 

() 

() 

Other Income (Expense): 

Interest expense 

() 

() 
 
 Impairment expense 

() 
 
 Gain on conversion of debt 

Change in fair value derivative 

() 

Gain (loss) on settlement of debt 

() 
 
 Loss on issuance
 of convertible debt 

() 

() 
 
 Total other
 expense 

() 

() 

Loss before provision for income
 taxes 

() 

() 
 
 Provision
 for income taxes 

Net Loss 

() 

() 

Loss per
 share, basic and diluted 

() 

() 
 
 Weighted
 average shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements . 

11 

ALTAIR
INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid in 
 Common Stock To be 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Issued 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance, March 31, 2021 

Shares issued for debt 

Shares issued for services 

Shares issued for services - related party 

Warrant expense 

Net loss 

Balance, March 31, 2022 

Shares issued for debt 

, 565,355 

Shares issued for accounts payable related party 

Net loss 

Balance, March 31, 2023 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements . 

12 

ALTAIR INTERNATIONAL
CORP. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For
the Years Ended March 31, 

2023 
 
 2022 
 
 CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

) 

) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Debt discount expense 

Stock based compensation 

Stock based compensation related party 

Impairment expense 

Gain on conversion of debt 

) 

) 

Loss on issuance of convertible debt 

Gain on settlement of debt 

) 

Change in fair value of derivative 

) 

Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities: 

Prepaids and deposits 

) 

Accounts payable 

) 

Accrued compensation 

Accrued interest 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

) 

) 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Repayment of related party loan 

() 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Change in Cash 

) 

Cash at Beginning of Period 

Cash at End of Period 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Supplemental non-cash disclosure: 

Common stock issued for accounts payable 
 related party 

Common stock issued for conversion of debt 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

13 

ALTAIR INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 March 31, 2023 

of production
on an annualized basis. 

The lithium extraction technology remains under development
by SX and SXM. 

EVLS 

 In August of 2021, the Company filed a patent application
with the USPTO for its carbon nanotube/graphene based battery technology, which was comprised of 20 claims. In late November of 2021,
we received a non-final rejection notice from the USPTO, citing a number of issues with the claims that would require amendment and/or
modification. As we wish to submit a patent application with new artwork, or technical drawings, we have decided to file
a new patent application when feasible, as per USPTO policy an applicant cannot submit new artwork with an amended application. The technology
remains viable, under further development, and, in our view, holds great potential to have a disruptive impact in the battery space. 

Total 

March 31, 2022 

Description 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Derivative 

Total 

The Company adopted section 740-10-25 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification Section 740-10-25 with regards to uncertainty income taxes. Section 740-10-25
addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial
statements. Under Section 740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more
likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the
position. The tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit
that has a greater than fifty percent (50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Section 740-10-25 also provides guidance
on de-recognition, classification, interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures.
 The Company had no material adjustments to its liabilities for unrecognized income tax benefits according to the provisions of Section
740-10-25. 

potentially dilutive shares of common stock from
convertible notes payable and potentially dilutive shares of common stock from outstanding warrants. Diluted amounts are
not presented when the effect of the computations are anti-dilutive due to the losses incurred. Accordingly, there is no difference in
the amounts presented for basic and diluted loss per share. 

shares of Altair's
common stock at the closing of the transaction and will receive up to 
 additional shares of common stock in connection with the
successful commercial development of the scaled-up EV battery prototype and of the net profits from all products sold by Altair incorporating
or based upon the assets acquired from CryptoSolar. In addition, Altair International entered into a five-year Consulting Agreement with
the sole founder of CryptoSolar LTD, Andreas Tapakoudes, under which he will receive a consulting fee of per month to develop a
commercial lithium battery and a manufacturing facility for its commercial production. Effective July 19, 2022, the consulting agreement
was terminated, and all amounts due settled for a one time payment of , resulting in a gain on settlement of . 

The 
 shares issued were valued at 
 per share, the closing stock price on the date of grant, for total non-cash expense of .
On August 23, 2021, the Company issued another 
 shares of common stock per the terms of the agreement. The shares issued were valued at 
 per share, the closing stock price on the date of grant, for total non-cash expense of .
The Company determined that it was unable to substantiate the actual fair value of the technology that was acquired so has chosen to
impair the full amount of 
 as of the year ended March 31, 2021, and the 
 as of the year ended March 31, 2022. 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total 

Less
 Discount 

Total 

On January 25, 2023, EROP Enterprises LLC, agreed
to extend the convertible promissory notes dated January 25, 2022 and March 7, 2022 by one additional year. 

Total accrued interest on the above Notes as of March
31, 2023 and 2022, is and , respectively. 

(1) 
 On notice, the Note holder has the right to convert all or a portion of the outstanding balance of the Note into common shares of the Company at a rate of the lesser of (i) 0.10 or 70 of the lowest closing bid price of the common stock in the 5 days prior to conversion. 

(2) 
 On notice, the Note holder has the right to convert all or a portion of the outstanding balance of the Note into common shares of the Company at a rate of the lesser of (i) 0.04 or 70 of the lowest closing bid price of the common stock in the 5 days prior to conversion. 

(3) 
 On notice, the Note holder has the right to convert all or a portion of the outstanding balance of the Note into common shares of the Company at a rate of the lesser of (i) 0.02 or 70 of the lowest closing bid price of the common stock in the 5 days prior to conversion. 

(4) 
 On notice, the Note holder has the right to convert all or a portion of the outstanding balance of the Note into common shares of the Company at a rate of the lesser of (i) 0.015 or 80 of the lowest closing bid price of the common stock in the 5 days prior to conversion. 

(5) 
 On notice, the Note holder has the right to convert all or a portion of the outstanding balance of the Note into common shares of the Company at a rate of the lesser of (i) 0.015 or 70 of the lowest closing bid price of the common stock in the 5 days prior to conversion. 

(6) 
 On notice, the Note holder has the right to convert all or a portion of the outstanding balance of the Note into common shares of the Company at a rate of the lesser of (i) 0.07 or 70 of the lowest closing bid price of the common stock in the 5 days prior to conversion. 

A summary of the activity of the derivative liability
for the notes above is as follows: 

Decrease to derivative due to conversion/repayments 

Derivative gain due to mark to market adjustment 

Balance at March 31, 2022 

Increase to derivative due to new issuances 

Decrease to derivative due to conversion/repayments 

Derivative loss due to mark to market
 adjustment 

Balance at March 31, 2023 

A summary of quantitative information about significant
unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs) used in measuring the Company s derivative liability that are categorized within Level 3 of
the fair value hierarchy as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, is as follows: 

Conversion price 

Volatility (annual) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Risk-free rate 
 - 
 .44 - 
 
 Dividend rate 

Years to maturity 
 - 
 - 

A summary of quantitative information about significant
unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs) used in measuring the Company s derivative liability that are categorized within Level 3 of
the fair value hierarchy at the time of conversion is as follows: 

Inputs 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 Stock price 

Conversion price 

Volatility (annual) 

Risk-free rate 

.05
 .17 
 
 Dividend rate 

Years to maturity 

The development and determination of the unobservable
inputs for Level 3 fair value measurements and fair value calculations are the responsibility of the Company s management. 

Total 

On July 19, 2022, the Company and Byron Hampton entered
into an agreement to convert the three outstanding notes due to Mr. Hampton for a total of , into a single convertible note. The
Company issued Mr. Hampton a convertible promissory note for on July 19, 2022. The note accrues interest at and matures in
one year. On July 22, 2022, Mr. Hampton converted the note payable of into shares of common stock. 

On August 11, 2022, the Company issued a Non-Convertible
Promissory Note for to EROP Enterprises, LLC, The Note bears interest at per annum, of which six months is guaranteed, and
matures in one year. On December 15, 2022, this note plus of interest was exchanged for a new convertible promissory. 

Total accrued interest on the above notes payable
as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 

reverse stock split and reduced its authorized shares of common stock from 5,000,000,000 (5 billion) to 
(500 million). All shares of common stock throughout these financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the
reverse split. As a result of the reverse split, was reclassed from the common stock to additional paid in capital
account. 

Shares Issued for Services 

On April 6, 2022, shares of common stock
were issued by the transfer agent that were disclosed as common stock to be issued of , on March 31, 2021. 

During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company
issued shares of common stock at 1.96 per share for total non-cash stock compensation of . 

During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company
issued shares of common stock at 3.00 per share for total non-cash stock compensation of . 

During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company
issued shares of common stock at 2.75 per share for total non-cash stock compensation of . 

During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company
issued shares of common stock at 2.25 per share for total non-cash stock compensation of . 

During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company
issued shares of common stock at 1.50 per share for total non-cash stock compensation of . 

Shares Issued for Conversion of Liabilities 

During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company
issued shares of common stock at 3.00 per share for accounts payable due of . A loss was recognized
on the issuance. 

During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company
issued shares of common stock at 2.00 per share for accounts payable due of . 

During the year ended
March 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock at 2.75 per share for accounts payable due of . A
 gain was recognized on the issuance. 

During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company
issued shares of common stock at 2.10 per share for settlement of accounts payable of . 

During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company
issued shares of common stock for conversion of and of principal and interest, respectively. 

During the year ended March 31, 2023, EROP Enterprises
LLC converted and of principal and interest, respectively, into shares of common stock. 

On July 22, 2022, Mr. Hampton converted the note payable
of into shares of common stock. 

Refer to Note 9 for shares issued to related parties. 

warrants to purchase
shares of common stock. The warrant vested on April 15, 2021. The warrants have an exercise price 
 and expire in three years. The
aggregate fair value of the warrants totaled 
 based on the Black Scholes Merton pricing model using the following estimates: stock
price of , exercise price of , risk free rate, volatility and expected life of the warrants of 3 years. 

A summary of the status of the Company s outstanding
stock warrants and changes during the year is presented below: 

Issued 

Exercised 

Expired 

Outstanding,
 March 31, 2022 

Issued 

Exercised 

Expired 

Exercisable,
 March 31, 2023 

Range of Exercise Prices 
 Number Outstanding 3/31/2023 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 

years 

The aggregate intrinsic value represents the total
pretax intrinsic value, based on warrants with an exercise price less than the Company s stock price as of March 31, 2023, which
would have been received by the warrant holder had the warrant holder exercised their warrants as of that date. 

and for his role as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company. As of March
31, 2023 and 2022, the Company has accrued and of compensation due to Mr. Lovallo, respectively. 

On January 8, 2022, the Company renewed and extended
its contract with its CEO for a term of one year. As a signing bonus, Mr. Lovallo was granted 
 shares of the Company s common
stock. The shares were valued at , for total expense of , which was amortized over the one-year term. Mr. Lovallo s
contract was extended for another year on January 1, 2023. 

On December 22, 2022, Ramzi Khoury, Director, converted
 
due to him into 
shares of common stock. As of March 31, 2023, the Company owes Mr. Khoury for director fees. 

20 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net provision for Federal income taxes 

The cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of
21 of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

At March 31, 2023, the Company had net operating loss
carry forwards of approximately that may be offset against future taxable income. No tax benefit has been reported
in the March 31, 2023 or 2022 financial statements since the potential tax benefit is offset by a valuation allowance of the same amount. 

Due to the change in ownership provisions of the Tax
Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards for Federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should
a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carry forwards may be limited as to use in future years. 

ASC Topic 740 provides guidance on the accounting
for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in a company s financial statements. Topic 740 requires a company to determine whether
it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination based upon the technical merits of the position. If
the more-likely-than-not threshold is met, a company must measure the tax position to determine the amount to recognize in the financial
statements. 

The Company includes interest and penalties arising
from the underpayment of income taxes in the statements of operations in the provision for income taxes. As of March 31, 2023, the Company
had no accrued interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

. The note accrues interest at and matures in one year. The note is convertible
at the lower of 0.10 or a 30 discount. 

21 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Management s Report Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

During the fourth quarter of the
year ended March 31, 2023 out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded
that, as of the end of the period covered in this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the required time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

Our principal executive officer
and principal financial officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error
or fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives
of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the
benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 

To address the material weaknesses,
we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures in an effort to ensure our financial statements included in this annual
report have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. In addition, we engaged accounting consultants
to assist in the preparation of our financial statements. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included
in this report fairly present in all material respects our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting 

Internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) is a process designed by, or under the supervision of,
our principal executive and principal financial officers, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over our financial reporting. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
using the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) developed by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our
internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of March 31, 2023. 

We
are aware of the following material weaknesses in internal control that could adversely affect the Company s ability to record,
process, summarize and report financial data: 

Due to our size and limited
 resources, we currently do not employ the appropriate accounting personnel to ensure (a) we maintain proper segregation of duties,
 (b) that all transactions are entered timely and accurately, and (c) we properly account for complex or unusual transactions 

Due to our size and scope
 of operations, we currently do not have an independent audit committee in place 

Due to our size and limited
 resources, we have not properly documented a complete assessment of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our internal
 control over financial reporting. 

22 

Inherent
limitations on effe ctiveness of controls 

Internal control over financial
reporting has inherent limitations, which include but is not limited to the use of independent professionals for advice and guidance,
interpretation of existing and/or changing rules and principles, segregation of management duties, scale of organization, and personnel
factors. Internal control over financial reporting is a process, which involves human diligence and compliance and is subject to lapses
in judgment and breakdowns resulting from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion
or improper management override. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements on a timely basis, however these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process and it is possible
to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Control and Financial Reporting 

There has been no change in our internal
control over financial reporting identified in connection with our evaluation we conducted of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023, that occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None . 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Directors and Executive Officers 

The names of our director and executive officers as
of March 31, 2023, their ages, positions, and biographies are set forth below. Our executive officers are appointed by, and serve at the
discretion of, our board of directors. 

Name and Address of Executive Officer and/or Director 
 Age 
 Position 

Leonard Lovallo 
 322 North Shore Dr, Bldg 1B, 
 Pittsburgh, PA 15212 
 42 
 CEO and Director 

Ramzi Khoury 
 6501 E Greenway Pkwy #103-412 
 Scottsdale, AZ 85254 
 66 
 Independent Director 

23 

Leonard Lovallo 

 On May 5, 2020, the Board of Directors appointed Leonard
Lovallo as a new independent member of the Board. On August 31, 2020, the Board of Directors appointed Mr. Lovallo as the new CEO. 

Mr. Lovallo, is Managing Member of Millennial Investments,
LLC, a consulting firm that he controls, through which he has, since 2014, assisted public and private companies in the areas of mergers,
acquisitions, debt restructuring, equity investments and corporate governance. Mr. Lovallo graduated from the State University of New
York (Buffalo) with a BA in psychology. The Company believes that the business experience of Mr. Lovallo with the growth and financial
structuring of public and private companies qualifies him to be a valuable member of the Board. 

Ramzi
Khoury 

 On February
8, 2021, the Board of Directors of the registrant appointed Ramzi Khoury, as a member of the Board of Directors of the Company to fill
a vacancy on its Board of Directors. Since 2011, Ramzi Khoury has served as CEO of Forinstrats Limited, a company formed under the laws
of the United Kingdom. Prior to this Mr. Khoury has been employed with a number of multinational companies, including Hampton International
in London; Gillette International in Boston, and MBM-Kellogg Brown & Root, Oil & Gas Division, in Abu Dhabi. Mr. Khoury graduated
from American University of Beirut with a BBA in Business Administration. In connection with his being appointed as a member of the Board
of Directors of the registrant. Altair International believes that Mr. Khoury s international business experience makes him qualified
to be a member of its Board of Directors. 

Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws both provide
for the indemnification of our officers and directors, to the fullest extent, permitted by Nevada law. 

Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
requires our directors, executive officers and persons who own more than ten percent of our common stock, to file with the SEC initial
reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of common stock. Officers, directors and ten-percent or greater beneficial
owners are required by SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based upon a review of
those forms and representations regarding the need for filing for the year ended March 31, 2023, we believe all necessary forms have been
filed. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Our
directors and executive officers have not been personally involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

any bankruptcy
 petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at
 the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

any conviction in a criminal
 proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

being subject to any order,
 judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily
 enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities or to be associated
 with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 

being found by a court
 of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a Federal or state
 securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

24 

being subject of, or a
 party to, any Federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended
 or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation
 respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection
 with any business entity; 

being subject of or party
 to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity
 or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated
 with a member. 

Audit
Committee 

We do not have an audit committee financial expert
because we believe the cost related to retaining a financial expert at this time is prohibitive. Further, because we have no operations
at the present time, we believe the services of a financial expert are not warranted. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The table below summarizes all compensation
awarded to, earned by, or paid to our executive officers by any person for all services rendered in all capacities to us for the fiscal
periods ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

The following table provides information as to cash
compensation of all executive officers of the Company, for each of the Company s last two fiscal years. 

Nonqualified 

Non-Equity 

Deferred 

Stock 

Option 

Incentive Plan 

Compensation 

All Other 

Name and 

Salary 

Bonus 

Awards 

Awards 

Compensation 

Earnings 

Compensation 

Total 
 
 principal position 
 Year 

)
 (1) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 

) 
 
 Leonard Lovallo 
 2023 

34,000 

0 

270,000 

0 

0 

0 

0 

304,000 
 
 CEO and Director 
 2022 

40,000 

0 

90,000 

0 

0 

0 

0 

130,000 

(1) Represents actual amounts paid. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End .
There were no outstanding equity awards as of March 31, 2023. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table provides certain information regarding
the ownership of our common stock, as of the date of the filing of this annual report by: 

each of our executive officers; 

each director; 

each person known to us to own more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; and 

all of our executive officers and directors and as a group. 

25 

Officers
 and Directors Title of Class 
 Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Common
 Shares 
 
 Percentage 
 
 Common Stock 
 Leonard
 Lovallo 
 322
 North Shore Dr, Bldg 1B, Pittsburgh, PA 15212 
 1,440,000 
 5.8 
 
 Common Stock 
 Ramzi
 Khoury 
 11
 Rue Jean Jaures 
 Creteil,
 France 94000 
 150,000 
 0.6 
 
 All Officers and Directors
 as a Group (2 persons) 
 
 1,590,000 
 6.40 

5 Beneficial
 Owners 

Common Stock 
 Fourth
 Street Fund, LP 
 4047
 St Georges Ct. 
 Duluth,
 GA 30096 
 5,671,722 
 23.0 
 
 Common Stock 
 Saeb
 Jannoun 
 3005
 Hoedt Rd 
 Tampa,
 FL 33618 
 178,314 
 0.7 
 
 All Other Beneficial Owners
 as a Group (2 persons) 
 
 5,850,036 
 23.7 

The percentage of class is based on 24,692,449
shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of the date of this annual report. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS, RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

During the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the
Company paid Mr. Leonard Lovallo 34,000 and 40,000 for his role as Chief Executive Office and President of the Company. As of March
31, 2023 and 2022, the Company has accrued 18,000 and 4,000 of compensation due to Mr. Lovallo, respectively. 

On January 8, 2022, the Company renewed and extended
its contract with its CEO for a term of one year. As a signing bonus, Mr. Lovallo was granted 400,000 shares of the Company s common
stock. The shares were valued at 0.90, for total expense of 360,000, which was amortized over the one-year term. Mr. Lovallo s
contract was extended for another year on January 1, 2023. 

On December 22, 2022, Ramzi Khoury, Director, converted
 22,500 due to him into 70,000 shares of common stock. As of March 31, 2023, the Company owes Mr. Khoury 7,500 for director fees. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees 

The aggregate fees billed for professional services
rendered by our auditor Fruci & Associates II, PLLC for the audit and review of our financial statements for the fiscal years ended
March 31, 2023 and 2022 amounted to 24,000 and 15,000, respectively. 

Audit-Related Fees 

During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022
our principal accountant rendered assurance and related services reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial
statements in the amount of 0 and 0, respectively. 

26 

Tax Fees 

The aggregate fees billed for professional services
rendered by our principal accountant for the tax compliance for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 was 0. 

All Other Fees 

During the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and
2022, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by the principal accountant other than those set forth above. 

ITEM 15.
EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits
are filed as part of this Annual Report. 

Exhibits: 

Number 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer,
 pursuant to SEC Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), adopted pursuant Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer,
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained
 in Exhibit 101). 

Item 16.
FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

ALTAIR INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

Dated: July 11, 2023 

 By: /s/ Leonard Lovallo 

 Leonard Lovallo 

 President, CEO and Director 

27 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 atao0629form10kexh31_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Leonard Lovallo, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Altair International Corp. (the Company ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented ire this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter (the Company s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: July 11, 2023 

/s/ Leonard Lovallo 

Leonard Lovallo 

Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 atao0629form10kexh32_1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Altair International Corp. (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof (the Report ), I, Leonard Lovallo, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: July 11, 2023 
 
 /s/ Leonard Lovallo 

Leonard Lovallo 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 atao-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 atao-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 atao-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 atao-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

