<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230822_10-K_edgar_data_1488917_0000897101-23-000380.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5175598</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>203509</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1042251</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1566675</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1005069</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1215268</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000897101-23-000380.hdr.sgml : 20230822
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230822161540
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000897101-23-000380
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230822
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230822

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Electromed, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001488917
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		IRS NUMBER:				411732920
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34839
		FILM NUMBER:		231193658

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 SIXTH AVENUE NW
		CITY:			NEW PRAGUE
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			56071
		BUSINESS PHONE:		952-758-9299

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 SIXTH AVENUE NW
		CITY:			NEW PRAGUE
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			56071

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000897101-23-000380.txt : 20230822

10-K
 1
 elmd230887_10k.htm
 FORM 10K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

Annual
 Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For
 the Fiscal Year Ended 
 
 or 

Transition
 Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the Transition Period From ________ to ________. 

Commission
File number 

(Exact
 Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

Minnesota 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

(Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such
reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 
 Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the
registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of December 31, 2022 was approximately 
 based upon the closing price of the registrant s
common stock, as reported on the NYSE American, on such date. 

There
were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of August 15, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions
of the Definitive Proxy Statement for the registrant s Fiscal 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed within 120
days of June 30, 2023, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Electromed,
Inc. 

 Index
to Annual Report on Form 10-K 

PART I 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 13 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 13 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 
 13 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 13 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 13 

PART II 
 
 13 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 13 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 14 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 14 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 21 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 22 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 22 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 22 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 23 

PART III 
 
 23 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 23 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 23 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 24 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 24 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 24 

PART IV 

24 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 24 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 27 

i 

INFORMATION
REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Statements
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not statements of historical fact should be considered forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward- looking statements include, but are
not limited to, statements regarding: the expected impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business; our business strategy, including
our intended level of investment in research and development and marketing activities; our expectations with respect to earnings,
gross margins and sales growth, industry relationships, marketing strategies and international sales; estimated sizes of markets
into which our products are or may be sold; our business strengths and competitive advantages; our ability to grow additional
sales distribution channels; our intent to retain any earnings for use in operations rather than paying dividends; our expectation
that our products will continue to qualify for reimbursement and payment under government and private insurance programs; our
intellectual property plans and practices; the expected impact of applicable regulations on our business; our beliefs about our
manufacturing processes; our expectations and beliefs with respect to our employees and our relationships with them; our belief
that our current facilities are adequate to support our growth plans; our expectations with respect to ongoing compliance with
the terms of our credit facility; our expectations regarding the ongoing availability of credit and our ability to renew our line
of credit; enhancements to our products and services; expected excise tax exemption for the SmartVest System; and our anticipated
revenues, expenses, capital requirements and liquidity. Words such as anticipate, believe, continue, 
 could, estimate, expect, intend, may, ongoing, 
 plan, potential, project, goal, target, should, 
 will, would, and similar expressions, including the negative of these terms, are intended to identify
forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Although we believe these forward-looking
statements are reasonable, they involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those
projected by such statements. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause
our actual results or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to be materially different
from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 

Factors
that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, the following: 

ability
to obtain reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid, or private insurance payers for our products including potential adverse impact
with an expiration of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services waiver for certain respiratory diseases; 

component
or raw material shortages, changes to lead times or significant price increases; 

adverse
changes to state and federal health care regulations; 

our
ability to maintain regulatory compliance and to gain future regulatory approvals and clearances; 

entry
of new competitors including new drug or pharmaceutical discoveries; 

adverse
economic and business conditions or intense competition; 

the
risks associated with our planned salesforce expansion; 

wage
inflation; 

technical
problems with our research and products; 

the
duration, extent and severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, including its effects on our business, operations and employees as well
as its impact on our customers and distribution channels and on economies and markets more generally; 

the
risks associated with cyberattacks, data breaches, computer viruses and other similar security threats; 

changes
affecting the medical device industry; 

our
ability to develop new sales channels for our products such as the home care distributor channel; 

adverse
international health care regulation impacting current international business; 

ii 

our
ability to renew our line of credit or obtain additional credit as necessary; and 

our
ability to protect and expand our intellectual property portfolio. 

This
list of factors is not exhaustive, however, and these or other factors, many of which are outside of our control, could have a
material adverse effect on us and our results of operations. Therefore, you should consider these risk factors with caution and
form your own critical and independent conclusions about the likely effect of these risk factors on our future performance. Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date on which the statements are made, and we undertake no obligation, and expressly disclaim
any such obligation, to update any forward-looking statement for any reason other than as required by law, even if new information
becomes available or other events occur in the future. You should carefully review the disclosures and the risk factors described
in this and other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). All
forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the
cautionary statements set forth herein. 

iii 

PART
I 

Item 1. Business. 

Overview 

Electromed,
Inc. we, our, us, Electromed or the Company develops,
manufactures, markets and sells innovative products that provide airway clearance therapy, including the SmartVest 
Airway Clearance System SmartVest System and related products, to patients with compromised pulmonary function
with a commitment to excellence and compassionate service. Our goal is to make High Frequency Chest Wall Oscillation HFCWO treatments as effective, convenient, and comfortable as possible, so our patients can breathe easier and live better with improved
respiratory function and fewer exacerbations. 

We
employ a direct-to-patient and provider model, through which we obtain patient referrals from clinicians, manage insurance claims
on behalf of our patients, and deliver the SmartVest System to patients, training them on proper use in their homes. This model
allows us to directly approach patients and clinicians, whereby we disintermediate the traditional durable medical equipment DME channel and capture both the manufacturer and distributor margins. We also sell our products in the acute care setting for patients
in a post-surgical or intensive care unit, or who were admitted for a lung infection brought on by compromised airway clearance.
Electromed was incorporated in Minnesota in 1992. Our common stock is listed on the NYSE American under the ticker symbol ELMD. 

The
SmartVest System features a programmable air pulse generator, a therapy garment worn over the upper body and a connecting hose,
which together provide safe, comfortable, and effective airway clearance therapy. The SmartVest System generates HFCWO, an airway
clearance therapy. One factor of respiratory health is the ability to clear secretions from airways. Impaired airway clearance,
when mucus cannot be expectorated, may result in labored breathing and/or inflammatory and immune systems boosting mucus production
that invites bacteria trapped in stagnant secretions to cause infections. Studies show that HFCWO therapy is as effective an airway
clearance method for patients who have compromised pulmonary function as traditional chest physical therapy CPT administered by a respiratory therapist. 1 However, HFCWO can be self-administered, relieving a caregiver of participation
in the therapy, and eliminating the attendant cost of an in-home care provider. We believe that HFCWO treatments are cost-effective
primarily because they reduce a patient s risk of respiratory infections and other secondary complications that are associated
with impaired airway clearance and often result in costly hospital visits and repeated antibiotic use. 

The
SmartVest System is designed for patient comfort and ease of use which promotes adherence to prescribed treatment schedules, leading
to improved airway clearance, patient outcomes and quality of life, and a reduction in healthcare utilization. We offer a broad
range of garments, referred to as vests and wraps, in sizes for children and adults that allow for tailored fit. User-friendly
controls allow patients to administer their daily therapy with minimal or no assistance. Our direct product support services provide
patient and clinician education, training, and follow-up to ensure that the product is integrated into each patient s daily
treatment regimen. Additionally, our reimbursement department assures we are working on behalf of the patient by processing their
physician paperwork, providing clinical support and billing the applicable insurance provider. We believe that the advantages
of the SmartVest System and the Company s customer services to the patient include: 

improved
quality of life; 

reduction
in healthcare utilization; 

independence
from a dedicated caregiver; 

consistent
treatments at home; 

improved
comfort during therapy; and 

eligibility
for reimbursement by private insurance, federal or state government programs or combinations of the foregoing. 

1 Nicolini
A, et al. Effectiveness of treatment with high-frequency chest wall oscillation in patients with bronchiectasis. BMC Pulmonary
Medicine. 2013;13(21) . 

1 

Our
Products 

Since
2000, we have marketed the SmartVest System and its predecessor products to patients suffering from bronchiectasis, cystic fibrosis,
and neuromuscular conditions such as cerebral palsy and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis ALS ). Our products are sold
into the home health care market and the acute care setting for patients in a post-surgical or intensive care unit, or who were
admitted for a lung infection brought on by compromised airway clearance. Accordingly, our sales points of contact include adult
pulmonology clinics, cystic fibrosis centers, neuromuscular clinics and hospitals. 

We
have received clearance from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA to market the SmartVest System to promote
airway clearance and improve bronchial drainage. In addition, Electromed is certified to apply the Conformit Europ enne European Conformity or CE marking for HFCWO device sales in all European Union member countries
and approved for HFCWO device sales in other, select international countries. The SmartVest System is available only with a physician s
prescription. 

The
SmartVest System is currently available in two models, The SmartVest SQL and SmartVest Clearway 
which are sold into home care and hospital markets. In November 2022, we announced the introduction of SmartVest Clearway ,
our next generation HFCWO system designed around an enhanced patient experience and modern design. We will continue to support
and service earlier SmartVest models pursuant to the applicable product warranty. As part of our growth strategies, we periodically
evaluate opportunities involving products and services, especially those that may provide value to the respiratory homecare and
institutional market. 

The
SmartVest Clearway System 

The
SmartVest Clearway System consists of an inflatable therapy garment, a programmable air pulse generator and a patented single-hose
that delivers air pulses from the generator to the garment to create oscillatory pressure on the chest wall. The SmartVest Clearway
is designed for maximum comfort and lifestyle convenience, so patients can readily fit therapy into their daily routines. The
SmartVest Clearway was designed with the patient experience in mind continuing our history of offering the smallest, lightest
weight generator on the market and introduces an intuitive touch screen to simplify use. The enhanced features make it easier
to use and enable greater patient freedom in completing therapy. 

360 
 oscillation coverage and patented Soft Start (R) technology: All SmartVest
 garments provide 360 oscillation coverage, which delivers simultaneous treatment
 to all lobes of the lungs. The oscillatory squeeze-and-release technology delivers therapeutic
 pressure to the chest wall to loosen, sheer and propel mucus into the upper airways where
 it can be more easily expectorated. Our patented Soft Start technology gently inflates
 the garment to better acclimate the patient to therapy. 

Open
 system design with Breathing Room TM : The active inflate active
 deflate mechanism of the SmartVest System enables patients to take deep breaths during
 therapy without feeling restricted, providing patients with a more comfortable treatment
 experience. 

Programmable
 generator with user-friendly device operation: The SmartVest Clearway introduces
 an intuitive touchscreen with single touch start. The improved user interface enhances
 device programming and simplifies every-day use. The system features multiple operating
 modes, including ramp, favorite settings designations, and options for saving, locking
 and restoring protocols. An enhanced pause feature allows the physician to program dedicated
 times for the patient to clear secretions during therapy. 

Patented
 single-hose design: A single-hose delivers oscillations to the SmartVest garment,
 which we believe provides therapy in a more comfortable and unobtrusive manner than a
 two-hose system. Oscillations are delivered evenly from the base of the SmartVest garment,
 extending the forces upward and inward in strong but smooth cycles surrounding the chest. 

Soft-fabric
 garment is lightweight and comfortable: The SmartVest garment is the lightest HFCWO
 garment available and is designed to resemble an article of clothing. The light design
 takes weight off of the patients shoulders and torso enhancing the therapy experience.
 Quick fit Velcro -like closures allow for a secure, comfortable fit without
 bulky straps and buckles. The simple design creates a broad size adjustment range to
 ensure a properly tailored fit to accommodate pediatric and adult patients. 

2 

Smaller
 and lighter: SmartVest Clearway is the smallest and lightest HFCWO generator on the
 market, weighing less than 14 pounds. The lightweight design, ergonomic carrying handle
 and compact storage case make it easier for patients to move throughout their home, store
 and integrate HFCWO therapy into their daily lives. 

SmartVest
Connect 

In
June 2017, we launched SmartVest Connect wireless technology, a personalized HFCWO therapy management portal for
patients with compromised pulmonary function. In March 2020, we launched the SmartVest Connect app for both the iOS and Android
operating systems. The SmartVest Connect app securely connects to the SmartVest System through Bluetooth technology. This
interface allows patients and healthcare teams to track therapy in real-time and collaborate on care decisions to improve therapy
adherence and patient outcomes. 

Other
Products 

We
market the Single Patient Use SPU SmartVest and SmartVest Wrap to health care providers in the
acute care setting. Hospitals issue the SPU SmartVest or SmartVest Wrap to an individual patient for managing airway clearance
while inpatient. Both SPU products provide full coverage oscillation and facilitate continuity of care when the SmartVest System
is prescribed for patients with a chronic condition upon discharge for use in the home. 

Our
Market 

We
estimate the total served U.S. market for HFCWO is approximately 250 million in 2022 growing at a 9 compound annual growth rate
based on independent third-party market research. We believe the market for HFCWO is under recognized and underdiagnosed and is
continuing to expand due to an aging population, higher incidence of chronic lung disease, growing awareness by physicians of
diseases and conditions for which patients can benefit from using HFCWO therapy, and treatments moving to lower cost home care
settings. Indications for when HFCWO may be prescribed are not specific to any one disease. A physician may elect to prescribe
HFCWO when such individual believes the patient will benefit from improved airway clearance and external chest manipulation is
the treatment of choice to enhance mucus transport and improve bronchial drainage. 

The
SmartVest System is primarily prescribed for patients with bronchiectasis, cystic fibrosis, and neuromuscular conditions such
as cerebral palsy and ALS. We believe that bronchiectasis represents the fastest growing diagnostic category and greatest potential
for HFCWO growth in the United States exhibiting an 8.7 increase in patients diagnosed between 2000 and 2007 9 . Bronchiectasis
is an irreversible, chronic lung condition characterized by enlarged and permanently damaged bronchi. The condition is associated
with recurrent lower respiratory infections, inflammation, reduction in pulmonary function, impaired respiratory secretion clearance,
increased hospitalizations and medication use, and increased morbidity and mortality. 

We
are driven to make life s important moments possible, one breath at a time, by leading the HFCWO therapy market in clinical
evidence that supports the therapeutic imperative of clearing excess mucus from the lungs. Electromed continues to add to the
body of evidence in support of HFCWO with multiple published clinical outcome studies demonstrating a significant improvement
in quality of life and reduction in exacerbation rates, hospitalizations, emergency department visits, and antibiotic prescriptions
in bronchiectasis patients using the SmartVest System. This includes a 2022 publication in the American Journal of Respiratory
and Critical Care Medicine reviewing outcomes among non-cystic fibrosis bronchiectasis patients with HFCWO Therapy 2-6. In
addition, we designed and ran a quality-of-life study for COPD patients using SmartVest, which was shared at the 2023 American
Thoracic Society International Conference and published in American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine. The study s
results demonstrated statistically significant favorable responses to HFCWO as add on therapy for patients with a primary diagnosis
of COPD. We have also shared data from our bronchiectasis quality of life trial at the 2023 World Bronchiectasis and NTM Conference
highlight effects of HFCWO on clinical symptoms of patients with bronchiectasis Generating additional clinical evidence to further
support the SmartVest System as a preferred treatment for bronchiectasis patients will remain a focus in fiscal 2024. 

3 

We
believe that bronchiectasis is under recognized and underdiagnosed but is experiencing a surge in clinical interest and awareness,
including the relationship to COPD, commonly referred to as bronchiectasis COPD overlap syndrome. The overlap of bronchiectasis
and COPD increases exacerbations and hospitalizations, reduces pulmonary function, and increases mortality. Several recent studies
have estimated prevalence of bronchiectasis, which we believe are helpful for estimating a range of the overall market size. 

Weycker
(2017) projected 4.2 million adults in the United States over the age of 40 may have bronchiectasis, suggesting there is a large
pool of patients with undiagnosed disease. 7 

Henkle
(2018) confirmed a high prevalence of bronchiectasis in the United States, identifying over 600,000 unique patients with at least
one bronchiectasis claim (ICD-9 claims 494.0 or 494.1). The study also observed that patients with dual diagnosis of bronchiectasis
and COPD were in poorer health, with more office visits, more inpatient admissions and more acute respiratory infections. 8 

Seitz
(2012) estimated that 190,000 unique cases of bronchiectasis were diagnosed in Medicare patients in 2007 and bronchiectasis prevalence
increased 8.7 annually between 2000 and 2007. 9 Based on historic growth in prevalence and assuming a constant growth
rate, the estimated number of bronchiectasis diagnoses in Medicare patients in 2021 exceeded 608,000. 

Aksamit
(2017) found 20 (n=350) of patients with bronchiectasis enrolled in the U.S. Bronchiectasis Research Registry between 2008 and
2014 also had COPD and 29 (n=515) also had asthma. 7 Other studies have found that the overlap between bronchiectasis
and COPD is observed in 27 to 57 of patients with COPD. 10-13 8 

Chalmers
(2017) found that prevalence of bronchiectasis in patients with COPD ranged from a low of 4 to as high as 69 with mean prevalence
of 54 . In many studies in patients with COPD, the presence of bronchiectasis was associated with reduced lung function, greater
sputum production, more frequent exacerbations and increased mortality versus those with COPD alone. 14 

These
studies indicate a wide range of potential prevalence of bronchiectasis patients in the United States. We also believe that it
is difficult to estimate from these studies which patients will need or benefit from HFCWO. Internal company estimates derived
from 2020 analysis of the IQVIA PharMetrics Plus database, one of the largest US health plan databases of adjudicated integrated
medical and pharmacy claims, indicate a 15 to 20 penetration of HFCWO within the diagnosed Bronchiectasis population 15 .
By conservatively assessing the market size in relation to the clinical studies cited above, we calculate that current HFCWO adoption
may account for only 100,000 patients of the 500,000 to 600,000 currently diagnosed and treatable patients (see Figure 1 below).
We believe that bronchiectasis is underdiagnosed in the U.S. based on clinical study and epidemiology evidence with an even greater
number of patients that could potentially benefit from diagnosis and treatment. We believe that HFCWO is under prescribed for
bronchiectasis patients resulting in a large, underpenetrated US market opportunity and growth potential for HFCWO therapy. 

2 Sievert
C, et al. Using High Frequency Chest Wall Oscillation in a Bronchiectasis Patient Population: An Outcomes-Based Case Review. Respiratory
Therapy Journal. 2016;11(4): 34 38. 

 3 Sievert
C, et al. Cost-Effective Analysis of Using High Frequency Chest Wall Oscillation (HFCWO) in Patients with Non-Cystic Fibrosis
Bronchiectasis. Respiratory Therapy Journal. 2017;12(1): 45 49. 

 4 Sievert
C, et al. Incidence of Bronchiectasis-Related Exacerbation Rates After High Frequency Chest Wall Oscillation (HFCWO) Treatment
 A Longitudinal Outcome-Based Study. Respiratory Therapy Journal. 2018;13(2): 38 41. 

 5 Powner
J, et al. Employment of an algorithm of care including chest physiotherapy results in reduced hospitalizations and stability of
lung function in bronchiectasis. BMC Pulmonary Medicine . 2019;19(82). 

 6
 DeKoven M, Mandia K, DeFabis N, Chen J, Ruscio A. Patient Characteristics, Healthcare Resource Utilization And Outcomes
Among Non-Cystic Fibrosis Bronchiectasis Patients With High Frequency Chest Wall Oscillation (HFCWO) Therapy. American Journal
of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine. 2022. Vol 205:A3090 

 7 Weycker
D, Hansen G, Seifer F. Prevalence and incidence of noncystic fibrosis bronchiectasis among US adults in 2013. Chronic Respiratory
Disease. 2017; 14(4):377-384. 

 8 Henkle
E, et al. Characteristics and Health-care Utilization History of Patients with Bronchiectasis in US Medicare Enrollees With Prescription
Drug Plans, 2006 to 2014. Chest. 2018;154(6), 1311 1320. 

 9 Seitz
A, et al. Trends in Bronchiectasis Among Medicare Beneficiaries in the United States, 2000 to 2007. Chest. 2012;142(2),
432 439. 

 10 Aksamit
T, et al. Bronchiectasis Research Registry C. Adult Patients With Bronchiectasis: A First Look at the US Bronchiectasis Research
Registry. Chest . 2017;151:982-92. 

 11 Patel
I.S., et al. Bronchiectasis, exacerbation indices, and inflammation in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Am J Respir Crit
Care Med . 2004;170:400-7. 

 12 O Brien
C, et al. Physiological and radiological characterization of patients diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in
primary care. Thorax . 2000;55:635-42. 

 13 Bafadhel
M, et al. The role of CT scanning in multidimensional phenotyping of COPD. Chest . 2011;140:634-42. 

 14 Chalmers
J. and Sethi S. Raising awareness of bronchiectasis in primary care: overview of diagnosis and management strategies in adults.
 NPJ Prim Care Respir Med . 2017;27:18. 

 15
 Internal company estimates derived from IQVIA 2018 PharMetrics Plus Database 

 16
 M. Bruner, C. Bazan, B. Liu, C. Marion, K.S. Skarvan, L. Edwards, G. Solomon. Effects of High Frequency Chest Wall Oscillation
(HFCWO) on Clinical Symptoms in COPD. American Journal of Respiratory and Critical Care Medicine. 2023. Vol 207:C96 

 17
 C. Cheng, M. Bruner, C. Bazan, B. Liu, C. Marion, L. Edwards, G. Solomon. Effects of High Frequency Chest Wall Oscillation
(HFCWO) on Quality of Life in Bronchiectasis. 6th World Bronchiectasis NTM Conference. 2023. Poster Abstract 310-B 

4 

Estimated
HFCWO Market Opportunity - Bronchiectasis Patients (U.S.) Figure 1 

The
heightened awareness of bronchiectasis speaks to the growing body of clinical evidence supporting treatments to improve symptoms
and manage disease progression. 

In
 2019, an observational comparative retrospective cohort study published in BMC Pulmonary
 Medicine evaluated the efficacy of a treatment algorithm in 65 patients with radiographic
 and symptom confirmed bronchiectasis, centered on initiation of HFCWO therapy with the
 SmartVest System. 5 Patients were treated per the algorithm if they reported
 greater than two exacerbations in the previous year and symptoms, including chronic cough,
 sputum production, or dyspnea. Results show that at one-year: exacerbations requiring
 hospitalization and antibiotic use were significantly reduced and mean forced expiratory
 volume remained stable post enrollment, suggesting early initiation of HFCWO therapy
 may slow the otherwise normal progression of the disease. 

In
 2022, the American Journal of Respiratory and Crucial Care Medicine published the results
 of a third-party retrospective cohort analysis of 101 qualifying NCFBE patients who received
 HFCWO. Key findings revealed that patients who used HFCWO therapy experienced improved
 health outcomes, a reduction in healthcare resource utilization and reduction in medication
 usage. 6 

Marketing,
Sales and Distribution 

Our
sales and marketing efforts are focused on driving adoption of our products and services with physicians, clinicians, patients,
and third-party payers and building market awareness to the benefits of HFCWO for treatment of bronchiectasis. Because the sale
of the SmartVest System requires a physician s prescription, we market to physicians and health care providers as well as
directly to patients. Most of our revenue comes from domestic homecare sales through a physician referral model. We have established
our own domestic sales force and support network, which we believe is able to provide superior education, support, and training
to our customers. 

5 

Our
direct U.S. sales force works with physicians and clinicians, primarily pulmonologists, in defined territories to help them understand
our products and services and the value they provide to their respective patients. As of June 30, 2023, we had 55 field sales
employees, including six regional sales managers, 46 clinical area managers CAMs and three clinical educators.
We also have developed a network of approximately 170 respiratory therapists and health care professionals across the U.S. to
assist with in-home SmartVest System patient training on a non-exclusive, independent contractor basis. These independent contractors
are credentialed by the National Board for Respiratory Care as either Certified Respiratory Therapists or Registered Respiratory
Therapists and provide national coverage to an internal team of Registered Respiratory Therapists dedicated to supporting SmartVest
patients. Additionally, Electromed employs a team of reimbursement specialists dedicated to managing insurance and payer relations
and supporting prescribers and patients in navigating financial considerations. The availability of reimbursement is an important
consideration for health care professionals and patients. Because our product has an assigned Healthcare Common Procedure Coding
System HCPCS code, a claim can be billed for reimbursement using that code. We must demonstrate the effectiveness
of our products to public and private insurance providers. The availability of reimbursement exists primarily due to an established
HCPCS code for HFCWO. A HCPCS code is assigned to services and products by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS ). 

Of
the 47.6 million of our revenue derived from the U.S. in fiscal 2023, approximately 92 represented home care and 4 represented
hospital sales. We expect to achieve future sales, earnings, and overall market share growth through a continued focus on product
innovation, differentiation and improved patient experiences and outcomes in the home care segment. We believe that our position
in the market, direct sales team and a dedication to advancing education on HFCWO awareness positions us to drive market awareness
and growth to the benefits of HFCWO in treatment of bronchiectasis. We believe that dedicated service to our providers and patients
is a key component of achieving future sales. Providers seek companies that are easy to work with, are responsive and care for
their patients as an extension of their practices. 

We
generate sales interest through multiple channels that include visits to pulmonology clinics and medical centers, participation
in medical conferences, maintenance of industry contacts to increase the visibility and acceptance of our products by physicians
and health care professionals, support of industry events such as the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation World Bronchiectasis Day and
American Lung Association Fight for Air Climb, as well as through a focus on increasing patients by word of mouth and traffic
to our website and social media channels. We continue to evaluate opportunities to offer the SmartVest System through selected
Home Medical Equipment HME distributors. We maintain agreements with a limited number of HME distributors to distribute
and sell the SmartVest System in the United States home care market. We expect to continue our direct sales channel as our primary
homecare revenue source. 

International
Marketing 

Approximately
1 of our net revenues were from sales outside of the U.S. in both of our fiscal 2023 and our fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 fiscal 2022 ), respectively. We sell our products outside of the U.S. primarily through independent distributors
specializing in respiratory products. Through June 30, 2023, most of our distributors operated in exclusive territories. Our principal
distributors are located in Europe, the Arab states of the Persian Gulf, Southeast Asia, South America and Central America. Units
are sold at a fixed contract price with payments made directly from the distributor, rather than being tied to reimbursement rates
of a patient s insurance provider as is the case for domestic sales. Our sales strategy outside of the U.S. is to maintain
our current distributors with less emphasis on contracting with new distributors. 

Third-Party
Reimbursement 

In
the U.S., individuals who use the SmartVest System generally rely on third-party payers, including private payers and governmental
payers such as Medicare and Medicaid, to cover and reimburse all or part of the cost of using the SmartVest System. Our home care
revenue comes from reimbursement from commercial payers, Medicare, Medicaid, Veterans Affairs and direct patient payments. Reimbursement
for HFCWO therapy and the SmartVest System varies among public and private insurance providers. 

A
key strategy to grow sales is achieving world class customer service and support for our patients and clinicians and increasing
the number of covered lives across a broad payer market. We do this with an established and effective reimbursement department
working on behalf of the patient by processing physician paperwork, seeking insurance authorization and processing claims. The
skill and knowledge gained and offered by our reimbursement department is an important factor in building our revenue and serving
patients financial interests. Our payment terms generally allow patients to acquire the SmartVest System over a period
of one to 15 months, which is consistent with reimbursement procedures followed by Medicare and other third parties. The payment
amount we receive for any single referral may vary based on several factors, including Medicare and third-party reimbursement
processes and policies. The reimbursement department includes the payer relations function working directly with all payer types
to increase the covered lives for the SmartVest System with national and regional private insurers and applicable state and federal
government entities as well as to maintain the current licenses with state and federal government and payer contracts. 

6 

Our
SmartVest System is reimbursed under HCPCS code E0483. Currently, the Medicare total allowable amount of reimbursement for this
billing code is approximately 15,000. The allowed amount for state Medicaid programs ranges from approximately 8,000 to 15,000,
which is similar to commercial payers. Actual reimbursement from third-party payers can vary and can be significantly less than
the full allowable amount. Deductions from the allowable amount, such as co-payments, deductibles and/or maximums on durable medical
equipment, decrease the reimbursement received from the third-party payer. Collecting a full allowable amount depends on our ability
to obtain reimbursement from the patient s secondary and/or supplemental insurance if the patient has additional coverage,
or our ability to collect amounts from individual patients. 

Most
patients can qualify for reimbursement and payment from Medicare, Medicaid, private insurance or combinations of the foregoing.
Our sales continue to be dependent, in part, on the availability of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers, even though
our devices have been cleared for marketing by the FDA. The way reimbursement is sought and obtained varies based upon the type
of payer involved and the setting in which the procedure is furnished. 

Research
and Development 

Our
research and development R D capabilities consist of full-time engineering staff and several consultants.
We periodically engage consultants and contract engineering employees to supplement our development initiatives. Our team has
a demonstrated record of developing new products that receive the appropriate product approvals and regulatory clearances around
the world as demonstrated by the FDA 510(k) clearance for the SmartVest Clearway Airway Clearance System received November 2022. 

During
fiscal 2023 and 2022, we incurred R D expenses of approximately 916,000 and 1,356,000, or 1.9 and 3.3 of our net revenues,
respectively. As a percentage of sales, we expect spending on R D expenses to remain within a range of 1-2 of net revenues
for fiscal 2024. 

Intellectual
Property 

As
of June 30, 2023, we held 12 United States and 41 foreign-issued patents covering the SmartVest System and its underlying technology
and had 9 pending United States and foreign patent applications. These patents and patent applications offer coverage in the field
of air pressure pulse delivery to a human in support of airway clearance. 

We
generally pursue patent protection for patentable subject matter in our proprietary devices in foreign countries that we have
identified as key markets for our products. These markets include the European Union, Japan, and other countries. 

We
also have received 13 U.S. and 111 foreign trademark and service mark registrations. 

Manufacturing

Our
headquarters in New Prague, Minnesota includes a dedicated manufacturing and engineering facility of more than 14,000 square feet,
and we are certified on an annual basis to be compliant with International Organization for Standardization ISO 13485 quality system standards. Our site has been audited regularly by the FDA and ISO, in accordance with their practices, and
we maintain our operations in a manner consistent with their requirements for a medical device manufacturer. While components
are outsourced to meet our detailed specifications, each SmartVest System is assembled, tested, and approved for final shipment
at our manufacturing site in New Prague, consistent with FDA, Underwriters Laboratory, and ISO standards. Many of our strategic
suppliers are located within 100 miles of our headquarters, which enables us to closely monitor our component supply chain. We
maintain established inventory levels for critical components and finished goods to assure continuity of supply. During fiscal
2022 and 2023, we experienced longer lead times for critical electronic components related to worldwide supply shortages due to
COVID-19 and the related U.S. and global economic recovery. 

7 

Product
Warranties 

We
provide a warranty on the SmartVest System that covers the cost of replacement parts and labor, or a new SmartVest System in the
event we determine a full replacement is necessary. For each homecare SmartVest System initially purchased and currently located
in the U.S. and Canada, we provide a lifetime warranty to the individual patient for whom the SmartVest System is prescribed.
For sales to institutions and HME distributors within the U.S., and for all international sales, except Canadian home care, we
provide a three-year warranty. 

Competition 

The
original HFCWO technology was licensed to American Biosystems, Inc. (formerly Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc., now part of Baxter International
Inc.) Baxter ), which, until the introduction of our original MedPulse Respiratory Vest System in
2000, was the only manufacturer of a product with HFCWO technology cleared for market by the FDA (Hill Rom s The Vest 
 Airway Clearance System). Respiratory Technologies, Inc. (formerly RespirTech, now part of Koninklijke Phillips N.V.) Philips received FDA clearance to market their HFCWO product, the inCourage Airway Clearance Therapy in 2005. Both Baxter
and Philips employ a direct-to-patient model, with Philips additionally offering its HFCWO device through selected DME distributors. 

The
AffloVest from Tactile Systems Technology Inc. Tactile Medical also participates in the same market
as our SmartVest System. Tactile Medical primarily sells its device through DME companies who distribute home care medical devices
and supplies. 

Alternative
products for administering pulmonary therapy include: Positive Expiratory Pressure, Intrapulmonary Percussive Ventilation, CPT
and breathing techniques. Physicians may prescribe some or all of these devices and techniques, depending upon each patient s
health status, severity of disease, compliance, or personal preference. 

Key
drivers of HFCWO product sales continue to be improved quality of life through documented clinical outcomes and reduction in healthcare
costs through resource utilization evidence. Technology innovations and enhancements to the patient experience such as size, weight
of the generator, and optimized user interaction increase product reputation and patient satisfaction. We believe we distinguish
ourselves in these areas with competitive advantages over alternative treatments ultimately improving the patient comfort, ease
of use, and the effectiveness of HFCWO treatment. Because HFCWO is not technique dependent, as compared to most
other alternative pulmonary therapy products, therapy remains consistent and controlled for the duration of treatment. 

Governmental
Regulation 

Medicare
and Medicaid 

Recent
government and private sector initiatives in the U.S. and foreign countries aim at limiting the growth of health care costs including:
price regulation, competitive pricing, coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness of therapies, technology assessments,
and managed-care arrangements. These initiatives are causing the marketplace to put increased emphasis on the delivery of more
cost-effective medical devices that result in better clinical outcomes. Government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid,
have attempted to control costs by limiting the amount of reimbursement the program will pay for procedures or treatments, restricting
coverage for certain products or services, and implementing other mechanisms designed to constrain utilization and contain costs.
Many private insurance programs look to Medicare as a guide in setting coverage policies and payment amounts. These initiatives
have created an increasing level of price sensitivity among our customers. 

Home
Medical Equipment Licensing 

Although
we do not fall under competitive bidding for Medicare, we often must satisfy the same licensing requirements as other DME providers
that qualify for competitive bidding. In response to out-of-state businesses winning the competitive bidding process, which had
a significant impact on small local DME businesses, many states have enacted regulations that require a DME provider to have an
in-state business presence, specifically through state HME licensing boards or through state Medicaid programs. In order to do
business with any patients in the state or to be a provider for the state Medicaid program, a DME provider must have an in-state
presence. In addition to Minnesota, the location of our corporate headquarters, we have a licensed in-state presence in three
other states. We also maintain an in-state presence in California to meet their state Medicaid requirements. In-state presence
requirements vary from state to state, but generally require a physical location that is staffed and open during regular business
hours. We are licensed to do business in all states except for Alaska and Hawaii. 

8 

Product
Regulations 

Our
medical devices are subject to regulation by numerous government agencies, including the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory
agencies. To varying degrees, each of these agencies requires us to comply with laws and regulations governing the development,
testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing, and distribution of our medical devices, and compliance with these laws and regulations
entails significant costs for us. Our regulatory and quality assurance departments provide detailed oversight in their areas of
responsibility to support required clearances and approvals to market our products. 

In
addition to the clearances and approvals discussed below, we obtained ISO 13485 certification in January 2005 and receive annual
certification of our compliance to the current ISO quality standards. 

FDA
Requirements 

We
have received clearance from the FDA to market our products, including the SmartVest System. We may be required to obtain additional
FDA clearance before marketing a new or modified product in the U.S., either through the 510(k)-clearance process or the more
complex premarket approval process. The process may be time consuming and expensive, particularly if human clinical trials are
required. Failure to obtain such clearances or approvals could adversely affect our ability to grow our business. 

Continuing
Product Regulation 

In
addition to its approval processes for new products, the FDA may require testing and post-market surveillance programs to monitor
the safety and effectiveness of previously cleared products that have been commercialized and may prevent or limit further marketing
of products based on the results of post-mark surveillance results. At any time after marketing clearance of a product, the FDA
may conduct periodic inspections to determine compliance with both the FDA s Quality System Regulation QSR requirements and current medical device reporting regulations. Product approvals by the FDA can be withdrawn due to failure to
comply with regulatory standards or the occurrence of unforeseen problems following initial market clearance. The failure to comply
with regulatory standards or the discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or manufacturer could result in fines,
delays or suspensions of regulatory clearances, seizures or recalls of products (with the attendant expenses), the banning of
a particular device, an order to replace or refund the cost of any device previously manufactured or distributed, operating restrictions
and criminal prosecution, as well as decreased sales as a result of negative publicity and product liability claims. 

We
must register annually with the FDA as a device manufacturer and, as a result, are subject to periodic FDA inspection for compliance
with the FDA s QSR requirements that require us to adhere to certain extensive regulations. In addition, the federal Medical
Device Reporting regulations require us to provide information to the FDA whenever there is evidence that reasonably suggests
that a device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or, if a malfunction were to occur, could cause or contribute
to a death or serious injury. We also must maintain certain certifications to sell products internationally, and we undergo periodic
inspections by notified bodies to obtain and maintain these certifications. 

Advertising
and marketing of medical devices, in addition to being regulated by the FDA, are also regulated by the Federal Trade Commission
and by state regulatory and enforcement authorities. Recently, promotional activities for FDA-regulated products of other companies
have been the subject of enforcement action brought under health care reimbursement laws and consumer protection statutes. Competitors
and others also can initiate litigation relating to advertising and/or marketing claims. If the FDA were to determine our promotional
or training materials constitute promotion of an unapproved or uncleared claim of use, it is possible we would need to modify
our training or promotional materials or be subject to regulatory or enforcement actions that could result in civil fines or criminal
penalties. Other federal, state or foreign enforcement authorities could also take similar action if they were to determine that
our promotional or training materials constitute promotion of an unapproved use, which could result in significant fines or penalties. 

9 

European
Union and Other Regions 

European
Union rules require that medical products receive the right to affix the CE mark, demonstrating adherence to quality standards
and compliance with relevant European Union Medical Device Directives MDD ). Products that bear CE mark can be imported
to, sold or distributed within the European Union. We obtained clearance to use the CE mark on our products in April 2005. Renewal
of CE marking is required every five years, and our notified body performs an annual audit to ensure that we are in compliance
with all applicable regulations. We have maintained our CE marking in good standing since originally receiving it and most recently
renewed it in January 2020. The renewal of our MDD certificate will allow us to continue to CE mark and sell our SmartVest SQL
device, with no substantial changes, in the European Union until the certificate expires in May 2024. We are currently working
on finalizing updates to the quality system to achieve full compliance with Regulation (EU) 2017/745 (EU MDR) which came into
effect in May 2021. We also require all our distributors in the European Union and other regions to comply with their home country
regulations in our distributor agreements. 

Federal
Physician Payments Sunshine Act 

The
Federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act (Section 6002 of the PPACA) (the Sunshine Act was adopted on February 1,
2013, to create transparency for the financial relationship between medical device companies and physicians and/or teaching hospitals
(covered recipients). In January 2021, the Sunshine Act was expanded to cover payments made to these additional covered recipients,
physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified nurse anesthetists, and certified nurse midwives.
The Sunshine Act requires all manufacturers of drugs and medical devices to annually report to CMS any payments or any other transfers
of value made to any covered recipients, including but not limited to consulting fees, grants, clinical research support,
royalties, honoraria, meals, and value of long-term use (over 90 days) of evaluation equipment. This information is then posted
on a public website so that consumers can learn how much was paid to their physician by drug and medical device companies. The
Sunshine Act requires ongoing data collection and annual management and reporting by us and imposes civil penalties for manufacturers
that fail to report timely, accurately, or completely to CMS. 

Fraud
and Abuse Laws 

Federal
health care laws apply to the marketing of our products and when we or our customers submit claims for items or services that
are reimbursed under Medicare, Medicaid or other federally funded health care programs. The principal applicable federal laws
include: 

the
 False Claims Act, which prohibits the submission of false or otherwise improper claims
 for payment to a federally funded health care program; 

the
 Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits offers to pay or receive remuneration of any kind
 for the purpose of inducing or rewarding referrals of items or services reimbursable
 by a federal health care program; and 

the
 Stark Law, which prohibits physicians from profiting (actually or potentially) from their
 own referrals. 

There
are often similar state false claims, anti-kickback, and anti-self-referral and insurance laws that apply to state-funded Medicaid
and other health care programs and private third-party payers. In addition, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act can be used
to prosecute companies in the U.S. for arrangements with physicians, or other parties outside the U.S. if the physician or party
is a government official of another country and the arrangement violates the law of that country. Enforcement of these regulations
has become increasingly stringent, particularly due to more prevalent use of the whistleblower provisions under the False Claims
Act, which allow a private individual to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging that the defendant has submitted
a false claim to the federal government and to share in any monetary recovery. If a governmental authority were to conclude that
we are not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we and our officers and employees could be subject to severe criminal
and civil penalties and disbarment from participation as a supplier of product to beneficiaries covered by Medicare or Medicaid. 

10 

Health
care fraud and false statement statutes, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and its implementing
regulations HIPAA and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act HITECH ),
also prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any health
care benefit program, including private payers, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing, or covering up a material
fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement or representation in connection with the delivery of or
payment for health care benefits, items or services. 

HIPAA,
HITECH and Other Privacy Regulations 

Federal
and state laws protect the confidentiality of certain patient health information, including patient records, and restrict the
use and disclosure of such information. HIPAA and HITECH set forth privacy and security standards that govern the use and disclosure
of protected electronic health information by covered entities, which include healthcare providers, health plans
and healthcare clearinghouses. Because we provide our products directly to patients and bill third-party payers such as Medicare,
Medicaid, and insurance companies, we are a covered entity and must comply with these standards. Failure to comply
with HIPAA and HITECH or any state or foreign laws regarding personal data protection may result in significant fines or penalties
and/or negative publicity. In addition to federal regulations issued under HIPAA and HITECH, some states have enacted privacy
and security statutes or regulations that, in some cases, are more stringent than those issued under HIPAA and HITECH. In those
cases, it may be necessary to modify our planned operations and procedures to comply with the more stringent state laws. If we
fail to comply with applicable state laws and regulations, we could be subject to additional sanctions. 

Environmental
Laws 

We
are subject to various environmental laws and regulations both within and outside the U.S. Like other medical device companies,
our operations involve the use of substances regulated under environmental laws, primarily manufacturing, sterilization, and disposal
processes. We do not expect that compliance with environmental protection laws will have a material impact on our results of operations,
financial position, or cash flows. 

Cybersecurity
and Data Privacy 

Protecting
the privacy of customer and personnel information is important to us, and we maintain security protocols and processes, including
ongoing training and education for all personnel, designed to combat the risk of unauthorized access or inadvertent disclosure.
Our business operations involve confidential information, including patient health information subject to regulation as discussed
under HIPAA, HITECH and Other Privacy Regulations above. Our information technology infrastructure is designed
to offer reliability, scalability, performance, security and privacy for our personnel, clients, and third-party contractors. 

We
maintain comprehensive compliance and security programs designed to help safeguard and ensure the integrity of the confidential
information we possess, which includes both organizational and technical control measures. We also have programs in place to monitor
the safety of confidential information as well as plans for immediate, coordinated action in the event of a potential security
incident. We routinely conduct employee trainings on important information security procedures and engage with independent third-party
firms to test and measure compliance on these security measures. In addition, we have maintained appropriate cyber insurance policies
that limit the financial risk of any potential incident. Our cyber insurance policies include dedicated support for remediating
a specific cybersecurity or data privacy incident and limit the potential financial risk associated with an actual incident. 

Even
though we have implemented administrative, physical, and technical safeguards designed to help protect the confidential data we
possess and the integrity of our information systems and infrastructure, these safeguards may not be effective in preventing future
cybersecurity incidents or data breaches. 

11 

Human
Capital 

We
believe that our dedicated, talented employees are our most valuable resource and a key strength in accomplishing our collective
mission and goals. As of June 30, 2023, we had 170 employees, an increase of 9 from fiscal 2022, who are in 30 states throughout
the United States. 18 of our employees were respiratory therapists licensed by appropriate state professional organizations. We
also had approximately 170 respiratory therapists and health care professionals retained on a non-exclusive, independent contractor
basis to provide training to our customers in the U.S. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement.
We believe our relations with our employees are good. 

We
are committed to attracting, retaining, and developing diverse and high-performing talent that includes a strong focus on performance
and development, total rewards, diversity, inclusion and equity, and employee safety. These serve as the pillars to our human
capital management framework. 

We
understand that our success and growth depend on attracting, retaining, and developing talent across all levels of the organization.
Our recruitment strategies are continuously reviewed with leadership and partners to ensure our practices align with our mission,
purpose, and values. 

We
believe in ensuring that employees understand our mission, purpose, and goals as well as their impact on our success. We use an
annual performance review process to support development and performance discussions with employees. In addition, every employee
is eligible to participate in our incentive plan, which allows for us to share the rewards of the company with the people who
significantly contribute to our success. 

To
cultivate a learning culture that provides enhancement and growth for our people, we offer educational assistance, online training,
seminars, specific skill training, and participation in business and industry organizations. We are also committed to contributing
our talents and resources to serve the communities in which we live and work through various charitable campaigns, employee programs
and volunteerism. We believe that this commitment assists in our efforts to attract and retain employees. 

We
believe that sharing rewards is essential to increasing employee engagement and improving morale and creating a positive culture.
We also offer our employees a competitive salary and benefits package and are committed to continuous review of these programs.
These benefits include but are not limited to retirement savings, a variety of health insurance options and other benefits programs,
including dental and vision, disability insurance, contributions to health savings accounts, paid maternity/paternity leave, and
wellness resources. In addition, we offer opportunities for remote work and flexible schedules and location, depending on business
needs and the specific role. 

We
are committed to ensuring a diverse workforce in a safe environment by maintaining compliance with applicable employment laws
and governmental regulations. Treating employees with dignity and equality is of utmost importance in everything we do. We take
pride in the fact that women represent 50 of our total managerial roles.. We pride ourselves on accepting, hearing, and celebrating
multiple approaches and points of view and building on an inclusive and diverse culture. 

Safety
is a vital aspect to the success of our people and business. We are proud of our employees collective commitment to secure
and maintain safe work practices that have resulted in zero lost time injuries within our manufacturing operations. We also provide
wellbeing services to support each employee s physical and mental health and will continue to emphasize the importance of
the safety and health of our employees in all we do. 

Available
Information 

Our
Internet address is www.smartvest.com. We have made available on our website, free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and, if applicable, amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably
practicable after we electronically file these materials with, or furnish them to, the SEC. Reports of beneficial ownership filed
by our directors and executive officers pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act are also available on our website. We are
not including the information contained on our website as part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains our reports, proxy and information statements, and other information
we file or furnish with the SEC, available at www.sec.gov. 

12 

Item
 1A. Risk
 Factors. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this item. 

Item
 1B. Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this item. 

Item
 2. Properties. 

We
own our principal headquarters and manufacturing facilities, consisting of approximately 37,000 square feet, which are located
on an approximately 2.3-acre parcel in New Prague, Minnesota. All of the Company s revenues, profits, and assets are associated
with this facility. We believe that our facilities are satisfactory for our long-term growth plans. 

Item
 3. Legal
 Proceedings. 

The
disclosure regarding legal proceedings set forth in Note 11 to our Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report
on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. Occasionally, we may be party to legal actions, proceedings, or claims in the
ordinary course of business, including claims based on the assertions of patent and trademark infringement. Corresponding costs
are accrued when it is probable that loss will be incurred, and the amount can be precisely or reasonably estimated. We are not
aware of any undisclosed actual or threatened litigation that would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
or results of operations. 

Item
 4. Mine
 Safety Disclosures. 

None. 

PART
II 

Item
 5. Market
 For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases
 of Equity Securities. 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is listed on the NYSE American under the symbol ELMD . 

As
of August 15, 2023, there were 55 registered holders of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We
have never paid cash dividends on any of our shares of common stock. We currently intend to retain any earnings for use in operations
and do not anticipate paying cash dividends to our shareholders in the foreseeable future. The agreement governing our credit
facility restricts our ability to pay dividends. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 

None. 

13 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Company and Affiliated Purchasers 

On
May 26, 2021, our Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase authorization. Under the authorization, we were originally able
to repurchase up to 3.0 million of outstanding shares of our common stock through May 26, 2022. On May 26, 2022, our Board of
Directors removed the date limitation. The shares of our common stock may be repurchased on the open market or in privately negotiated
transactions subject to applicable securities laws and regulations. As of June 30, 2023, the approximate dollar value of shares
that may yet be purchased under the aforementioned authorization was 275,000. The following table sets forth information concerning
purchases of shares of our common stock for the three months ended June 30, 2023: 

Period 
 Total
 Number 
 of Shares 
 Purchased 
 Average 
 Price Paid per Share 
 Total
 Number of 
 Shares Purchased as 
 Part of Publicly 
 Announced Plans or 
 Programs 
 Approximate
 Dollar 
 Value of Shares that 
 May Yet be 
 Purchased Under the 
 Plans or Programs 
 
 April 1 April 30, 2023 

275,000 
 
 May 1 May 31, 2023 

275,000 
 
 June 1 June 30, 2023 

275,000 
 
 Total 

Item
6. [Reserved]. 

Item
 7. Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our
financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The forward-looking statements
include statements that reflect management s good faith beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations and
intentions with respect to our future development plans, capital resources and requirements, results of operations, and future
business performance. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements included
in this discussion as a result of certain factors, including, but not limited to, those discussed in the section entitled Information
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements immediately preceding Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

Electromed
develops and provides innovative airway clearance products applying HFCWO technologies in pulmonary care for patients of all ages. 

We
manufacture, market and sell products that provide HFCWO, including the SmartVest System that includes our newest generation SmartVest
Clearway , previous generation SmartVest SQL and related products, to patients with compromised
pulmonary function. The SmartVest Clearway is an updated and modern approach to HFCWO focused on an enhanced patient experience
and proven patient outcomes. The product delivers effective 360 o oscillatory pressure through our proprietary rapid
inflate-deflate technology which improves the patient s ability to breathe deeply during therapy. SmartVest Clearway is
the smallest, and lightest generator on the market, and is designed with an intuitive touchscreen to simplify programing and everyday
use. Our products are sold in both the home health care market and the institutional market for use by patients in hospitals,
which we refer to as institutional sales. The SmartVest SQL has been sold in the domestic home care market since
2014. In 2015, we launched the SmartVest SQL into institutional and certain international markets. In June 2017, we announced
the launch of the SmartVest SQL with SmartVest Connect wireless technology, which allows data connection between physicians
and patients to track therapy performance and collaborate in treatment decisions. In 2022, we launched the SmartVest Clearway
with SmartVest Connect technology to adult pulmonary, pediatric and cystic fibrosis patients for use in the home. We have marketed
the SmartVest System and its predecessor products since 2000 to patients suffering from cystic fibrosis, bronchiectasis and repeated
episodes of pneumonia. Additionally, we offer our products to a patient population that includes neuromuscular disorders such
as cerebral palsy, muscular dystrophies, ALS, and patients with post-surgical complications or who are ventilator dependent or
have other conditions involving excess secretion and impaired mucus transport. 

The
SmartVest System is often eligible for reimbursement from major private insurance providers, health maintenance organizations HMOs ), state Medicaid systems, and the federal Medicare system, which we believe is an important consideration
for patients considering an HFCWO course of therapy. For domestic sales, the SmartVest System may be reimbursed under the Medicare-assigned
billing code (E0483) for HFCWO devices if the patient has cystic fibrosis, bronchiectasis (including chronic bronchitis or COPD
that has resulted in a diagnosis of bronchiectasis), or any one of certain enumerated neuromuscular diseases, and can demonstrate
that another less expensive physical or mechanical treatment did not adequately mobilize retained secretions. Private payers consider
a variety of sources, including Medicare, as guidelines in setting their coverage policies and payment amounts. 

14 

We
employ a direct-to-patient and provider model, through which we obtain patient referrals from clinicians, manage insurance claims
on behalf of our patients and their clinicians, deliver our solutions to patients and train them on proper use in their homes.
This model allows us to directly approach patients and clinicians, whereby we disintermediate the traditional durable medical
equipment channel and capture both the manufacturer and distributor margins. We have engaged a limited number of regional durable
medical equipment distributors focused on respiratory therapies as an alternate sales channel. Revenue through this channel was
3 of our total revenues in fiscal 2023. 

Our
key growth strategies for fiscal 2024 are to accelerate our revenue growth by taking market share and expanding the addressable
population for the largest and fastest growing segments of the market: adult pulmonology/bronchiectasis. Actions to support accelerating
our growth include the following: 

Expand
 our sales force in targets geographies with high potential, adding an additional five
 territories and direct sales reps; 

Increase
 Electromed brand awareness through direct-to-consumer and physician marketing, and peer
 to peer education; 

Provide
 best-in-class customer care and support; and 

Develop
 and promulgate the body of bronchiectasis clinical evidence to increase physician adoption
 of the SmartVest System for patients. 

Impacts
of COVID-19 on Our Business and Operations 

In
March 2020, the World Health Organization designated COVID-19 as a global pandemic, and the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services designated COVID-19 as a public health emergency PHE ). In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and the U.S.
federal government s declaration of a PHE, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS implemented
several temporary rule changes and waivers to allow prescribers to best treat patients during the period of the PHE. These waivers
became effective on March 1, 2020. Clinical indications and documentation typically required were not enforced for respiratory-related
products, including the SmartVest System (solely with respect to Medicare patients). 

On
January 30, 2023, the Biden administration announced that the COVID-19 national and PHE declarations will end on May 11, 2023.
The CMS waiver was not extended and expired on May 11, 2023. We believe that we were able to mitigate the potential effects on
our net revenue resulting from the expiration of the CMS waiver by hiring additional employees to increase capacity and minimize
the average timeframe to convert a Medicare patient referral to approval and re-educating clinicians on Medicare requirements
for reimbursement of HFCWO. 

We
did not receive any direct financial assistance from any government program during fiscal 2022 or fiscal 2023 in connection with
COVID-19 relief measures. 

Impacts
of Certain Macro-Economic Conditions and the Supply Chain on Our Business and Operations 

We
observed increased lead times for certain components in our supply chain and increased material costs and shipping rates during
the second half of fiscal 2022 and all of fiscal 2023. The changes to our supply chain lead times resulted in a temporary interruption
that impacted product availability for certain customers beginning in September 2022 and continuing through June 2023. We anticipate
that these increased lead times and temporary interruption of supply have the potential to continue through the first half of
fiscal 2024. If we are unable to procure components to meet our demand or if we extend delivery lead-times to our customers, there
may be an adverse impact to our revenue and, longer term, the potential of market share losses. We are taking actions to expedite
components and to identify and qualify alternate suppliers for certain components to minimize any impact to our revenue and customer
deliveries. We expect that material costs and shipping rates will remain elevated during the first half of fiscal 2024 relating
to supply chain availability and inflationary trends in electronic components and may extend to other components. In certain instances,
we have purchased key electronic materials in advance to ensure adequate future supply and mitigate the risk of potential supply
chain disruptions. It is possible that these macro-economic conditions could have a greater adverse impact on our supply chain
in the future, including impacts associated with preventative and precautionary measures taken by other businesses and applicable
governments. A reduction or further interruption in any of our manufacturing processes could have a material adverse effect on
our business. Any significant increases to our raw material or shipping costs could reduce our gross margins. 

15 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

During
the preparation of our financial statements, we are required to make estimates, assumptions and judgment that affect reported
amounts. Those estimates and assumptions affect our reported amounts of assets and liabilities, our disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities, and our reported revenues and expenses. We update these estimates, assumptions, and judgment as appropriate.
Some of our accounting policies and estimates require us to exercise significant judgment in selecting the appropriate assumptions
for calculating financial statements. Such judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. Among other factors, these
judgments are based upon our historical experience, known trends in our industry, terms of existing contracts and other information
from outside sources, as appropriate. The following is a summary of our primary critical accounting policies and estimates. See
also Note 1 to the Financial Statements, included in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Revenue
Recognition 

Revenue
is measured based on consideration specified in the contract with a customer, adjusted for any applicable estimates of variable
consideration and other factors affecting the transaction price, including consideration paid or payable to customers and significant
financing components. Revenue from all customers is recognized when a performance obligation is satisfied by transferring control
of a distinct good or service to a customer. 

Individual
promised goods and services in a contract are considered a performance obligation and accounted for separately if the individual
good or service is distinct (i.e., the customer can benefit from the good or service on its own or with other resources that are
readily available to the customer and the good or service is separately identifiable from other promises in the arrangement).
If an arrangement includes multiple performance obligations, the consideration is allocated between the performance obligations
in proportion to their estimated standalone selling price, unless discounts or variable consideration is attributable to one or
more but not all the performance obligations. Costs related to products delivered are recognized in the period incurred, unless
criteria for capitalization of costs under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 340-40, Other Assets and
Deferred Costs, or the requirements under other applicable accounting guidance are met. 

The
Company includes shipping and handling fees in net revenues. Shipping and handling costs associated with the shipment of the Company s
SmartVest System after control has transferred to a customer are accounted for as a fulfillment cost and are included in cost
of revenues. 

We
request that customers return previously sold units that are no longer in use to us to limit the possibility that such units would
be resold by unauthorized parties or used by individuals without a prescription. The customer is under no obligation to return
the product; however, we do reclaim the majority of previously sold units upon the discontinuance of patient usage. We are certified
to recondition and resell returned SmartVest System units. Returned units are typically reconditioned and resold and continue
to be used for demonstration equipment and warranty replacement parts. 

Inventory
Valuation 

Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out method) or net realizable value. Work in process and finished goods are carried
at standard cost, which approximates actual cost, and includes materials, labor and allocated overhead. The reserve for obsolescence
is determined by analyzing the inventory on hand and comparing it to expected future sales. Estimated inventory to be returned
is based on how many devices that have shipped that are expected to be returned prior to completion of the insurance reimbursement
process. 

16 

Warranty
Reserve 

The
Company provides a lifetime warranty on its products to the prescribed patient for sales within the U.S. and a three-year warranty
for all institutional sales and sales to individuals outside the U.S. The Company estimates the costs that may be incurred under
its warranty and records a liability in the amount of such costs at the time the product is shipped. Factors that affect the Company s
warranty reserve include the number of units shipped, historical and anticipated rates of warranty claims, the product s
useful life and cost per claim. The Company periodically assesses the adequacy of its recorded warranty reserve and adjusts the
amounts as necessary. 

Share-Based
Compensation 

Share-based
payment awards consist of options to purchase shares of our common stock issued to employees. Expense for share-based payment
awards consist of options to purchase shares of our common stock issued to employees for services. Expense for options is estimated
using the Black-Scholes pricing model at the date of grant and expense for restricted stock is determined by the closing price
on the day the grant is made. Expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service or vesting period of the
award, or at the time services are provided for non-employee awards. In determining the fair value of options, we make various
assumptions using the Black-Scholes pricing model, including expected risk-free interest rate, stock price volatility, and life.
See Note 8 to the Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of these
assumptions. 

17 

Results
of Operations 

Fiscal
Year Ended June 30, 2023 Compared to Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 2022 

Revenues

Revenue
for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 are summarized in the table below. 

Fiscal
 Years Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 Increase
 (Decrease) 
 
 Home Care Revenue 
 43,945,000 
 38,004,000 
 5,941,000 
 15.6 
 
 Institutional Revenue 
 2,080,000 
 1,660,000 
 420,000 
 25.3 
 
 Home Care Distributor Revenue 
 1,618,000 
 1,474,000 
 144,000 
 9.8 
 
 International Revenue 
 424,000 
 521,000 
 (97,000 
 (18.6 
 
 Total Revenue 
 48,067,000 
 41,659,000 
 6,408,000 
 15.4 

Home
Care Revenue. Home care revenue increased by 5,941,000, or 15.6 , in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. The revenue increase
compared to fiscal 2022 was primarily due to increases in referrals and approvals. The increase in referrals was primarily due
to an increase in direct sales representatives, increased sales representative productivity driven by increased clinic access
and patient flow, our sales team refining their selling process and clinic targeting methodology, and benefits of the CMS waiver
on the non-commercial Medicare portion of our home care revenue. Additionally, we benefitted from a Medicare allowable rate increase
that took effect on January 1, 2023. Annual Medicare rate increases for our device are linked closely to changes in the Urban
Consumer Price Index. 

The
CMS waiver benefited the non-commercial Medicare portion of our home care revenue by increasing the number of referrals and the
approval percentage for previously non-covered diagnoses. We believe that our ongoing sales team execution, along with the return
to pre-COVID-19 levels of patient face-to-face engagement with physicians and clinic access for our sales team mitigated the fourth
quarter homecare revenue impact of the CMS waiver expiration on May 11, 2023. 

Institutional
Revenue. Institutional revenue increased by 420,000, or 25.3 , in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. Institutional revenue
includes sales to group purchasing organizations, rental companies and other institutions. The revenue increase was due to increased
capital purchases and stronger consumable volumes compared to fiscal 2022, as hospitals resumed utilization of HFCWO protocols
after reducing utilization early in the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Home
Care Distributor Revenue. Home care distributor revenue increased by 144,000, or 9.8 , in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal
2022. The revenue increase in fiscal 2023 was due to increased demand from one of our primary home care distribution partners.
We began selling to a limited number of home medical equipment distributors during our fiscal year ended June 30, 2020, who in
turn sell our SmartVest System in the U.S. home care market. 

International
Revenue. International revenue decreased by 97,000, or 18.6 , in fiscal 2023 compared to fiscal 2022. International revenue
growth is not currently a primary focus for us, and our corporate resources are focused on supporting and maintaining our current
international distributors. 

Gross
Profit 

Gross
profit increased to 36,519,000 in fiscal 2023, or 76.0 of net revenues, from 31,442,000 or 75.5 of net revenues, in fiscal
2022. The increase in gross profit was primarily related to increases in domestic home care revenue including the Medicare allowable
rate increase that took effect in January 2023. 

18 

We
have a goal of improving our gross margin percentage over time due to cost savings initiatives associated with Clearway, supplier
optimization, and gaining operating leverage on higher volumes. 

Operating
Expenses 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses. Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses were 31,595,000
in fiscal 2023, representing an increase of 4,481,000 or 16.5 from 27,114,000 in fiscal 2022. 

SG A
payroll and compensation-related expenses including health insurance benefits and other compensation increased by 2,629,000,
or 14.7 , to 20,552,000 in fiscal 2023, compared to 17,923,000 in fiscal 2022. The increase in the current year was primarily
due to a higher average number of sales, sales support and marketing personnel, increased reimbursement personnel to process higher
patient referrals, increased temporary resources to assist with systems infrastructure investments and increased incentive payments
on higher home care revenue. We have also continued to provide regular merit-based increases for our employees and are regularly
benchmarking our compensation ranges for new and existing employees to ensure we can hire and retain the talent needed to drive
growth in our business. Field sales employees totaled 55, of which 46 were direct sales, as of June 30, 2023, compared to 52 as
of June 30, 2022, of which 43 were direct sales. We expect to continue to expand our salesforce to align with our revenue growth
projections. 

Professional
and legal fees, including recruiting and insurance expenses, increased by 859,000, or 19.4 , to 5,284,000 in fiscal 2023, compared
to 4,425,000 in fiscal 2022. Professional fees include services related to legal costs, shareowner services and reporting requirements,
information technology technical support and consulting fees. The increase in the current year was primarily due to an increased
investment in our system infrastructure and increased clinical study costs. We continue to make key investments in systems infrastructure
including implementing a new enterprise resource planning system, enhancing our customer relationship management system and further
optimizing of the revenue cycle management system that was implemented in June 2021. We expect these system infrastructure investments
will result in more efficient and scalable operational processes and provide enhanced analytics to drive business performance. 

Total
discretionary marketing expenses increased by 211,000, or 25.6 to 1,035,000 in fiscal 2023, compared to 824,000 in fiscal
2022. The increase in the current year was primarily due to discretionary investment in market research, physician marketing,
and peer to peer education engagement strategies. 

Travel,
meals and entertainment expenses increased 422,000, or 16.4 , to 2,990,000 for fiscal 2023 compared to 2,568,000 in fiscal
2022. The increase in the current year period was primarily due to an increase in headcount and our annual sales meeting expenses. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

R D
expenses decreased by 440,000, or 32.4 , to 916,000 in fiscal 2023 compared to 1,356,000 in fiscal 2022. The decrease in the
current year was primarily due to reduced professional consulting costs associated with our next generation platform development
activities. R D expenses were 1.9 of revenue in fiscal 2023 compared to 3.3 of revenue in fiscal 2022. We expect R D
spending to be between 1.0 and 2.0 of revenue during fiscal 2024. 

Interest
Income, net 

Net
interest income was approximately 78,000 in fiscal 2023 compared to net interest income of 25,000 in fiscal 2022. The increase
in the current year was primarily due to higher interest rates earned on our cash deposits despite lower overall cash balances
in the current year. 

Income
Tax Expense 

Income
tax expense in fiscal 2023 was 920,000, which includes a current tax expense of 963,000 and a deferred benefit of 43,000. Estimated
income tax expense includes a current federal and state tax benefit of approximately 250,000 related to the excess tax benefit
for fully vested stock options and non-qualified stock options that were exercised during the period. 

19 

Income
tax expense in fiscal 2022 was 692,000, which included a current tax expense of 1,181,000 and a deferred benefit of 489,000.
Estimated income tax expense included a current federal and state tax benefit of approximately 12,000 related to excess tax benefit
for fully vested stock options and non-qualified stock options that were exercised during the period. 

The
effective tax rates were 22.5 and 23.1 for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. The effective tax rates differ from the statutory
federal rate because of state income taxes, R D tax credits, and other permanent items that are non-deductible for tax purposes
relative to the amount of taxable income. 

Net
Income 

Net
income for fiscal 2023 was 3,166,000, compared to net income of 2,305,000 in fiscal 2022. The increase in current year net income
was primarily due to stronger home care and distributor revenue growth. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Cash
Flows and Sources of Liquidity 

Cash
Flows from Operating Activities 

Net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2023 was 1,315,000. Cash flows from operating activities consisted of net income of 3,166,000, non-cash expenses of approximately 1,278,000, a decrease in prepaid expenses of 202,000 an increase in tax payable of approximately 285,000 and a 696,000 increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, and accrued compensation. These cash flows from operating activities were offset by a 3,078,000 increase in accounts receivable, an increase in inventory of 1,033,000, and a 201,000 increase in contract assets. The increase in accounts receivable was primarily due to an increase in the Medicare portion of our home care business, which has a 13-month payment cycle. The increase in inventory was primarily due to an increase in raw materials associated with the launch of Clearway. Our cash receipt collection remains strong, with the three months ended June 30, 2023, period having the highest cash receipt collections in our company's history, building upon the prior record that was set in the previous quarter. 

Cash
Flows from Investing Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities in fiscal 2023 was approximately 1,716,000. Cash used in investing activities consisted of
approximately 1,648,000 in expenditures for property and equipment, approximately 1,083,000 for software and 565,000 for equipment,
and 68,000 in payments for patent and trademark costs. 

Cash
Flows from Financing Activities 

Net
cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2023 was approximately 380,000, consisting of 153,000 used for our share repurchase
program and 310,000 for taxes paid on net share settlements of stock option exercises offset by 83,000 of cash provided by the
issuance of common stock upon exercise of options. 

Adequacy
of Capital Resources 

Our
primary working capital requirements relate to adding employees to our sales force and support functions, continuing infrastructure
investments, and supporting general corporate needs, including financing equipment purchases and other capital expenditures incurred
in the ordinary course of business. Based on our current operational performance, we believe our working capital of approximately
 29,734,000 and available borrowings under our existing credit facility will provide adequate liquidity for fiscal 2024. 

Effective
December 17, 2021, we renewed our credit facility, which provides us with a revolving line of credit. Interest on borrowings on
the line of credit accrues at the prime rate (8.25 as of June 30, 2023) less 1.0 and is payable monthly. There was no outstanding
principal balance on the line of credit as of June 30, 2023 or June 30, 2022. The amount eligible for borrowing on the line of
credit is limited to the lesser of 2,500,000 or 57.0 of eligible accounts receivable, and the line of credit expires on December
18, 2023, if not renewed. As of June 30, 2023, the maximum 2,500,000 was available under the line of credit. Payment obligations
under the line of credit are secured by a security interest in substantially all of our tangible and intangible assets. 

20 

The
documents governing our line of credit contain certain financial and nonfinancial covenants that include a minimum tangible net
worth of not less than 10,125,000 and restrictions on our ability to incur certain additional indebtedness or pay dividends. 

Any
failure to comply with these covenants in the future may result in an event of default, which if not cured or waived, could result
in the lender accelerating the maturity of our indebtedness, preventing access to additional funds under the line of credit, requiring
prepayment of outstanding indebtedness, or refusing to renew the line of credit. If the maturity of the indebtedness is accelerated
or the line of credit is not renewed, sufficient cash resources to satisfy the debt obligations may not be available and we may
not be able to continue operations as planned. If we are unable to repay such indebtedness, the lender could foreclose on these
assets. 

During
fiscal 2023 and 2022, we spent approximately 1,648,000 and 1,425,000, respectively, on property and equipment. We currently
expect to finance planned equipment purchases with cash flows from operations or borrowings under our credit facility. We may
need to incur additional debt if we have an unforeseen need for additional capital equipment or if our operating performance does
not generate adequate cash flows. 

While
the impact of macroeconomic conditions and other factors such as inflation are difficult to predict, we believe our cash, cash
equivalents and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditure, operational cash
requirements for fiscal 2024. 

Accounting
Standards Recently Issued But Not Yet Adopted by the Company 

See
Note 1 of the Notes to our Financial Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for information on new accounting standards
adopted in fiscal 2023 or pending adoption. 

Item
 7A. Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this item. 

21 

Item
 8. Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Index
to Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets 
 F-4 

Statements of Operations 
 F-5 

Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 F-6 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-7 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Shareholders
and Board of Directors 

 Electromed,
Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Electromed, Inc. (the Company) as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the related statements of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes to the financial statements. In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Measurement
of Customer Revenue Net of Adjustments 

As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, revenues are recognized at a point in time when control passes to the customer upon product shipment or delivery. Net patient revenues (patient revenue less estimated adjustments) are recognized at the estimated net realizable amounts from third-party payers and customers in exchange for the product. The Company has agreements with third-party payers that provide for payments at amounts different from its established rates. Each quarter, the Company estimates its adjustments for each sale based on the terms of third-party payer contracts and historical collections experience, then applies an estimate for an adjustment reserve percentage to the gross accounts receivable balances. 

We identified the measurement of the adjustment reserve related to customer revenue as a critical audit matter due to the audit effort, degree of auditor judgment, and subjectivity involved in evaluating the audit evidence related to management s estimate. 

F- 2 

Our audit procedures related to the Company s measurement of the adjustment reserve included the following, among others. 

Selected a sample of product sales to inspect and compare to the underlying source documents and final cash collections to test the reasonableness of the contractual adjustment and collection percentage assumptions used in management s estimate. 

Evaluated
 the reasonableness of management s estimate of contractual and collection reserves
 by: 

o Comparing
 the estimates of realization percentages to historical net collection percentages for
 portfolio groups. 

o Recalculating
 the contractual and collection reserve estimates and compared them to the general ledger. 

o Evaluating whether quarterly historical realization percentages were reasonable and qualitatively consistent with internal and external independent data 

/s/
RSM US LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 

Rochester,
Minnesota 

 August 22,
2023 

F- 3 

Electromed,
Inc. 

 Balance
Sheets 
 June 30, 2023 and 2022 

June
 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable (net of allowances for doubtful accounts of 

Contract assets 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Finite-life intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Deferred income taxes 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued compensation 

Income tax payable 

Warranty reserve 

Other accrued liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 11) 

Shareholders Equity 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and issued and outstanding, as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

See
Notes to Financial Statements. 

F- 4 

Electromed,
Inc. 

 Statements
of Operations 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Years
 Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Net revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Operating income 

Interest income, net 

Net income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Income per share: 

Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted 

See
Notes to Financial Statements. 

F- 5 

Electromed,
Inc. 
 Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Retained 

Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Equity 
 
 Balance
 as of June 30, 2021 

Net
 income 

Issuance
 of restricted stock 

Issuance
 of common stock upon exercise of options 

Taxes
 paid on stock option exercised on a net basis 

Share-based
 compensation expense 

Repurchase
 of common stock 

Balance
 as of June 30, 2022 

Net
 income 

Issuance
 of restricted stock, net 

Issuance
 of common stock upon exercise of options 

Taxes
 paid on stock option exercised on a net basis 

Share-based
 compensation expense 

Repurchase
 of common stock 

Balance
 as of June 30, 2023 

See
Notes to Financial Statements. 

F- 6 

Electromed, Inc. 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Years
 Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Amortization of finite-life intangible assets 

Share-based compensation expense 

Deferred income taxes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Contract assets 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Income tax payable 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Accrued compensation 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Expenditures for property and equipment 

Expenditures for finite-life intangible assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Issuance of common stock upon exercise of options 

Taxes paid on stock options exercised on a net basis 

Repurchase of common stock 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net decrease in cash 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Beginning of period 

End of period 

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental Disclosures of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities 

Property and equipment acquisitions in accounts payable 

Intangible asset acquisitions in accounts payable 

Lease assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 

Demonstration equipment returned to inventory 

See
Notes to Financial Statements. 

F- 7 

Electromed,
Inc. 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

 and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 fiscal 2023 and June 30, 2022 fiscal 2022 ),
respectively. Since its inception, the Company has operated in a single industry segment: developing, manufacturing, and marketing
medical equipment. 

Impacts
of COVID-19 on the Company s business 

The
Company did not receive any direct financial assistance from any government program during fiscal 2022 or fiscal 2023 in connection
with COVID-19 relief measures. 

In
response to the COVID-19 pandemic and the U.S. federal government s declaration of a public health emergency, the Centers
for Medicare and Medicaid Services CMS implemented a number of temporary rule changes and waivers to allow prescribers
to best treat patients during the period of the public health emergency. These waivers were made retroactively effective to March
1, 2020 and were in place for the duration of fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2022 and through May 11, 2023. Clinical indications and documentation
typically required were not enforced for respiratory related products including the Company s SmartVest Airway Clearance
System SmartVest System (solely with respect to direct Medicare covered patients) applicable for the Company s
home care prescriptions. 

The
potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and its effects on our operational and financial performance will depend in large part
on future developments, which cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 

A
summary of the Company s significant accounting policies follows: 

and for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

as of June 30,
2023 and 2022. 

Accrual for products sold 

Expenditures and costs incurred for warranty claims 

Ending warranty reserve 

and , respectively. 

and shares for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. Common stock equivalents excluded from the calculation
of diluted earnings per share because their impact was anti-dilutive were and shares for fiscal 2023 and 2022,
respectively. 

Institutional 

Home care distributor 

International 

Total 

In
the following table, home care revenue is disaggregated by payer type: 

Years
 Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Commercial 

Medicare 

Medicare Supplemental 

Medicaid 

Other 

Total 

Revenues
in the Company s home care, home care distributor and international markets are recognized at a point in time when control
passes to the customer upon product shipment or delivery. Revenues in the Company s institutional market include sales recognized
at a point in time upon shipment or delivery. 

Performance
obligations and transaction price. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service
to the customer and is the unit of account under ASC 606, Revenue From Contracts With Customers ASC 606 ).
A contract s transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation in proportion to the standalone selling
price for each and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied. The Company s performance
obligations and the timing or method of revenue recognition in each of the Company s markets are discussed below: 

Home
care market . In the Company s home care market, its customers are patients who use the SmartVest System. The various
models of the SmartVest System are comprised of three main components - a generator, a vest and a connecting hose - that are sold
together as an integrated unit. Accordingly, in contracts within the home care market, the Company regards the SmartVest System
to be a single performance obligation. 

The
Company makes available to its home care patients limited post-sale services that are not material in the context of the contracts,
either individually or taken together, and therefore does not consider them to be performance obligations. The costs associated
with the services are accrued and expensed when the related revenues are recognized. As such, transactions in the home care market
consist of a single performance obligation: the SmartVest System. 

Home
care patients generally will rely on third-party payers, including commercial payers and governmental payers such as Medicare,
Medicaid and the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs to cover and reimburse all or part of the cost of the SmartVest System. The
third-party payers reimbursement programs fall into three types, distinguished by the differences in the timing of payments
from the payer, consisting of either (i) outright sale, in which payment is received from the payer based on standard terms, (ii)
capped installment sale, under which the SmartVest System is sold for a series of payments that are capped not to exceed a prescribed
or negotiated amount over a period of time or (iii) installment sale, under which the SmartVest System is paid for over a period
of several months as long as the patient continues to use the SmartVest System. 

Regardless
of the type of transaction, provided criteria for an enforceable contract are met, it is the Company s long-standing business
practice to regard all home care agreements as transferring control to the patient upon shipment or delivery, in spite of possible
payment cancellation under government or commercial programs where the payer is controlling the payment over specified time periods.
For home care sales that feature installment payments, the ultimate amount of consideration received from Medicare, Medicaid or
commercial payers can be significantly less than expected if the contract is terminated due to changes in the patient s
status, including insurance coverage, hospitalization, death or otherwise becoming unable to use the SmartVest System. However,
once delivered to a patient who needs the SmartVest System, the patient is under no obligation to return the SmartVest System
should payments be terminated as a result of the described contingencies. As a result, the Company s product sales qualify
for point in time revenue recognition. Control transfers to the patient, and revenue is recognized, upon shipment or delivery
of the SmartVest System. At this point, physical possession and the significant risks and rewards of ownership are transferred
to the patient and either a current or future right to payment is triggered, as further discussed under Accounts receivable
 and Contract assets below. 

The
Company s contractually stated transaction prices in the home care market are generally set by the terms of the contracts
negotiated with insurance companies or by government programs. The transaction price for the Company s products may be further
impacted by variable consideration. ASC 606 requires the Company to adjust the transaction price at contract inception and throughout
the contract duration for the estimated value of payments to be received from insurance payers based on historical experience
and other available information, subject to the constraint on estimates of variable consideration. Transactions requiring estimates
of variable consideration primarily include (i) capped installment payments, which are subject to the third-party payer s
termination due to changes in insurance coverage, death or the patient s discontinued use of the SmartVest System, (ii)
contracts under appeal and (iii) patient responsibility amounts for deductibles, coinsurance, copays and other similar payments. 

Although
estimates may be made on a contract-by-contract basis, whenever possible, the Company uses all available information including
historical collection patterns to estimate variable consideration for portfolios of contracts. The Company s estimates of
variable consideration consist of amounts it may receive from insurance providers in excess of its initial revenue estimate due
to patients meeting deductibles or coinsurance during the payment duration, changes to a patient s insurance status, changes
in an insurance allowable, claims in appeals with Medicare and amounts received directly from patients for their allowable or
coinsurance. The Company believes it has representative historical information to estimate the amount of variable consideration
in relevant portfolios considering the significant experience it has with each portfolio and the similarity of patient accounts
within a portfolio. The analysis includes steps to ensure that revenue recognized on a portfolio basis does not result in a material
difference when compared with an individual contract approach. The Company also leverages its historical experience and all available
relevant information for each portfolio of contracts to minimize the risk its estimates used to arrive at the transaction price
will result in a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized when the uncertainty associated with the
variable consideration is subsequently resolved. Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in the Company s
judgment, it is probable that a significant future reversal of cumulative revenue under the contract will not occur. 

For
contracts in which the Company believes the criteria for reimbursement under government or commercial payer contracts have been
met but for which coverage is unconfirmed or payments are under appeal, the Company has significant observable evidence of relatively
consistent claims recovery experience over the prior three to five years. The Company believes the low volatility in historical
claims approval rates for populations of patients whose demographics are similar to those of current patients provides reliable
predictive value in arriving at estimates of variable consideration in such contracts. Similarly, historical payment trends for
recovery of claims subject to payer installments and payments from patients have remained relatively consistent over the past
five years. No significant changes in patient demographics or other relevant factors have occurred that would limit the predictive
value of such payment trends in estimating variable consideration for current contracts. As a result, the Company believes its
estimates of variable consideration are generally not subject to the risk of significant revenue reversal. 

For
each type of variable consideration discussed above, there are a large number of contracts with similar characteristics with a
wide range of possible transaction prices. For that reason, the Company uses the probability-weighted expected value method provided
under ASC 606 to estimate variable consideration. 

The
Company often receives payment from third-party payers for the SmartVest System sales over a period of time that may exceed one
year. Despite these extended payment terms, no significant financing component is deemed to exist because the purpose of such
terms is not to provide financing to the patient, the payer or the Company. Rather, the extended payment terms are mandated by
the government or commercial insurance programs, the fundamental purpose of which is to avoid paying the full purchase price of
equipment that may potentially be used by the patient for only a short period of time. 

Home
care distributors. Sales to distributors, who sell direct to patients, are made at fixed contract prices and may include
tiered pricing structures or volume-based rebates which offer more favorable pricing once certain volumes are achieved per the
negotiated contract. The distributor s purchases accumulate to give the distributor a right to a higher discount on purchases
in excess of the specified level within the contract period. As a result, to the extent the Company expects the distributor to
exceed the specified volume of purchases in the annual period, it recognizes revenue at a blended rate based on estimated total
annual volume and sales revenue. This effectively defers a portion of the transaction price on initial purchases below the specified
volumes for recognition when the higher discount is earned on purchases in excess of specified volumes. Transfer of control of
the products occurs upon shipment or delivery to the distributor as applicable. 

Institutional
market. The Company s institutional sales are made to hospitals and home health care centers, pulmonary rehabilitation
centers and other clinics. Sales to these institutions are negotiated with the individual institution or with group purchasing
organizations, with payments received directly from the institution. No insurance reimbursement is involved. Generators are either
sold or leased to the institutions and associated hoses and wraps (used in institutional settings rather than vests) are sold
separately. Accordingly, each product is distinct and considered a separate performance obligation in sales to institutional customers.
The agreements with institutions fall into two main types, distinguished by differences in the timing of transfer of control and
timing of payments: 

Outright
 sale Under these transactions, the Company sells its products for a prescribed
 or negotiated price. Transfer of control of the product, and associated revenue recognition,
 occurs at the time of shipment and payment is made within normal credit terms, usually
 within 30 days. 

Wrap
 usage agreements Under these transactions, the Company provides a generator device
 at no cost to the hospital in return for a fixed annual commitment to purchase consumable
 wraps. These agreements are cancellable upon at least sixty days prior written notice
 by either party. If cancelled, the generator is returned to the Company, where it can
 be refurbished and used again at a later date. Revenue for the consumable wraps is recognized
 when control transfers to the customer. 

International
market. Sales to international markets are made directly to a number of independent distributors at fixed contract prices
that are not subject to further adjustments for variable consideration. Transfer of control of the products occurs upon shipment
or delivery to the distributor as applicable. 

Product
warranty. The Company offers warranties on its products. These warranties are assurance type warranties not sold on a standalone
basis or are otherwise considered immaterial in the context of the contract, and therefore are not considered distinct performance
obligations under ASC 606. The Company estimates the costs that may be incurred under its warranties and records a liability in
the amount of such costs at the time the product is sold. 

Accounts
receivable. The Company s accounts receivable balance is comprised of amounts due from individuals, institutions
and distributors. Balances due from individuals are typically remitted to the Company by third-party reimbursement agencies such
as Medicare, Medicaid and private insurance companies. Accounts receivable are carried at amounts estimated to be received from
patients under reimbursement arrangements with third-party payers. Accounts receivable are also net of an allowance for doubtful
accounts. Management determines the allowance for doubtful accounts by regularly evaluating individual customer receivables and
considering a customer s financial condition and credit history. Receivables are written off when deemed uncollectible. 

Contract
assets. Contract assets include amounts recognized as revenue that are estimates of variable consideration for Medicare appeals
where the final determination of the insurance coverage amount is dependent on future approval of an appeal, or when the consideration
due to the Company is dependent on a future event such as the patient meeting a deductible prior to the Company s claim
being processed by the payer. Contract assets are classified as current as amounts is expected to turn into accounts receivable
and be collected during the Company s normal business operating cycle. Contract assets are reclassified to accounts receivable
when the right to receive payment is unconditional. 

Contract Assets 

Significant
changes in contract assets during the period are as follows: 

Year
 Ended June
 30, 2023 
 Year
 Ended June
 30, 2022 

Increase
 (decrease) 
 Increase
 (decrease) 
 
 Contract assets, beginning 

Reclassification of contract assets to accounts receivable 

Contract assets recognized 

Increase (decrease) as a result of changes in the estimate of amounts to be realized from payers, excluding amounts transferred to receivables during the period 

Contract assets, ending 
 488,000 

Work in process 

Finished goods 

Estimated inventory to be returned 

Less: Reserve for obsolescence 

Total 

Land 
 N/A 

Land improvements 
 15 - 20 

Equipment 
 3 - 10 

Software 
 3 - 7 

Demonstration and rental
 equipment 
 3 

Construction
 in progress 
 N/A 

Less:
 Accumulated depreciation 

Net
 property and equipment 

and as of June 30, 2023
and 2022, respectively. 

Additions 

Amortization expense 

Balance, ending 

2025

2026

2027

2028

Thereafter 

Total

revolving line of credit. There was no outstanding principal balance on the line of credit
as of June 30, 2023 or June 30, 2022. Interest on borrowings under the line of credit, if any, accrues at the prime rate 
as of June 30, 2023) less and is payable monthly. The amount eligible for borrowing on the line of credit is limited to the
lesser of or of eligible accounts receivable and the line of credit expires on December 18, 2023 , if not renewed
before such date. As of June 30, 2023, the maximum was eligible for borrowing. Payment obligations under the line of
credit, if any, are secured by a security interest in substantially all of the tangible and intangible assets of the Company. 

The
documents governing the line of credit contain certain financial and nonfinancial covenants that include a minimum tangible net
worth covenant of not less than and restrictions on the Company s ability to incur certain additional indebtedness
or pay dividends. 

authorized shares of capital
stock consisting of shares of common stock, par value per share, and shares of undesignated stock. 

On
May 26, 2021 the Company s Board of Directors (the Board approved a stock repurchase authorization. Under
the authorization, the Company was originally able to repurchase up to 3.0 million of shares of common stock through May 26,
2022. On May 26, 2022, our Board of Directors removed the date limitation. As of June 30, 2023, a total of shares have
been repurchased and retired under this authorization for a total cost of 2,725,000 , or per share. Repurchased shares
have been retired and constitute authorized but unissued shares. 

and , respectively, related to employee stock options and restricted
stock awards. This expense is included in selling, general and administrative expense in the Statements of Operations. As of June
30, 2023, the Company had of unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested equity awards, which is expected
to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.5 to 1.84 years related to restricted stock awards and employee stock options,
respectively. 

Employee
options: The Company has historically granted stock options to employees as long-term incentive compensation. Options expire
ten years from the grant date and vest over a period of three years. In November 2017, the Company s shareholders approved
the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan which superseded the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2014
Plan ). The 2017 Plan allows the Board to grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock
units and other stock-based awards, as well as cash incentive awards to all employees, non-employee directors, and advisors or
consultants of the Company. The vesting schedule and term for each award are determined by the Board upon each grant. Upon vesting,
and the Company s determination that any necessary conditions precedent to the exercise of shares (such as satisfaction
of tax withholding and compliance with applicable legal requirements) have been satisfied, shares purchased are delivered to the
participant in a manner prescribed or permitted by the Board. The maximum number of shares of common stock available for issuance
under the 2017 Plan is . There were options granted under the 2014 Plan and prior plans outstanding as of June
30, 2023. There were options issued under the 2017 Plan outstanding and shares available for grant under the 2017
Plan as of June 30, 2023. 

The
Company recognizes compensation expense related to share-based payment transactions in the financial statements based on the estimated
fair value of the award issued. The fair value of each option is estimated using the Black-Scholes pricing model at the time of
award grant. The Company estimates the expected life of options based on the expected holding period by the option holder. The
risk-free interest rate is based upon observed U.S. Treasury interest rates for the expected term of the options. The Company
makes assumptions with respect to expected stock price volatility based upon the historical volatility of its stock price. Forfeitures
are accounted for as they occur. 

- 
 - 
 
 Expected term (years) 
 6 
 6 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 
 - 

5.82 
 
 Granted 

Exercised 

Canceled or forfeited 

Options outstanding as of June 30, 2022 

5.35 
 
 Options exercisable as of June 30, 2022 

4.76 

Granted 

Exercised 

Canceled or forfeited 

Options outstanding as of June 30, 2023 

5.53 
 
 Options exercisable as of June 30, 2023 

4.90 

The
intrinsic value of a stock option is the amount by which the fair value of the underlying stock exceeds its exercise price. At
June 30, 2023, the weighted average remaining contractual term for all outstanding stock options was 5.5 years and their aggregate
intrinsic value was . Outstanding at June 30, 2023 were stock options issued to employees, of which 
were vested and exercisable and had an aggregate intrinsic value of . 

Restricted
stock: The 2017 Plan permits the Personnel and Compensation Committee of the Board to grant other stock-based awards, including
shares of restricted stock. The Company makes restricted stock grants to key employees and non-employee directors that vest over
six months to three years following the applicable grant date. 

The
Company issued restricted stock awards to employees totaling and during fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively, with
a vesting term of one to three years and a fair value of and per share, respectively. The Company issued restricted
stock awards to directors totaling and during fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively, with a vesting term of six months
and a fair value of and per share for fiscal 2023 and 2022, respectively. Restricted stock transactions during the
years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 are summarized as follows: 

Granted 

Vested 

Outstanding as of June 30, 2022 

Granted 

Vested 

Canceled or forfeited 

Outstanding as of June 30, 2023 

Current State 

Total Current 

Deferred: 

Deferred Federal 

Deferred State 

Total Deferred 

Total Income Tax Expense 

State income tax expense, net of federal tax effect 

Share based compensation 
 (212,000 
 (10,000 
 
 Change in valuation allowance on deferred tax assets 

Other permanent items 

Income tax expense 

The
effective tax rates for fiscal 2023 and 2022 were and , respectively. 

Accrued liabilities 

Finite-life intangible assets 

Stock options 

Tax credits 

Other 

Subtotal 

Less: Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Finite-life intangible assets 

Property and equipment 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

The
Company has research and development state tax credit carryforwards of and as of June 30, 2023 and June 30,
2022, respectively. Based on the historical use of the credits, management believes it is more likely than not these credits will
begin to expire between fiscal years 2025 and 2038. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the Company had a valuation allowance
of and , respectively, related to its research and development state tax carryforwards. 

The
Company applies the accounting standard for uncertain tax positions pursuant to which a more-likely-than-not threshold is utilized
to determine the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions. Once the more-likely-than-not threshold is met, the
amount of benefit to be recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being ultimately
realized upon settlement. It further requires that a change in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain
tax positions be recognized in earnings in the period of such a change. The Company does not believe that it has any material
uncertain tax positions as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. 

The
Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax of multiple state jurisdictions. With limited exceptions,
the Company is no longer subject to federal and state income tax examinations by tax authorities for fiscal year ended prior to
June 30, 2020. The Internal Revenue Service has completed its examination of the Company s U.S. federal income tax return
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2020 without proposing any adjustments. The Company is not under any current income tax examinations
by any other state or local taxing authority. If any issues addressed in the Company s tax audits are resolved in a manner
not consistent with management s expectations, the Company could be required to adjust its provision for income taxes in
the period such resolution occurs. 

F- 19 

to per month which expire through December 2025 and are recognized on a straight-line basis over the
life of the lease. All leases are classified as operating leases which do not include renewal options. The Company currently does
not have any variable lease costs. The Company elected the practical expedient
to calculate the present value of the fixed payments without having to perform an allocation to lease and non-lease components.

The
Company has recognized right of use assets associated with its operating leases of 161,000 and 120,000 as of June 30, 2023 and
June 30, 2022, respectively, which is included in other assets on the Company s balance sheet. Operating lease liabilities were
 
 and 
 as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, which are included in other accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities
on the Company s balance sheet. 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company has a weighted-average lease term of 1.5 years for its operating leases, which have a weighted-average
discount rate of .Operating lease payments of 
are included in operating cash flows in fiscal 2023. 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

401(k)
Profit Sharing Plan: The Company has an employee benefit plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code covering all
employees who are 21 years of age or older. The Company matches each employee s salary reduction contribution, not to exceed
four percent of annual compensation. Total employer contributions to this plan for fiscal 2023 and 2022 were and ,
respectively. 

Employment
Agreements: The Company has entered into formal employment agreements with its President and Chief Executive Officer and its
Chief Financial Officer, as may be amended from time to time. These agreements provide these officers with, among other things,
twelve and eighteen months, respectively, of base salary upon a termination without Cause or in the event the employee
resigns for Good Reason or within twelve months of a Change in Control, as such terms are defined
in the respective employment agreements. 

and during fiscal year 2023 and 2022, respectively. Amounts due to the supplier
were and on June 30, 2023 and June 30 2022 respectively, which were included in accounts payable on the Balance
Sheets. 

F- 21 

Item
 9. Changes
 in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
 9A. Controls
 and Procedures. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures,
as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period subject to this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is
defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process
designed by, or under the supervision of, our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, and effected
by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1)
Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
of our assets; 

(2)
Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization
of our management and directors; and 

(3)
Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of preventing and detecting
misstatements on a timely basis. It is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, the risk
that misstatements are not prevented or detected on a timely basis. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. 

Our
management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework
set forth in the report entitled Internal Control-Integrated Framework published by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of June 30, 2023, our internal
control over financial reporting was effective. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding
internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent
registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that exempt smaller reporting companies from the auditor attestation
requirement. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023 that have
materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

22 

Item
 9C. Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

Certain
information required by Part III is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy Statement for the Fiscal 2024 Annual Meeting
of Shareholders (the Proxy Statement ). Except for those portions specifically incorporated in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K by reference to the Proxy Statement, no other portions of the Proxy Statement are deemed to be filed as part of this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item
 10. Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Information
about our Executive Officers 

The
following sets forth certain information about our current executive officers: 

James
L. Cunniff , age 58, joined Electromed in July 2023 as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to
joining Electromed, Mr. Cunniff most recently served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Provista Inc., from 2017 to May
2022. Previously, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer at Denver Solutions, LLC (d/b/a Leiters Health) from 2015
to 2017 and as Senior Vice President, Americas, at Acelity L.P. Inc., from 2012 to 2014. Mr. Cunniff holds a bachelor's degree
in Advertising and Business from the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign and has completed the Advanced Management Program
at Harvard Business School. 

Bradley
M. Nagel , age 41, joined Electromed in November 2022 as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary.
Prior to joining Electromed, Mr. Nagel most recently served as Divisional Chief Financial Officer of Global Lung Health and Visualization
at Medtronic plc from June 2018 to November, 2022. Previously, he served at Medtronic as Sr. Manager, Accounting and Sales Operations
from 2016 to June 2018 and Accounting Manager from 2015 to 2016. Before joining Medtronic, Mr. Nagel held various roles of increasing
responsibility in sales, operations and accounting at Target Corporation and TCF Financial Corporation. Mr. Nagel holds a bachelor's
degree in Business Finance from Calvin University. 

Code
of Ethics 

Our
Board annually reviews and approves revisions to our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct (the Code of Ethics that
applies to all employees, directors, and officers, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer (Principal
Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer). The Code of Ethics was updated in May 2020 and is available in the Investor
Relations section of our website at www.smartvest.com. We intend to disclose on our website any amendment to or waiver
from any provision of the Code of Ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer or our Chief Financial Officer (Principal
Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer), and that relates to any element of the Code of Ethics identified in Item
406(b) of Regulation S-K, as promulgated by the SEC. Such disclosure will be provided promptly following the date of the amendment
or waiver. 

The
additional information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections labeled Election of Directors, 
 Corporate Governance, and Security Ownership Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and,
if any, under Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the Proxy Statement. 

Item
 11. Executive
 Compensation. 

The
information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections labeled Executive Compensation, 
 Director Compensation, and Corporate Governance Personnel and Compensation Committee in the
Proxy Statement. 

23 

Item
 12. Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
information required by this item relating to the security ownership of certain holders is incorporated herein by reference to
the sections labeled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation
Plan Information in the Proxy Statement. 

Item
 13. Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The
information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the sections labeled Corporate Governance Independence 
and Related Person Transaction Approval Policy in the Proxy Statement. 

Item
 14. Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm is LLP, , Auditor firm ID: . 

The
information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the section labeled Ratification of the Appointment
of the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Audit Fees in the Proxy Statement. 

PART
IV 

Item
 15. Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) Documents
 filed as part of this report. 

(1) Financial
 Statements. The following financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8 of this
 Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Balance
 Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Statements
 of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Statements
 of Shareholders Equity for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Statements
 of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Notes
 to Financial Statements 

(2) Financial
 Statement Schedules. No financial statement schedule is required to be included in this
 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Method of Filing 
 
 3.1 
 
 Composite Articles of Incorporation, as amended through November 8, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2015) 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, effective September 29, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 29, 2020) 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2019) 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 

24 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Method of Filing 
 
 10.1 
 
 Electromed,
 Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 15,
 2011) 
 
 Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form
 of Stock Option Award Agreement under the Electromed, Inc. 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4
 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2011) 
 
 Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 10.3 
 
 Electromed,
 Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 25,
 2014) 
 
 Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form
 of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the Electromed, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2
 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 25, 2014) 
 
 Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form
 of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Electromed, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.3 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 25, 2014) 
 
 Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 10.6 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Agreement under the Electromed, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4
 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 25, 2014) 
 
 Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 10.7 
 
 Electromed,
 Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed December
 4, 2017) 
 
 Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 10.8 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Award Agreement under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Annual
 Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018) 
 
 Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form
 of Non-Qualified Option Agreement under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019) 
 
 Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 10.10 
 
 Form
 of Restricted Stock Agreement (Non-Employee Directors) under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10.13 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2018) 
 
 Incorporated
 by Reference 
 
 10.11 
 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Agreement (Inducement Grant) 
 
 Filed
 Electronically 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Inducement Grant) 
 
 Filed
 Electronically 
 
 10.13 
 
 Non-Competition,
 Non-Solicitation and Confidentiality Agreement with Kathleen S. Skarvan dated effective December 1, 2012 (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 3, 2012) 
 
 Incorporated
 by Reference 

10.14 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Employment Agreement with Kathleen S. Skarvan dated as of December 2, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1
 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 6, 2019) 
 
 Incorporated
 by Reference 

10.15 
 
 Employment
 Agreement with Bradley M. Nagel, dated October 19, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form
 8-K filed October 24, 2022) 
 
 Incorporated
 by Reference 

25 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Method of Filing 
 
 10.16 
 
 Letter Agreement with Kathleen S. Skarvan, dated February 14, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 14, 2023) 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 

10.17 
 
 Employment Agreement with James Cunniff, dated May 22, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 5, 2023) 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 

10.18 
 
 Letter Agreement with James Cunniff, dated May 22, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 5, 2023) 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 

10.19 
 
 Letter Agreement with Christopher G. Holland, dated June 9, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 15, 2023) 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 

10.20 
 
 Business Loan Agreement with Choice Financial Group, dated December 18, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 17, 2019) 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 
 10.21 
 
 Rider to Business Loan Agreement (Asset Based) with Choice Financial Group, dated December 18, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 17, 2019) 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 
 10.22 
 
 Rider to Business Loan Agreement (Asset Based) with Choice Financial Group, dated December 16, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 17, 2020) 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 
 10.23 
 
 Rider to Business Loan Agreement (Asset Based) with Choice Financial Group, Dated December 17, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 1 to Current Report on 8-K filed December 17, 2021) 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 
 10.24 
 
 Cooperation Agreement, dated July 25, 2022, by and among Electromed, Inc. and Summers Value Partners LLC and certain of its affiliates signatory thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 25, 2022) 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 
 10.25 
 
 Description of Fiscal Year 2023 Officer Bonus Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022) 
 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 
 10.26 
 
 Description of Fiscal Year 2024 Officer Bonus Plan 
 
 Filed Electronically 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Filed Electronically 
 
 24.1 
 
 Powers of Attorney 
 
 Filed Electronically 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed Electronically 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed Electronically 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Furnished Electronically 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Furnished Electronically 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 Filed Electronically 

26 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Method of Filing 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 Filed Electronically 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 Filed Electronically 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 
 Filed Electronically 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 Filed Electronically 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 Filed Electronically 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL Document) 
 
 Filed electronically 

Management compensatory contract or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

27 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

ELECTROMED, INC. 

Date: August 22, 2023 
 By 
 /s/ James L. Cunniff 

James L. Cunniff 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ James L. Cunniff 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 August 22, 2023 

James L. Cunniff 
 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/ Bradley M. Nagel 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 August 22, 2023 

Bradley M. Nagel 
 
 (principal financial and accounting officer) 

Director 
 
 August 22, 2023 

Stan K. Erickson 

Director 
 
 August 22, 2023 

Gregory J. Fluet 

Director 
 
 August 22, 2023 

Joseph L. Galatowitsch 

Director 
 
 August 22, 2023 

Lee A. Jones 

Director 
 
 August 22, 2023 

Kathleen S. Skarvan 

Director 
 
 August 22, 2023 

Andrew J. Summers 

Director 
 
 August 22, 2023 

Kathleen A. Tune 

Director 
 
 August 22, 2023 

Andrew M. Walsh 

The undersigned, by signing his name hereto, does hereby sign this document on behalf of each of the above-named directors
of the registrant pursuant to powers of attorney duly executed by such persons. 

By 
 /s/ James L. Cunniff 

James L. Cunniff 

Attorney-in-Fact 

28 

<EX-10.11>
 2
 elmd230887_ex10-11.htm
 PERFORMANCE STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

Exhibit
10.11 

ELECTROMED,
INC. 

 Performance
Stock Unit Agreement 

 (Inducement
Grant) 

Electromed,
Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), hereby grants an award of Performance Stock Units Units to you, the Participant named below. The terms and conditions of this Award are set forth in this Performance Stock Unit Agreement
(the Agreement ), consisting of this cover page, the Terms and Conditions on the following pages and the attached
 Exhibit A . Any capitalized term that is used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to it in
the Company s 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ), as amended from time to time. 

Name
 of Participant: 
 [_______] 
 
 Number
 of Units: 
 [_______] 
 
 Grant
 Date: 
 [_____
 __], 20[__] 
 
 Performance
 Period: 
 July
 1, 20[__] June 30, 20[__] 
 
 Measurement
 Periods: 
 Each
 fiscal quarter within the Performance Period 
 
 Performance
 Vesting: 
 The
 number of Units determined in accordance with Exhibit A to have achieved the applicable Performance Hurdle as of the
 end of a Measurement Period will vest on the applicable Vesting Date. 
 
 Vesting
 Dates: 
 The
 last day of each fiscal quarter between the Grant Date and the last day of the Performance Period. 
 
 Performance
 Goals: 
 See
 Exhibit A . 
 
 Inducement
 Grant: 
 This
 Award is made and granted to you as an inducement material to you entering into employment with the Company as its [_______]
 in reliance on the employment inducement award exemption under the NYSE American LLC Company Guide Section 711(a). 
 
 See
Section 14 of the Terms and Conditions of the Agreement for additional information. 

Assumes your Service has been continuous from the Grant Date to an applicable Vesting Date. 

By
signing below or otherwise evidencing your acceptance of this Agreement in a manner approved by the Company, you agree to all
of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement and in the Plan document. You acknowledge that you have received and reviewed
these documents and that they set forth the entire agreement between you and the Company regarding this Award of Performance Stock
Units. 

PARTICIPANT: 
 
 ELECTROMED,
 INC. 

By: 

By: 

Name: 

Name: 

Title: 

ELECTROMED,
INC. 

 Performance
Stock Unit Agreement 

 (Inducement
Grant) 

Terms
and Conditions 

1. Award
 of Performance Stock Units . The Company hereby confirms the grant to you, as
 of the Grant Date and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Plan,
 of an award of Performance Stock Units (the Units in an amount equal to
 the Number of Units specified on the cover page of this Agreement. The number of Units
 that vest pursuant to this Award will be determined based on Exhibit A to this
 Agreement. Each Unit that is vested as a result of the performance goals specified in
 Exhibit A to this Agreement having been satisfied and which thereafter vests represents
 the right to receive one Share of the Company s common stock. Prior to their settlement
 or forfeiture in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the Units granted to you
 will be recorded for book-keeping purposes only, with the Units simply representing an
 unfunded and unsecured contingent obligation of the Company. 

2. Restrictions
 Applicable to Units . Neither this Award nor the Units subject to this Award may
 be sold, assigned, transferred, exchanged or encumbered, voluntarily or involuntarily,
 other than a transfer upon your death in accordance with your will or by the laws of
 descent and distribution or pursuant to a beneficiary designation submitted in accordance
 with Section 6(c) of the Plan. Following any such transfer, this Award shall continue
 to be subject to the same terms and conditions that were applicable to the Award immediately
 prior to its transfer. Any attempted transfer in violation of this Section 2 shall
 be void and without effect. The Units and your right to receive Shares in settlement
 of any Units under this Agreement shall be subject to forfeiture except to the extent
 the Units have been vested as provided in Sections 4 and 5. 

3. No
 Shareholder Rights . The Units subject to this Award do not entitle you to any
 rights of a holder of the Company s common stock. You will not have any of the
 rights of a shareholder of the Company in connection with any Units granted or vested
 pursuant to this Agreement unless and until Shares are issued to you in settlement of
 vested Units as provided in Section 5. 

4. Vesting
 and Forfeiture of Units . The Units shall vest at the earliest of the following
 times and to the degree specified. 

(a) Performance
 Vesting . If a Performance Hurdle is achieved, the number of Units associated with
 that goal as determined in accordance with Exhibit A , will vest on the last day
 of that Measurement Period (a Vesting Date), but only if you have continuously provided
 Service from the Grant Date to the Vesting Date. 

(b) Accelerated
 Vesting . 

i. Vesting
 of the Units may be accelerated at the discretion of the Committee in accordance with
 Section 3(b)(2) of the Plan. 

ii. Notwithstanding
 Sections 12(b)(2) and (3) of the Plan, if and to the extent that outstanding Units are
 not continued, assumed or replaced in the event of a Change in Control that involves
 a Corporate Transaction prior to the last day of the Performance Period, then, upon the
 Change in Control, (A) the Performance Period will end, (B) such date will be a Vesting
 Date, (C) the number of Units that are determined to have been achieved based on actual
 performance as determined in Exhibit A over the truncated Performance Period will vest,
 and (D) the number of Units vested under this subsection 

Page 2 

4(b)(ii) will be considered
 fully vested for purposes of Sections 12(b)(2) and (3) of the Plan. 

(c) Forfeiture
 of Unvested Units . To the extent Sections 4(a) or 4(b) are applicable to this Award,
 any Units that do not vest by the last day of the Performance Period shall immediately
 be forfeited without consideration. Except as provided in Section 4(b), if your Service
 to the Company terminates prior to the last day of the Performance Period, all unvested
 Units shall immediately be forfeited. 

5. Settlement
 of Units . As soon as practicable after a Vesting Date (or the date a PSU
 is otherwise vested pursuant to the terms of the Plan (but no later than the 15 th
 day of the third calendar month following the Vesting Date), for each (if any)
 Unit which has vested for that Measurement Period, and after the Company has determined
 that all other conditions to receive shares, including satisfaction of withholding tax
 obligations and compliance with applicable laws as provided in Section 17(c) of the Plan,
 have been satisfied, the Company shall deliver to you one Share in payment and settlement
 of each vested Unit, as evidenced by issuance of a stock certificate or certificates,
 electronic delivery of such Shares to a brokerage account designated by such person,
 or book-entry registration of such Shares with the Company s transfer agent. Delivery
 of the Shares shall be in complete satisfaction and settlement of such vested Units.
 The Company will pay any original issue or transfer taxes with respect to the issue and
 transfer of Shares to you pursuant to this Agreement, and all fees and expenses incurred
 by it in connection therewith. If the Units that vest include a fractional Unit, the
 Company shall round the number of vested Units to the nearest whole Unit prior to issuance
 of Shares as provided herein. 

6. Withholding
 Taxes . No Shares will be delivered to you in settlement of vested Units unless
 you have made arrangements acceptable to the Company for payment of any federal, state,
 local or foreign withholding taxes that may be due as a result of the delivery of the
 Shares. You hereby authorize the Company (or any Affiliate) to withhold from payroll
 or other amounts payable to you any sums required to satisfy such withholding tax obligations,
 and otherwise agree to satisfy such obligations in accordance with the provisions of
 Section 14 of the Plan. You may satisfy such withholding tax obligations by delivering
 Shares you already own or by having the Company retain a portion of the Shares that would
 otherwise be issued to you in settlement of the Units and that have a fair market value
 equal to the amount of such withholding tax obligations by notifying the Company of such
 election prior to a Vesting Date. 

7. Compensation
 Recovery Policy . This Award and any compensation associated therewith shall be
 subject to potential forfeiture or recovery by the Company in accordance with any compensation
 recovery policy adopted by the Board or the Committee, including but not limited to,
 a policy adopted in response to the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act,
 the Securities and Exchange Commission s final rules thereunder, any listing rules
 of any national securities exchange on which the Company s Shares are then listed,
 other rules and regulations implementing the foregoing, or as otherwise required by law,
 as such policy or policies may be in effect from time to time. This Agreement may be
 unilaterally amended by the Committee to comply with any such compensation recovery policy. 

8. No
 Right to Continued Service . This Agreement does not give you a right to continued
 Service with the Company or any Affiliate, and the Company or any such Affiliate may
 terminate your Service at any time and otherwise deal with you without regard to the
 effect it may have upon you under this Agreement. 

9. Governing
 Plan Document . This Agreement and the Award are subject to all the provisions
 of the Plan, and to all interpretations, rules and regulations which may, from time to
 time, be adopted and promulgated by the Committee pursuant to the Plan. Except for as
 provided in Section 4(b)(2) of this Agreement, if there is any conflict between the provisions
 of this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 

Page 3 

10. Choice
 of Law . This Agreement will be interpreted and enforced under the laws of the
 state of Minnesota (without regard to its conflicts or choice of law principles). 

11. Binding
 Effect . This Agreement will be binding in all respects on your heirs, representatives,
 successors and assigns, and on the successors and assigns of the Company. 

12. Section
 409A of the Code . The award of Units as provided in this Agreement and any issuance
 of Shares or payment pursuant to this Agreement are intended to be exempt from Section 409A
 of the Code under the short-term deferral exception specified in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-l(b)(4). 

13. Electronic
 Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may deliver any documents related to this
 Performance Stock Unit Award by electronic means and request your acceptance of this
 Agreement by electronic means. You hereby consent to receive all applicable documentation
 by electronic delivery and to participate in the Plan through an on-line (and/or voice
 activated) system established and maintained by the Company or the Company s third-party
 stock plan administrator. 

14. Inducement
 Grant . This Award is made and granted as a stand-alone award, separate and apart
 from, and outside of, the Plan, and shall not constitute an award granted under or pursuant
 to the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the terms, provisions, conditions and definitions
 set forth in the Plan shall apply to this Award (including but not limited to the adjustment
 provisions contained in Section 12 of the Plan) as if it had been granted under the Plan,
 and this Award shall be subject to such terms, provisions, conditions and definitions,
 which are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference. For the avoidance of
 doubt, this Award shall not be counted for purposes of calculating the aggregate number
 of Shares that may be issued or transferred pursuant to Awards under the Plan as set
 forth in Section 4(a) of the Plan. In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan
 and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control. 

By
signing the cover page of this Agreement or otherwise accepting this Agreement in a manner approved by the Company, you agree
to all the terms and conditions described above and in the Plan document. 

Page 4 

Exhibit
A 
 to Performance Stock Unit Agreement 

Performance
Goals 

 Quarterly
TSR Evaluation 

Subject
to the terms of the Performance Stock Unit Agreement and the Plan, and your continuous Service through each Vesting Date, each
PSU will vest based on achievement of the applicable TSR Performance Hurdle for a Share as set forth in the table below. 

Number
 of PSUs 
 TSR
 Performance Hurdle 
 
 [_______] 
 50 
 
 [_______] 
 100 

The
applicable Performance Hurdle will be considered achieved if the cumulative total shareholder return TSR ),
measured from the Initial Value, for a Share, exceeds the Performance Hurdle as of the last day of a Measurement Period. The Initial
Value equals the three-month volume-weighted average closing sales price for a Share on the principal securities market
on which the Stock traded as of the Grant Date. TSR will be calculated based on the following formula using the three-month volume-weighted
average closing sales price for a Share on the principal securities market on which it traded as of the last day of the Measurement
Period as the Current Value . 

TSR
 = 
 (Initial
 Value Current Value) + Dividends 
 
 Initial
 Value 

If
a Performance Hurdle is not achieved by a Vesting Date, the applicable number of PSUs may vest on a subsequent Vesting Date if
the applicable Performance Hurdle is achieved as of the end of a subsequent Measurement Period. Any PSUs that have not vested
based on achievement of the applicable Performance Hurdle by the last day of the Performance Period will be forfeited without
consideration. 

A- 1 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.12>
 3
 elmd230887_ex10-12.htm
 NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

Exhibit
10.12 

ELECTROMED,
INC. 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement 

 (Inducement
Grant) 

Electromed,
Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), pursuant to its 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ),
hereby grants an Option to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.01 per share Common Stock ),
to you, the Participant named below. The terms and conditions of the Option Award are set forth in this Agreement, consisting
of this cover page and the Option Terms and Conditions on the following pages. Any capitalized term that is not defined in this
Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Company s 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ),
as amended from time to time. 

Name of Participant: 
 [_______] 

No. of Shares Covered: 
 [_______] 
 Grant Date: 
 [_____ __], 20[__] 

Exercise Price Per Share: 
 [______] 
 Expiration Date: 
 [_____ __], 20[__] 

Vesting
 and Exercise Schedule: 

Dates 
 
 Portion
 of Shares as to Which 
 Option Becomes Vested and Exercisable 

Inducement
 Grant: 
 This
 Award is made and granted to you as an inducement material to you entering into employment with the Company as its [_______]
 in reliance on the employment inducement award exemption under the NYSE American LLC Company Guide Section 711(a). 
 
 See
Section 19 of the Terms and Conditions of the Agreement for additional information. 

Assumes your Service has been continuous from the Grant Date to an applicable Vesting Date. 

By
signing below or otherwise evidencing your acceptance of this Agreement in a manner approved by the Company, you agree to all
of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement and in the Plan document. You acknowledge that you have received and reviewed
these documents and that they set forth the entire agreement between you and the Company regarding your right to purchase shares
of the Company s Common Stock pursuant to this Option. 

PARTICIPANT: 
 
 ELECTROMED,
 INC. 

By: 

By: 

Name: 

Name: 

Title: 

ELECTROMED,
INC. 
 Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement 
(Inducement Grant) 

Option
Terms and Conditions 

1. Non-Qualified
 Stock Option . This Option is not intended to be an incentive stock
 option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code and will be interpreted
 accordingly. 

2. Vesting
 and Exercisability of Option . 

(a) Scheduled
Vesting . This Option will vest and become exercisable as to the number of Shares and on the dates specified in the Vesting
and Exercise Schedule on the cover page to this Agreement, so long as your Service to the Company does not end. The Vesting and
Exercise Schedule is cumulative, meaning that to the extent the Option has not already been exercised and has not expired or been
terminated or cancelled, you or the person otherwise entitled to exercise the Option as provided in this Agreement may at any
time purchase all or any portion of the Shares subject to the vested portion of the Option. 

(b) Accelerated
Vesting . Vesting and exercisability of this Option may be accelerated during the term of the Option under the circumstances
described in Sections 12(b) and 12(c) of the Plan, and at the discretion of the Committee in accordance with Section 3(b)(2) of
the Plan. 

3. Expiration .
 This Option will expire and will no longer be exercisable at 5:00 p.m. Central Time
 on the earliest of: 

(a) The
 expiration date specified on the cover page of this Agreement; 

(b) Upon
 your termination of Service for Cause; 

(c) Upon
 the expiration of any applicable period specified in Section 6(d) of the Plan or Section
 2 of this Agreement during which this Option may be exercised after your termination
 of Service; or 

(d) The
 date (if any) fixed for termination or cancellation of this Option pursuant to Section 12
 of the Plan. 

4. Service
 Requirement . Except as otherwise provided in Section 6(d) of the Plan or Section
 2 of this Agreement, this Option may be exercised only while you continue to provide
 Service to the Company or any Affiliate, and only if you have continuously provided such
 Service since the Grant Date of this Option. 

5. Exercise
 of Option . Subject to Section 4, the vested and exercisable portion of this Option
 may be exercised in whole or in part at any time during the Option term by delivering
 a written or electronic notice of exercise to the Company s Chief Financial Officer
 or to such other party as may be designated by such officer, and by providing for payment
 of the exercise price of the Shares being acquired and any related withholding taxes.
 The notice of exercise must be in a form approved by the Company and state the number
 of Shares to be purchased, the method of payment of the aggregate exercise price and
 the directions for the delivery of the Shares to be acquired, and must be signed or otherwise
 authenticated by the person exercising the Option. If you are not the person exercising
 the Option, the person submitting the notice also must submit appropriate proof of his/her
 right to exercise the Option. 

ELMD: Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Inducement Grant) Page 2 

6. Payment
 of Exercise Price . When you submit your notice of exercise, you must include
 payment of the exercise price of the Shares being purchased through one or a combination
 of the following methods: 

(a) Cash
 (including personal check, cashier s check or money order); 

(b) By
 means of a broker-assisted cashless exercise in which you irrevocably instruct your broker
 to deliver proceeds of a sale of all or a portion of the Shares to be issued pursuant
 to the exercise to the Company in payment of the exercise price of such Shares; 

(c) By
 delivery to the Company of Shares (by actual delivery or attestation of ownership in
 a form approved by the Company) already owned by you that are not subject to any security
 interest and that have an aggregate Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to
 the exercise price of the Shares being purchased; or 

(d) By
 authorizing the Company to retain, from the total number of Shares as to which the Option
 is being exercised, that number of Shares having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise
 equal to the exercise price for the total number of Shares as to which the Option is
 being exercised. 

7. Withholding
 Taxes . You may not exercise this Option in whole or in part unless you make arrangements
 acceptable to the Company for payment of any federal, state, local or foreign withholding
 taxes that may be due as a result of the exercise of this Option. You hereby authorize
 the Company (or any Affiliate) to withhold from payroll or other amounts payable to you
 any sums required to satisfy such withholding tax obligations, and otherwise agree to
 satisfy such obligations in accordance with the provisions of Section 14 of the Plan.
 You may satisfy such withholding tax obligations by delivering Shares you already own
 or by having the Company retain a portion of the Shares being acquired upon exercise
 of the Option, provided you notify the Company in advance of any exercise of your desire
 to pay withholding taxes in this manner. Delivery of Shares upon exercise of this Option
 is subject to the satisfaction of applicable withholding tax obligations. 

8. Delivery
 of Shares . As soon as practicable after the Company receives the notice of exercise
 and payment of the exercise price as provided above, and has determined that all other
 conditions to exercise, including satisfaction of withholding tax obligations and compliance
 with applicable laws as provided in Section 17(c) of the Plan, have been satisfied, it
 shall deliver to the person exercising the Option, in the name of such person, the Shares
 being purchased, as evidenced by issuance of a stock certificate or certificates, electronic
 delivery of such Shares to a brokerage account designated by such person, or book-entry
 registration of such Shares with the Company s transfer agent. The Company shall
 pay any original issue or transfer taxes with respect to the issue or transfer of the
 Shares and all fees and expenses incurred by it in connection therewith. All Shares so
 issued shall be fully paid and nonassessable. 

9. Transfer
 of Option . During your lifetime, only you (or your guardian or legal representative
 in the event of legal incapacity) may exercise this Option except in the case of a transfer
 described below. You may not assign or transfer this Option except for a transfer upon
 your death in accordance with your will, by the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant
 to a beneficiary designation submitted in accordance with Section 6(c) of the Plan. The
 Option held by any such transferee will continue to be subject to the same terms and
 conditions that were applicable to the Option immediately prior to its transfer and may
 be exercised by such transferee as and to the extent that the Option has become exercisable
 and has not terminated in accordance with the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement. 

ELMD: Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Inducement Grant) Page 3 

10. No
 Stockholder Rights Before Exercise . Neither you nor any permitted transferee
 of this Option will have any of the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect
 to any Shares subject to this Option until a certificate evidencing such Shares has been
 issued, electronic delivery of such Shares has been made to your designated brokerage
 account, or an appropriate book entry in the Company s stock register has been
 made. No adjustments shall be made for dividends or other rights if the applicable record
 date occurs before your stock certificate has been issued, electronic delivery of your
 Shares has been made to your designated brokerage account, or an appropriate book entry
 in the Company s stock register has been made, except as otherwise described in
 the Plan. 

11. Governing
 Plan Document . This Agreement and Option are subject to all the provisions of
 the Plan, and to all interpretations, rules and regulations which may, from time to time,
 be adopted and promulgated by the Committee pursuant to the Plan. If there is any conflict
 between the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will
 govern. 

12. Choice
 of Law . This Agreement will be interpreted and enforced under the laws of the
 state of Minnesota (without regard to its conflicts or choice of law principles). 

13. Binding
 Effect . This Agreement will be binding in all respects on your heirs, representatives,
 successors and assigns, and on the successors and assigns of the Company. 

14. Other
 Agreements . You agree that in connection with the exercise of this Option, you
 will execute such documents as may be necessary to become a party to any stockholder,
 voting or similar agreements as the Company may require. 

15. Restrictive
 Legends . The Company may place a legend or legends on any certificate representing
 Shares issued upon the exercise of this Option summarizing transfer and other restrictions
 to which the Shares may be subject under applicable securities laws, other provisions
 of this Agreement, or other agreements contemplated by Section 14 of this Agreement.
 You agree that in order to ensure compliance with the restrictions referred to in this
 Agreement, the Company may issue appropriate stop transfer instructions
 to its transfer agent. 

16. Compensation
 Recovery Policy . This Award and any compensation associated therewith shall be
 subject to potential forfeiture or recovery by the Company in accordance with any compensation
 recovery policy adopted by the Board or the Committee, including but not limited to,
 a policy adopted in response to the requirements of Section 10D of the Exchange Act,
 the Securities and Exchange Commission s final rules thereunder, any listing rules
 of any national securities exchange on which the Company s Shares are then listed,
 other rules and regulations implementing the foregoing, or as otherwise required by law,
 as such policy or policies may be in effect from time to time. This Agreement may be
 unilaterally amended by the Committee to comply with any such compensation recovery policy. 

17. Electronic
 Delivery and Acceptance . The Company may deliver any documents related to this
 Option Award by electronic means and request your acceptance of this Agreement by electronic
 means. You hereby consent to receive all applicable documentation by electronic delivery
 and to participate in the Plan through an on-line (and/or voice activated) system established
 and maintained by the Company or the Company s third-party stock plan administrator. 

18. No
 Right to Continued Service . This Agreement does not give you a right to continued
 Service with the Company or any Affiliate, and the Company or any such Affiliate may
 terminate your Service at any time and otherwise deal with you without regard to the
 effect it may have upon you under this Agreement. 

ELMD: Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Inducement Grant) Page 4 

19. Inducement
 Grant . This Award is made and granted as a stand-alone award, separate and apart
 from, and outside of, the Plan, and shall not constitute an award granted under or pursuant
 to the Plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the terms, provisions, conditions and definitions
 set forth in the Plan shall apply to this Award (including but not limited to the adjustment
 provisions contained in Section 12 of the Plan) aducem 

By
signing the cover page of this Agreement or otherwise accepting this Agreement in a manner approved by the Company, you agree
to all the terms and conditions described above and in the Plan document. 

ELMD: Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (Inducement Grant) Page 5 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-10.26>
 4
 elmd230887_ex10-26.htm
 FISCAL YEAR 2024 OFFICER BONUS PLAN

Exhibit 10.26 

Fiscal Year 2024 Officer Bonus Plan 

The Personnel and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors
of Electromed, Inc. (the Company has established the Fiscal Year 2024 Officer Bonus Plan (the Bonus Plan for officers of the Company, including its named executive officers. The Bonus Plan is effective for the fiscal year ending June
30, 2024 and provides an opportunity for each participant to earn an annual cash bonus based on Company revenue growth and earnings
before taxes EBT versus the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. The committee has established target payouts of 50 
and 30 of annual base salary for our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, under the Bonus Plan.
The following summarizes the potential payments under the Bonus Plan: 

Company revenue or EBT growth below minimum performance will not result in any payouts under the Bonus Plan. Revenue growth
will be weighted at 67 and EBT growth weighted at 33 . 

Company revenue and EBT growth between minimum and target performance will result in a potential bonus payout starting at 43 
and increasing up to a total of 100 of the participant s respective target payout depending on the growth mix between revenue
and EBT. 

Company revenue and EBT growth above target performance will result in a potential bonus payout equal to 100 or more of the
participant s respective target payout up to 250 of target payout. 

</EX-10.26>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 elmd230887_ex23-1.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-180168, 333-200685, and 333-221895 on Form S-8
of Electromed, Inc. of our report dated August 22, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Electromed, Inc., appearing
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Electromed, Inc. for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

/s/
RSM US LLP 

Rochester,
Minnesota 

 August 22,
2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 6
 elmd230887_ex24-1.htm
 POWERS OF ATTORNEY

Exhibit 24.1 

Electromed,
Inc. 

Limited Power of Attorney 

The undersigned director
of Electromed, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint James
L. Cunniff and Bradley M. Nagel, and each of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with power
of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix
the undersigned s name as such director of the Company to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2023 or other applicable form, and any amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C. (the SEC ), and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents
in connection therewith with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority
to do and to perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned has hereunto set his or her hand this 22nd day of August, 2023. 

/s/ Lee A. Jones 

Lee A. Jones 

Electromed,
Inc. 

Limited Power of Attorney 

The undersigned director
of Electromed, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint James
L. Cunniff and Bradley M. Nagel, and each of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with power
of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix
the undersigned s name as such director of the Company to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2023 or other applicable form, and any amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C. (the SEC ), and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents
in connection therewith with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority
to do and to perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned has hereunto set his or her hand this 22nd day of August, 2023. 

/s/ Stan K. Erickson 

Stan K. Erickson 

Electromed,
Inc. 

Limited Power of Attorney 

The undersigned director
of Electromed, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint James
L. Cunniff and Bradley M. Nagel, and each of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with power
of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix
the undersigned s name as such director of the Company to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2023 or other applicable form, and any amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C. (the SEC ), and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents
in connection therewith with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority
to do and to perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned has hereunto set his or her hand this 22nd day of August, 2023. 

/s/ Gregory J. Fluet 

Gregory J. Fluet 

Electromed,
Inc. 

Limited Power of Attorney 

The undersigned director
of Electromed, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint James
L. Cunniff and Bradley M. Nagel, and each of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with power
of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix
the undersigned s name as such director of the Company to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2023 or other applicable form, and any amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C. (the SEC ), and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents
in connection therewith with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority
to do and to perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned has hereunto set his or her hand this 22nd day of August, 2023. 

/s/ Joseph L. Galatowitsch 

Joseph L. Galatowitsch 

Electromed,
Inc. 

Limited Power of Attorney 

The undersigned director
of Electromed, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint James
L. Cunniff and Bradley M. Nagel, and each of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with power
of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix
the undersigned s name as such director of the Company to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2023 or other applicable form, and any amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C. (the SEC ), and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents
in connection therewith with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority
to do and to perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned has hereunto set his or her hand this 22nd day of August, 2023. 

/s/ Kathleen S. Skarvan 

Kathleen S. Skarvan 

Electromed,
Inc. 

Limited Power of Attorney 

The undersigned director
of Electromed, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint James
L. Cunniff and Bradley M. Nagel, and each of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with power
of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix
the undersigned s name as such director of the Company to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2023 or other applicable form, and any amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C. (the SEC ), and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents
in connection therewith with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority
to do and to perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned has hereunto set his or her hand this 22nd day of August, 2023. 

/s/ Kathleen A. Tune 

Kathleen A. Tune 

Electromed,
Inc. 

Limited Power of Attorney 

The undersigned director
of Electromed, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint James
L. Cunniff and Bradley M. Nagel, and each of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with power
of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix
the undersigned s name as such director of the Company to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2023 or other applicable form, and any amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C. (the SEC ), and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents
in connection therewith with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority
to do and to perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned has hereunto set his or her hand this 22nd day of August, 2023. 

/s/ Andrew J. Summers 

Andrew J. Summers 

Electromed,
Inc. 

Limited Power of Attorney 

The undersigned director
of Electromed, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint James
L. Cunniff and Bradley M. Nagel, and each of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with power
of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix
the undersigned s name as such director of the Company to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2023 or other applicable form, and any amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C. (the SEC ), and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents
in connection therewith with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority
to do and to perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned has hereunto set his or her hand this 22nd day of August, 2023. 

/s/ Andrea M. Walsh 

Andrea M. Walsh 

Electromed,
Inc. 

Limited Power of Attorney 

The undersigned director
of Electromed, Inc., a Minnesota corporation (the Company ), does hereby make, constitute and appoint James
L. Cunniff and Bradley M. Nagel, and each of them, the undersigned s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with power
of substitution and resubstitution, for the undersigned and in the undersigned s name, place and stead, to sign and affix
the undersigned s name as such director of the Company to an Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2023 or other applicable form, and any amendments thereto, to be filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
Washington, D.C. (the SEC ), and to file the same with all exhibits thereto and other supporting documents
in connection therewith with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority
to do and to perform any and all acts necessary or incidental to the performance and execution of the powers herein expressly granted. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
the undersigned has hereunto set his or her hand this 22nd day of August, 2023. 

/s/ James L. Cunniff 

James L. Cunniff 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 elmd230887_ex31-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, James L. Cunniff, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Electromed, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 22, 2023 
 /s/ James L. Cunniff 

James L. Cunniff 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 elmd230887_ex31-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Bradley M. Nagel, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Electromed, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in
all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known
to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on
such evaluation; and 

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report)
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information; and 

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 22, 2023 
 /s/ Bradley M. Nagel 

Bradley M. Nagel 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 elmd230887_ex32-1.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of
Electromed, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), I, James L. Cunniff, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: August 22, 2023 
 /s/ James L. Cunniff 

James L. Cunniff 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 elmd230887_ex32-2.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of
Electromed, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), I, Bradley M. Nagel, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

Date: August 22, 2023 
 /s/ Bradley M. Nagel 

Bradley M. Nagel 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 elmd-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 elmd-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 elmd-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 elmd-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

