<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230920_10-K_edgar_data_1874999_0001493152-23-033194.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1807637</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>129018</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>424113</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>485957</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>310058</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>417781</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-033194.hdr.sgml : 20230920
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230920160552
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-033194
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		36
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230920
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230920

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AG Acquisition Group III, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001874999
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				871779429
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56326
		FILM NUMBER:		231266566

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		625 N FLAGLER DR.,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		561-514-0936

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		625 N FLAGLER DR.,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			WEST PALM BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33401

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-033194.txt : 20230920

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______, 20 ____, to ______, 20_____. 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

N/A 
 
 (Title of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by an of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). No 

As
of December 31, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market
value of the registrant s voting and non-common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was . 

As
of September 20, 2023, there were shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

Table
of Contents 

Page 
 
 Part I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 16 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 16 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 16 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 16 

Part II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 16 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Reserved 
 17 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 20 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 20 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 20 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 20 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 21 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 21 

Part III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 21 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 23 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 24 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 26 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 27 

Part IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 28 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 28 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some
of the statements contained in this annual report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal
securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s
expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The
words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following risks, uncertainties and other factors: 

the level of demand for
 our products and services; 

competition in our markets; 

our ability to grow and
 manage growth profitably; 

our ability to access additional
 capital; 

changes in applicable laws
 or regulations; 

our ability to attract
 and retain qualified personnel; 

the possibility that we
 may be adversely affected by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; and 

other risks and uncertainties,
 including those listed under the captions Business, Risk Factors, and Management s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Should
one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in
material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Unless
the context otherwise requires, AG Acquisition Group III, Inc., we, us, our, 
or the Company refer to AG Acquisition Group III, Inc. 

Overview 

The
Company was incorporated on June 22, 2021, in the state of Delaware as a blank check company. Since inception, the Company has only engaged
in organizational efforts. The Company was formed to be used as a vehicle to pursue a business combination with an unidentified target.
The Company has not yet conducted negotiations or entered into preliminary discussions with a target company. 

The
Company has been solely funded by its management and does not intend to seek outside funding sources at this time, though it may do so
in the future. During the remainder of the fiscal year and beyond such time, we anticipate incurring costs related to the filing of reports
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and investigating, analyzing and consummating
an acquisition. We believe we will be able to meet these costs through use of funds to be loaned by or invested in us by our management
or other investors. Our management has indicated their intent to advance funds on behalf of the Company as needed in order to accomplish
its business plan and comply with its Exchange Act reporting requirements; however, there are no agreements in effect between the Company
and our management specifically requiring that they provide any funds to the Company. As a result, there are no assurances that such
funds will be advanced or that the Company will be able to secure any additional funding as needed and therefore there is no guarantee
that the Company can comply with the filing of reports required under the Exchange Act. 

Many
states have enacted statutes, rules and regulations limiting the sale of securities of blank check companies in their respective
jurisdictions. Management does not intend to undertake any efforts to cause a market to develop in our securities, either debt or equity,
until we have successfully concluded a business combination. The Company intends to comply with the periodic reporting requirements of
the Exchange Act for so long as it is subject to those requirements. 

The
Company is a shell company in that it has no or nominal operations and either no or nominal assets. At this time, the Company s
purpose is to seek, investigate and, if such investigation warrants, acquire an interest in business opportunities presented to it by
persons or firms who or which desire to seek the perceived advantages of an Exchange Act registered corporation. The Company will not
restrict its search to any specific business, industry, or geographical location and the Company may participate in a business venture
of virtually any kind or nature. This discussion of the proposed business is purposefully general and is not meant to be restrictive
of the Company s virtually unlimited discretion to search for and enter into potential business opportunities. 

Although
there is no guarantee that a merger with a private, operating business would result in any benefit to our current or future shareholders,
the Company believes there exists a potential benefit to the shareholders from the consummation of such a merger or acquisition. For
example, our common stock may become more attractive to the financial community, resulting in an increased share price and/or greater
liquidity. Moreover, if all of the preconditions of Rule 144, promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act ), are met, including the introduction of an operating business, current restricted shareholders may be able to utilize Rule
144 for the sale of their shares. Currently, Rule 144 is not available as further described below in Risk Factors. There is no guarantee
that any of these possible benefits will come to fruition. 

Other
perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation include, among other things, facilitating or improving the terms on which
additional equity financing may be obtained, providing liquidity for the principals of and investors in a business, creating a means
for providing incentive stock options or similar benefits to key employees, and offering greater flexibility in structuring acquisitions,
joint ventures and the like through the issuance of stock. 

4 

Negotiations
with any merger candidate are expected to focus on the percentage of the Company which the target company shareholders would acquire
in exchange for all of their shareholdings in the target company. Depending upon certain factors, such as the target company s
assets and liabilities, the Company s current shareholders will most likely hold a substantially lesser percentage ownership interest
in the Company following any merger or acquisition. The percentage ownership may be subject to significant reduction in the event the
Company acquires an operating business with substantial assets. Any merger or acquisition effectuated by the Company can be expected
to have a significant dilutive effect on the percentage of shares held by the Company s then shareholders. Management does not
expect to negotiate a cash payment in exchange for the outstanding shares held by non-affiliates. 

In
applying the foregoing criteria, none of which will be controlling, management will attempt to analyze all factors and circumstances
and make a determination based upon reasonable investigative measures and available data. Potentially available business opportunities
may occur in many different industries, and at various stages of development, all of which will make the task of comparative investigation
and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex. Due to the Company s limited capital available for
investigation, we may not discover or adequately evaluate adverse facts about the opportunity to be acquired. In addition, we will be
competing against other entities that possess greater financial, technical and managerial capabilities for identifying and completing
business combinations. 

We
may seek a business opportunity with entities which have recently commenced operations, or which wish to utilize the public marketplace
in order to raise additional capital in order to expand into new products or markets, to develop a new product or service, or for other
corporate purposes. We may acquire assets and establish wholly owned subsidiaries in various businesses or acquire existing businesses
as subsidiaries. 

We
would not be obligated nor does management intend to seek pre-approval by our shareholders prior to entering into a transaction. 

The
Company intends to promote itself privately. The Company anticipates that the selection of a business opportunity in which to participate
will be complex and risky. Due to general economic conditions, rapid technological advances being made in some industries and shortages
of available capital, management believes that there are numerous firms seeking the perceived benefits of a publicly registered corporation.
Such perceived benefits may include facilitating or improving the terms on which additional equity financing may be sought, providing
liquidity for incentive stock options or similar benefits to key employees, providing liquidity (subject to restrictions of applicable
statutes), for all shareholders, and other factors. 

There
are different situations for private companies which may make a reverse merger more attractive to an operating private company than filing
its own Form 10. It takes significant time and effort just to be able to learn to file the necessary documents through the SEC s
EDGAR database, especially if the operating company has not invested in filing software to streamline the process which is expensive.
We believe that small companies are usually in a hurry to raise capital and some investors require that the private companies they invest
in are or become SEC reporting. The reason being is that some investors desire to have an exit strategy and a reverse merger with a Form
10 shell is perceived to be one step closer to liquidity. It should be noted that if a public shell company consummates a reverse merger
with a private operating company, the company will be required to file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC within four business
days of the transaction and that the Form 8-K will need to include audited financial statements of the private operating company and
pro forma financial statements giving effect to the business combination. 

In
contrast with a Form 10 shell company, a merger with a legacy shell company that has a significant shareholder base and is trading may
have poignant liabilities including previous disgruntled shareholders that may suppress the stock price upon merger with an operating
company. In addition, the surviving company may not qualify post-reverse merger as an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our
Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended (the JOBS Act ), if the legacy shell company had a registration statement declared
effective on or before December 8, 2011 and the first sale of common equity occurred on or before December 8, 2011. Due diligence is
slow and may be complicated by many different factors. 

5 

In
contrast with a Form 10 shell company, a merger with a development stage company, a shell company with an existing business plan and
minimum shareholder base and free trading stock necessary to achieve a ticker symbol and begin trading is very expensive compared to
a Form 10 shell company notwithstanding the consideration a private company would have to provide to us and the fact that we would not
provide such company with a shareholder base. 

The
Company has, and will continue to have, little or no capital with which to provide the owners of business opportunities with any significant
cash or other assets. At June 30, 2023, the Company had a cash balance of 2,260. Management believes that the Company will be able to
offer owners of acquisition candidates the opportunity to acquire a controlling ownership interest in a publicly registered company without
incurring the cost and time of completing such initial registration. The owners of the business opportunities will, however, incur significant
legal and accounting costs in connection with the acquisition of a business opportunity, including the costs of preparing Current Reports
on Form 8-K, Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and agreements and related reports and documents. The Exchange
Act specifically requires that any merger or acquisition candidate comply with all applicable reporting requirements, which include providing
audited financial statements to be included within the numerous filings relevant to complying with the Exchange Act. The Company has
not conducted market research and is not aware of statistical data which would support the perceived benefits of a merger or acquisition
transaction for the owners of a business opportunity. 

The
analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by, or under the supervision of our officers and directors, or successor management,
with such outside assistance as they may deem appropriate. The Company intends to concentrate on identifying preliminary prospective
business opportunities, which may be brought to our attention through present associations of the Company s officers and directors.
In analyzing prospective business opportunities, the Company will consider such matters as the available technical, financial and managerial
resources; working capital and other financial requirements; history of operations, if any; prospects for the future; nature of present
and expected competition; the quality and experience of management services which may be available and the depth of that management;
the potential for further research, development, or exploration; specific risk factors not now foreseeable but which then may be anticipated
to impact the proposed activities of the Company; the potential for growth or expansion; the potential for profit; the perceived public
recognition or acceptance of products, services, or trades; name identification; and other relevant factors. The Company will not acquire
or merge with any company for which audited financial statements are not available. 

Management
has substantial flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective new business opportunity. In reviewing business opportunities,
management will also consider such factors as: (a) potential for growth, indicated by new technology, anticipated market expansion or
new products; (b) competitive position as compared to other firms of similar size and experience within the industry segment as well
as within the industry as a whole; (c) strength and diversity of management, either in place or scheduled for recruitment; (d) capital
requirements and anticipated availability of required funds, to be provided by the registrant or from operations, through the sale of
additional securities, through joint ventures or similar arrangements or from other sources; and (e) the extent to which the business
opportunity can be advanced considering the availability of both human and economic capital. 

The
foregoing criteria are not intended to be exhaustive and there may be other criteria that the Company may deem relevant. 

In
evaluating a prospective business combination, we will conduct as extensive a due diligence review of potential targets as possible given
the lack of information which may be available regarding private companies, our limited personnel and financial resources and the relative
inexperience of our management with respect to such activities. Our management includes a securities attorney with over 20 years 
experience working on private to public transactions and a consultant who has advised many public companies on matters related to capital
markets; however, we believe there are many companies and professionals with significantly more experience than our management that also
are seeking business combination targets. 

6 

We
expect that our due diligence will encompass, among other things, meetings with the target business s incumbent management and
inspection of its facilities, as necessary, as well as a review of financial and other information which is made available to us. This
due diligence review will be conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage, including but not limited
to attorneys, accountants, consultants or other such professionals. At this time, the Company has not specifically identified any third
parties that it may engage. The costs associated with hiring third parties as required to complete a business combination may be significant
and are difficult to determine as such costs may vary depending on a variety of factors, including the amount of time it takes to complete
a business combination, the location of the target company, and the size and complexity of the business of the target company. 

Our
limited funds and the lack of full-time management will likely make it impracticable to conduct a complete and exhaustive investigation
and analysis of a target business before we consummate a business combination. Management decisions, therefore, will likely be made without
detailed feasibility studies, independent analysis, market surveys and the like which, if we had more funds available to us, would be
desirable. We will be particularly dependent in making decisions upon information provided by the promoters, owners, sponsors or others
associated with the target business seeking our participation. 

The
time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete a business combination cannot presently
be ascertained with any degree of certainty. The amount of time it takes to complete a business combination, the location of the target
company, and the size and complexity of the business of the target company, whether current stockholders of the Company will retain equity
in the Company, the scope of the due diligence investigation required, the involvement of the Company s auditors in the transaction,
possible changes in the Company s capital structure in connection with the transaction, and whether funds may be raised contemporaneously
with the transaction are all factors that determine the costs associated with completing a business combination transaction. The time
and costs required to complete a business combination can be estimated once a business combination target has been identified. Any costs
incurred with respect to the evaluation of a prospective business combination that is not ultimately completed will result in a loss
to us. 

The
Company does not intend to obtain funds in one or more private placements to finance the operation of any acquired business opportunity
until such time as the Company has successfully identified such a merger or acquisition. 

Management
intends to devote such time as it deems necessary to carry out the Company s affairs. We cannot project the amount of time that
our management will actually devote to our plan of operation. 

The
Company intends to conduct its activities so as to avoid being classified as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), and therefore avoid application of the costly and restrictive
registration and other provisions of the Investment Company Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Government
Regulations 

As
a public company, we will be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, which include the preparation and filing of current,
quarterly and annual reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q and 10-K. The Exchange Act specifically requires that any merger or acquisition candidate
comply with all applicable reporting requirements, which include providing audited financial statements to be included within the numerous
filings relevant to complying with the Exchange Act. 

The
Company is a Blank Check Company 

As
of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K, the Company is a blank check company with no revenues and has no specific business plan
or purpose other than to seek new business opportunities or to engage in a merger or acquisition with an unidentified company. Any offerings
of our securities would need to comply with Rule 419 under the Securities Act. The provisions of Rule 419 apply to every registration
statement filed under the Securities Act by a blank check company. Rule 419 requires that the blank check company filing such registration
statement deposit the securities being offered and proceeds of the offering into an escrow or trust account pending the execution of
an agreement for an acquisition or merger. In addition, the registrant is required to file a post-effective amendment to the registration
statement containing the same information as found in a Form 10 registration statement, upon the execution of an agreement for such acquisition
or merger. The rule provides procedures for the release of the offering funds in conjunction with the post effective acquisition or merger.
The Company has no current plans to engage in any such offerings. 

7 

Acquisition
Opportunities 

Together,
management owns 10,000,000 shares of common stock representing 100 of the total issued and outstanding shares of the Company. As a result,
management will have substantial flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective new business opportunity. In implementing a structure
for a particular business acquisition, the Company may become a party to a merger, consolidation, reorganization, joint venture, or licensing
agreement with another corporation or entity. It may also acquire stock or assets of an existing business. On the consummation of a transaction,
it is probable that the present management and shareholders of the Company will no longer be in control of the Company. In addition,
the Company s directors may, as part of the terms of the acquisition transaction, resign and be replaced by new directors without
a vote of the Company s shareholders or may sell their stock in the Company. Moreover, management may sell or otherwise transfer
his interest in the Company to new management who will then continue the Company business plan of seeking new business opportunities. 

It
is anticipated that any securities issued in any reorganization would be issued in reliance upon an exemption from registration under
applicable federal and state securities laws. In some circumstances, however, as a negotiated element of its transaction, the Company
may agree to register all or a part of such securities immediately after the transaction is consummated or at specified times thereafter.
If such registration occurs, of which there can be no assurance, it will be undertaken by the surviving entity after the Company has
successfully consummated a merger or acquisition. 

The
Company will participate in a business opportunity only after the negotiation and execution of appropriate written agreements. Although
the terms of such agreements cannot be predicted, generally such agreements will require some specific representations and warranties
by all of the parties thereto, will specify certain events of default, will detail the terms of closing and the conditions which must
be satisfied by each of the parties prior to and after such closing, will outline the manner of bearing costs, including costs associated
with the Company s attorneys and accountants, will set forth remedies on default and will include miscellaneous other terms. 

The
Company does not intend to provide its security holders with any complete disclosure documents or audited financial statements concerning
an acquisition or merger candidate and its business prior to the consummation of any acquisition or merger transaction. In the event
a proposed business combination involves a change in majority of directors of the Company, the Company will file and provide to stockholders
a Schedule 14F-1, which shall include information concerning the target company, as required. The Company will file a Current Report
on Form 8-K, as required, within four business days of a business combination which results in the Company ceasing to be a shell company.
This Form 8-K will include complete disclosure of the target company, including audited financial statements. 

The
present stockholders of the Company will likely not have control of a majority of the voting securities of the Company following a reorganization
transaction. As part of such a transaction, all or a majority of the Company s directors may resign and one or more new directors
may be appointed without any vote by stockholders. 

The
Company has not expended funds on, and has no plans to expend funds or time on, product research or development. 

Competition 

The
Company will remain an insignificant participant among the firms which engage in acquisition opportunities. There are many established
venture capital and financial concerns which have significantly greater financial and personnel resources and technical expertise than
the Company. In view of the Company s combined extremely limited financial resources and limited management availability, the Company
will continue to be at a significant competitive disadvantage compared to the Company s competitors which are also in the business
of seeking opportunities to engage in a merger or acquisition with other companies. 

8 

Employees 

The
Company currently has no employees. The business of the Company will be managed by its officers and directors and such officers or directors
which may join the Company in the future, and who may become employees of the Company. The Company does not anticipate a need to engage
any full-time employees at this time. 

Emerging
Growth Company 

The
Company is an emerging growth company , as defined in the JOBS Act, and may take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including,
but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, as amended (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), and exemptions from the requirements of Sections 14A(a) and (b) of the Exchange
Act to hold a nonbinding advisory vote of stockholders on executive compensation and any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

The
Company has elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1)
of the JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates
for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements
may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years, although we will lose that status sooner if our revenues exceed
 1 billion, if we issue more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three-year period, or if the market value of our common stock
that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our last second fiscal quarter. 

To
the extent that we continue to qualify as a smaller reporting company , as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the
Exchange Act, after we cease to qualify as an emerging growth company, certain of the exemptions available to us as an emerging growth
company may continue to be available to us as a smaller reporting company, including: (i) not being required to comply with the auditor
attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act; (ii) scaled executive compensation disclosures; and (iii) the requirement
to provide only two years of audited financial statements, instead of three years. 

Legal
Proceedings 

The
Company s officers and directors are not aware of any current, threatened or pending litigation to which the Company is a party
or which any of its property is the subject and which would have any material, adverse effect on the Company. 

Properties 

The
Company shares office space with Laura Anthony, an officer, director and significant stockholder of the Company, at 1700 Palm Beach Lakes
Blvd., Suite 820, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. The Company does not have a lease and the Company pays no rent for the space. The Company
does not own any properties, nor does it lease any properties. The Company does not believe it will need to maintain an office at any
time in the foreseeable future in order to carry out its plan of operations as described herein. 

9 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

An
investment in our securities carries a significant degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risks, as well as the
other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our historical financial statements and related notes included
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before you decide to purchase our securities. Any one of these risks and uncertainties
has the potential to cause material adverse effects on our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results which could
cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements expressed by us and a significant decrease in the value
of our common shares and warrants. Refer to Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

We
may not be successful in preventing the material adverse effects that any of the following risks and uncertainties may cause. These potential
risks and uncertainties may not be a complete list of the risks and uncertainties facing us. There may be additional risks and uncertainties
that we are presently unaware of, or presently consider immaterial, that may become material in the future and have a material adverse
effect on us. You could lose all or a significant portion of your investment due to any of these risks and uncertainties. 

Below
is a summary of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

We are dependent on the
 services of our officers and directors. 

The Company has limited
 assets and no present source of revenues. The Company is dependent upon the financial support of its officers and directors. 

Management has broad discretion
 over the selection of our prospective business. 

Shareholders will note
 receive disclosure or information regarding a prospective business. 

There is no active market
 for our common stock and accordingly, our stock is illiquid and may remain so. 

We have not specified an
 industry for new prospective business opportunities and accordingly risks associated with a specific business cannot be ascertained. 

Our officers and directors
 could have future conflicts of interest in determining business opportunities. 

There are many blank check
 companies for which AG Acquisition Group III will compete to attract business opportunities. 

Potential risks of an acquisition
 or merger with a foreign company. 

AG Acquisition Group III
 may require additional financing to maintain its reporting requirements and administrative expenses. 

State blue sky registration;
 potential limitations on resale of the securities. 

Rule 144 related risk. 

Rule 145 related risks. 

The Company may be subject
 to certain tax consequences in our business, which may increase our cost of doing business. 

We will not declare dividends. 

We most likely will issue
 additional securities in conjunction with a business opportunity which will result in a dilution of present shareholder ownership. 

Principal stockholders
 may engage in a transaction to cause the Company to repurchase their shares of common stock. 

10 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

WE
ARE DEPENDENT ON THE SERVICES OF OUR OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS. 

AG
Acquisition Group III is dependent upon the continued services of its officers and directors, Laura Anthony and Howard Gostfrand. Our
officers and directors are our sole funding source and provide us with substantial expertise. Ms. Anthony has previously served as an
officer and director of other blank check companies, including AG Acquisition Group, Inc., and AG Acquisition Group II, Inc. Ms. Anthony
also serves as a director of Aditxt, Inc., a Nasdaq-listed public company. Further, Ms. Anthony has acted as legal counsel for numerous
public and private companies over the past 28 years. AG Acquisition Group III believes that Ms. Anthony s experience as legal counsel
working with small cap companies, including blank check companies, as well as her previous experience being an officer and director of
AG Acquisition Group, Inc. and AG Acquisition Group II, Inc. and her knowledge of securities laws and regulations makes her very qualified
to be an officer and director of AG Acquisition Group III. Mr. Gostfrand has also previously served as an officer and director of other
blank check companies, including AG Acquisition Group, Inc., and AG Acquisition Group II, Inc. Further, Mr. Gostfrand has experience
assisting shell companies with finding potential business combinations. Mr. Gostfrand founded and serves as President of American Capital
Ventures ACV ), an investor relations and consulting firm focused on assisting small public companies with their approach
to the investment community. ACV has represented over 150 companies in diverse industries from all over the country as well as internationally.
Mr. Gostfrand has worked closely with management teams and understands the challenges associated with being a small cap company. We believe
that Mr. Gostfrand s previous experience being an officer and director of AG Acquisition Group, Inc., and AG Acquisition Group
II, and his years of experience working with small public companies make him highly qualified to act as CEO of AG Acquisition Group III.
See Directors and Executive Officers. If either of Ms. Anthony or Mr. Gostfrand were to cease offering his or her services,
it is likely that the Company would cease to maintain its filings under the Exchange Act although it would continue to be obligated to
do so and would cease to seek new business opportunities. This would have a material adverse effect on the Company. 

THE
COMPANY HAS LIMITED ASSETS AND NO PRESENT SOURCE OF REVENUES. THE COMPANY IS DEPENDENT UPON THE FINANCIAL SUPPORT OF ITS OFFICERS AND
DIRECTORS. 

At
present, our business activities are limited to seeking potential business opportunities. Due to our limited financial and personnel
resources, there is only a limited basis upon which to evaluate our prospects for achieving our intended business objectives. We have
only limited resources and have no operating income, revenues or cash flow from operations. Our management is providing us with funding,
on an as needed basis, necessary for us to continue our corporate existence and our business objective to seek new business opportunities,
as well as funding the costs, including professional accounting fees, of registering our securities under the Exchange Act and continuing
to be a reporting company under the Exchange Act. We have no written agreement with our management to provide any interim financing for
any period. In addition, we will not generate any revenues unless and until we enter into a new business. As of June 30, 2022, we had
cash of 710. 

MANAGEMENT
HAS BROAD DISCRETION OVER THE SELECTION OF OUR PROSPECTIVE BUSINESS. 

As
of the date hereof, we have two stockholders: Leone Group, LLC Leone Group and ACV, each of whom owns 50.0 of our outstanding
common stock. Ms. Anthony, our Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and director, is the sole equity holder of Leone Group. Mr. Gostfrand,
our Chief Executive Officer and director, is the sole stockholder of ACV. At this time, we do not expect to seek investors outside of
management but we could decide to do so in the future. Any person who invests in our securities will do so without an opportunity to
evaluate the specific merits or risks of any potential new prospective business in which we may engage. As a result, investors will be
entirely dependent on the broad discretion and judgment of management in connection with the selection of a prospective business. The
business decisions made by our management may not be successful. 

SHAREHOLDERS
WILL NOT RECEIVE DISCLOSURE OR INFORMATION REGARDING A PROSPECTIVE BUSINESS. 

As
of the date hereof, we have not yet identified any prospective business or industry in which we may seek to become involved and at present
we have no information concerning any prospective business. Management is not required to and will not provide shareholders with disclosure
or information regarding prospective business opportunities. Moreover, a prospective business opportunity may not result in a benefit
to shareholders or prove to be more favorable to shareholders than any other investment that may be made by shareholders and investors. 

THERE
IS NO ACTIVE MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK AND ACCORDINGLY OUR STOCK IS ILLIQUID AND MAY REMAIN SO. 

Management
does not intend to undertake any efforts to cause a market to develop in our securities, either debt or equity, until we have successfully
concluded a business combination. Accordingly, our stock is illiquid and may remain so. 

11 

WE
HAVE NOT SPECIFIED AN INDUSTRY FOR NEW PROSPECTIVE BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES AND ACCORDINGLY RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH A SPECIFIC BUSINESS CANNOT
BE ASCERTAINED. 

There
is no basis for shareholders to evaluate the possible merits or risks of potential new business opportunities or the particular industry
in which we may ultimately operate. To the extent that we effect a business combination with a financially unstable entity or an entity
that is in its early stage of development or growth, including entities without established records of revenues or income, we will become
subject to numerous risks inherent in the business and operations of that financially unstable company. In addition, to the extent that
we effect a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high degree of risk, we will become subject to the
currently unascertainable risks of that industry. A high level of risk frequently characterizes certain industries that experience rapid
growth, including internet companies. Although management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular new prospective
business or industry, there can be no assurance that we will properly ascertain or assess all such risks or that subsequent events may
not alter the risks that we perceive at the time of the consummation of any new business opportunity. 

OUR
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS COULD HAVE FUTURE CONFLICTS OF INTEREST IN DETERMINING BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES. 

Our
management is not required to, nor will they, commit full time to our affairs. As a result, pursuing new business opportunities may require
a greater period of time than otherwise. Management is not precluded from serving as an officer or director of any other entity that
is engaged in business activities similar to those of AG Acquisition Group III. Management is not currently an officer and director of
any competing entities but could become so in the future. 

Ms.
Anthony is the founding partner of Anthony, L.G., PLLC ALG ), a corporate, securities and business transactions law firm,
and the sole owner of Leone Group. See Directors and Executive Officers. Leone Group is a personal limited liability company
that solely owns Ms. Anthony s holdings in AG Acquisition Group III and certain other personal investments. Ms. Anthony is also
an owner and managing member of A.G. Capital Advisors, LLC AG Capital ), a consulting and advisory firm for small and middle
market private and public companies. Neither ALG nor Leone Group or AG Capital currently competes, and will not compete, with AG Acquisition
Group III. Although not expected or planned, if AG Acquisition Group III were to consummate a transaction with an entity that ALG currently
represents or has previously represented, the conflict of interest would be appropriately disclosed and waived by all parties. It is
likely, however, that AG Acquisition Group III will enter into a transaction with an entity with no relationship with ALG. 

Mr.
Gostfrand founded and serves as President of ACV, an investor relations and consulting firm focused on assisting small public companies
with their approach to the investment community. Mr. Gostfrand is also an owner and managing member of AG Capital, a consulting and advisory
firm for small and middle market private and public companies. See Directors and Executive Officers. Neither ACV nor AG
Capital will compete with AG Acquisition Group III. Mr. Gostfrand does not currently intend to have ACV represent or provide services
to any entity with which AG Acquisition Group III consummates a transaction. 

In
addition to the potential conflict of interest described above in the event that prior to the Company consummating a merger or acquisition,
management becomes associated with another substantially similar entity, they will have a conflict of interest. Such conflict would result
in a conflict of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. In general, officers
and directors of a Delaware corporation are required to present certain business opportunities to a corporation for which they serve
as an officer of director. In the event that our management has multiple business affiliations, he may have similar legal obligations
to present certain business opportunities to multiple entities. In the event that a conflict of interest shall arise, management will
consider factors such as reporting status, availability of audited financial statements, current capitalization and the laws of jurisdictions.
In particular, management will likely present a business opportunity to an entity he controls that is current in its reporting obligations
and has records sufficient to perform an audit. Moreover, management will likely present an opportunity to an entity he controls that
is domiciled in Delaware or another state that management believes has well known corporate laws in the business community, prior to
an entity domiciled in a less well-known state. Further, management will consider the current capitalization of an entity they control
in offering a business opportunity to such entity. In particular, management will consider whether they believe that the entity would
be more attractive to an operating business following a change in capitalization such as a reverse split or decrease or increase in authorized
capital stock. If several business opportunities or operating entities approach management with respect to a business combination, management
will consider the foregoing factors as well as the preferences of the management of the operating company. In the event that all factors
appear equal, management will likely present an operating company with a choice of blank check companies and defer to such operating
company s preference. 

12 

Management
believes that operating companies will consider such factors as outstanding shares, outstanding shares held by non-affiliates, number
of shareholders, reporting history, if any, outstanding liabilities or potential liabilities, tax losses, outstanding SEC comments, regulatory
history, the name of an entity and the state of domicile of an entity. This list is not exclusive and the management of an operating
company may have a preference for an entity for reasons that we cannot determine in advance. However, management will act in what it
believes will be in the best interests of the shareholders of AG Acquisition Group III and other respective public companies. AG Acquisition
Group III shall not enter into a transaction with a target business that is affiliated with management. Moreover, in the event a business
opportunity is presented to another entity controlled by management, management will continue to actively seek business opportunities
for AG Acquisition Group III. 

In
addition, conflicts of interest create the risk that management may have an incentive to act adversely to the interests of other non-management
stockholders, if any. A conflict of interest may arise between management s personal pecuniary interest and its fiduciary duty
to stockholders. 

THERE
ARE MANY BLANK CHECK COMPANIES FOR WHICH AG ACQUISITION GROUP III WILL COMPETE TO ATTRACT BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES. 

AG
Acquisition Group III expects to encounter intense competition from other entities seeking to pursue new business opportunities. Many
of these entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying new prospective business opportunities. Many of these
competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than we do. Based upon our limited financial and personnel
resources, we may lack the resources as compared to those of many of our potential competitors. 

POTENTIAL
RISKS OF AN ACQUISITION OR MERGER WITH A FOREIGN COMPANY. 

If
we enter into a business combination, acquisition or merger with a foreign concern, we will be subject to risks inherent in business
operations outside of the United States. These risks include, for example, currency fluctuations, regulatory problems, punitive tariffs,
unstable local tax policies, trade embargoes, risks related to shipment of raw materials and finished goods across national borders and
cultural and language differences. Foreign economies may differ favorably or unfavorably from the United States economy in growth of
gross national product, rate of inflation, market development, rate of savings, capital investment, resource self-sufficiency and balance
of payments positions and in other respects. 

AG
ACQUISITION GROUP III MAY REQUIRE ADDITIONAL FINANCING TO MAINTAIN ITS REPORTING REQUIREMENTS AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES. 

AG
Acquisition Group III has no revenues and is dependent upon the willingness of management to fund the costs associated with the reporting
obligations under the Exchange Act, and other administrative costs associated with our corporate existence. We may not generate any revenues
unless and until the commencement of new business operations. We believe that management will continue to provide sufficient funds to
pay accounting and professional fees and other expenses to fulfill our reporting obligations under the Exchange Act until we commence
business operations. Through June 30, 2022, management related parties have made a capital investment of 18,500. In the event that our
available funds from our management and affiliates prove to be insufficient, we will be required to seek additional financing. Our failure
to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on our ability to pay the accounting and other fees in order to continue
to fulfill our reporting obligations and pursue our business plan. We do not have any arrangements with any bank or financial institution
to secure additional financing and such financing may not be available on terms acceptable and in our best interests. We do not have
any written agreement with our affiliates to provide funds for our operating expenses. 

13 

STATE
BLUE SKY REGISTRATION; POTENTIAL LIMITATIONS ON RESALE OF THE SECURITIES. 

The
holders of our shares of common stock and those persons, who desire to purchase our stock in any trading market that might develop, should
be aware that there may be state blue-sky law restrictions upon the ability of investors to resell our securities. Accordingly, investors
should consider the secondary market for AG Acquisition Group III s securities to be a limited one. 

RULE
144 RELATED RISK. 

A
person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities
provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months
preceding a sale, (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least 90 days before the sale and (iii)
if the sale occurs prior to satisfaction of a one-year holding period, we provide current information at the time of sale. 

Persons
who have beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of,
or at any time during the three months preceding a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled
to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of either of the following: 

1 of the total number
 of securities of the same class then outstanding; or 

the average weekly trading
 volume of such securities during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale; 

provided,
 in each case, that we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale.
Such sales by affiliates must also comply with the manner of sale, current public information and notice provisions of Rule 144. 

Restrictions
on the Reliance of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies 

The
use of Rule 144 is prohibited for the resale of securities issued by any shell companies (other than business combination related shell
companies) or any issuer that has been at any time previously a shell company. The SEC has provided an important exception to this prohibition,
however, if the following conditions are met: 

The issuer of the securities
 that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

The issuer of the securities
 is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

The issuer of the securities
 has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter
 period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

At least one year has elapsed
 from the time that the issuer filed current comprehensive disclosure with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not
 a shell company. 

As
a result, it is likely that pursuant to Rule 144, stockholders who receive our restricted securities in a business combination will not
be able to sell our shares without registration until one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

RULE
145 RELATED RISKS. 

Affiliates
of a target company who receive registered shares in a Rule 145 business combination transaction, and who do not become affiliates of
the acquirer, will be able to immediately resell the securities received by them into the public markets without registration (except
for affiliates of a shell company as discussed in the following section). However, those persons who are affiliates of the acquirer,
and those who become affiliates of the acquirer after the acquisition, will still be subject to the Rule 144 resale conditions generally
applicable to affiliates, including the adequate current public information requirement, volume limitations, manner-of-sale requirements
for equity securities, and, if applicable, a Form 144 filing. 

14 

Application
of Rule 145 to Shell Companies 

Public
resales of securities acquired by affiliates of acquirers and target companies in business combination transactions involving shell companies
will continue to be subject to restrictions imposed by Rule 145. If the business combination transaction is not registered under the
Securities Act, then the affiliates must look to Rule 144 to resell their securities (with the additional Rule 144 conditions applicable
to shell company securities). If the business combination transaction is registered under the Securities Act, then affiliates of the
acquirer and target company may resell the securities acquired in the transaction, subject to the following conditions: 

The issuer must meet all
 of the conditions applicable to shell companies under Rule 144; 

After 90 days from the
 date of the acquisition, the affiliates may resell their securities subject to Rule 144 s volume limitations, adequate current
 public information requirement, and manner-of-sale requirements; 

After six months from the
 date of the acquisition, selling security-holders who are not affiliates of the acquirer may resell their securities subject only
 to the adequate current public information requirement of Rule 144; and 

After one year from the
 date of the acquisition, selling security-holders who are not affiliates or the acquirer may resell their securities without restriction. 

THE
COMPANY MAY BE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN TAX CONSEQUENCES IN OUR BUSINESS, WHICH MAY INCREASE OUR COST OF DOING BUSINESS. 

We
may not be able to structure our acquisition to result in tax-free treatment for the companies or their stockholders, which could deter
third parties from entering into certain business combinations with us or result in being taxed on consideration received in a transaction.
Currently, a transaction may be structured so as to result in tax-free treatment to both companies, as prescribed by various federal
and state tax provisions. We intend to structure any business combination so as to minimize the federal and state tax consequences to
both us and the target entity. We cannot guarantee however that the business combination will meet the statutory requirements of a tax-free
reorganization or that the parties will obtain the intended tax-free treatment upon a transfer of stock or assets. A non-qualifying reorganization
could result in the imposition of both federal and state taxes that may have an adverse effect on both parties to the transaction. It
should be noted that in certain circumstances the criteria for determining whether or not an acquisition is a so-called tax free 
reorganization under Section 368(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), depends upon whether
the owners of the acquired business own 80 or more of the voting stock of the surviving entity. If a transaction were structured to
take advantage of these provisions rather than other tax free provisions provided under the Code, all prior stockholders
would in such circumstances retain 20 or less of the total issued and outstanding shares of the surviving entity. Under other circumstances,
depending upon the relative negotiating strength of the parties, prior stockholders may retain substantially less than 20 of the total
issued and outstanding shares of the surviving entity. 

WE
WILL NOT DECLARE DIVIDENDS. 

We
do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future because we have no revenues. The payment of dividends will be contingent upon
our future revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and overall financial condition. The payment of any future dividends will
be within the discretion of our board of directors. It is our expectation that after the commencement of new business operations that
future management will determine to retain any earnings for use in business operations and accordingly, we do not anticipate declaring
any dividends in the foreseeable future. 

15 

WE
MOST LIKELY WILL ISSUE ADDITIONAL SECURITIES IN CONJUNCTION WITH A BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY WHICH WILL RESULT IN A DILUTION OF PRESENT SHAREHOLDER
OWNERSHIP. 

Our
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000
shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. The Company has designated 1,000,000 shares as Series A preferred Stock. Each
share of Series A preferred stock is entitled to 1,000 votes on any matter submitted to the holders of common stock. The Series A preferred
stock is not convertible. As of September 20, 2023, we had 10,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding and only two shareholders
of such common stock, and we had no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. We may be expected to issue additional shares in
connection with our pursuit of new business opportunities and new business operations. To the extent that additional shares of common
stock are issued, our shareholders would experience dilution of their respective ownership interests. If we issue shares of common stock
in connection with our intent to pursue new business opportunities, a change in control of our Company may be expected to occur. The
issuance of additional shares of common stock may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, in the event that an active
trading market commences. 

PRINCIPAL
STOCKHOLDERS MAY ENGAGE IN A TRANSACTION TO CAUSE THE COMPANY TO REPURCHASE THEIR SHARES OF COMMON STOCK. 

In
order to provide control of the Company to a third party or third parties, our principal stockholders may choose to cause the Company
to sell Company securities to a third party or third parties, with the proceeds of such sale being utilized for the Company to repurchase
shares of common stock held by such principal stockholders. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

The
Company shares office space with Laura Anthony, an officer, director and significant stockholder of the Company, at 1700 Palm Beach Lakes
Blvd., Suite 820, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. The Company does not have a lease and the Company pays no rent for the space. The Company
does not own any properties, nor does it lease any properties. The Company does not believe it will need to maintain an office at any
time in the foreseeable future in order to carry out its plan of operations as described herein. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The
Company s officers and directors are not aware of any current, threatened or pending litigation to which the Company is a party
or which any of its property is the subject and which would have any material, adverse effect on the Company. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market
Information 

The
Company s common stock is not traded or quoted on any market. 

As
of September 20, 2023, there is no common stock that is subject to outstanding options or warrants to purchase. 

Holders 

As
of September 20, 2023, there were 10,000,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, and we had two holders of record of our common
stock. 

16 

Dividends 

The
Company has not declared any dividends since inception and does not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future. We intend
to retain future earnings, if any, for reinvestment in the development and expansion of our business. The payment of dividends is within
the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend on the Company s earnings, capital requirements, financial condition,
and other relevant factors. There are no restrictions that currently limit the Company s ability to pay dividends on its common
stock other than those generally imposed by applicable state law. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

We
have no equity compensation plans. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

The
following is a list of unregistered securities sold by the Company within the last three years, including the date sold, the title of
the securities, the amount sold, the identity of the person who purchased the securities, the price or other consideration paid for the
securities, and the section of the Securities Act under which the sale was exempt from registration as well as the factual basis for
claiming such exemption. 

In
exchange for a capital investment of 3,000 by Leone Group, on or near June 22, 2021, AG Acquisition Group III issued to Leone Group
5,000,000 of its common stock representing 50 of its common stock outstanding on that date. The funds were used to pay ongoing administrative
expenses, including but not limited to, organization expenses and expenses related to the audit. 

In
exchange for a capital investment of 3,000 by ACV on or near June 22, 2021, AG Acquisition Group III issued to ACV 5,000,000 of its
common stock representing 50 of its common stock outstanding on that date. The funds were used to pay ongoing administrative expenses,
including but not limited to, organization expenses and expenses related to the audit. 

The
Company believes that the issuance and sale of the restricted shares was exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the
Securities Act as privately negotiated, isolated, non-recurring transactions not involving any public solicitation. An appropriate restrictive
legend is affixed to the stock certificates issued in such transactions. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
Company does not currently have a transfer agent. 

ITEM
6. RESERVED 

17 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following presentation of management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read
in conjunction with our financial statements, the accompanying notes thereto and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K. This section and other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K contain forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties. See Forward-Looking Statements. 

Overview 

AG
Acquisition Group III, Inc. AG Acquisition Group III, we, us, our, or the Company was organized as a vehicle to investigate and, if such investigation warrants, acquire a target company or business seeking the perceived
advantages of being a publicly held corporation. We are an emerging growth company that is exempt from certain financial disclosure and
governance requirements for up to five years as defined in the JOBS Act, that eases restrictions on the sale of securities; and increases
the number of shareholders a company must have before becoming subject to the Securities and Exchange Commission s (the SEC reporting and disclosure rules. Our principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term
growth potential through a combination with a business rather than immediate, short-term earnings. We will not restrict our potential
candidate target companies to any specific business, industry or geographical location and, thus, may acquire any type of business. 

Our
current activities are related to seeking new business opportunities. We will use our limited personnel and financial resources in connection
with such activities. It may be expected that pursuing a new business opportunity will involve the issuance of restricted shares of common
stock. At June 30, 2022, we had 710 of cash assets and total liabilities of 0. We have generated no revenues since inception. 

We
have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of
the JOBS Act, that allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public
and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not
be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

We
do not currently engage in any business activities that provide cash flow. The costs of investigating and analyzing business combinations
for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be paid with money in our treasury or with additional amounts, as necessary, to be loaned
to or invested in us by our stockholders, management or other investors. 

During
the next 12 months, we anticipate incurring costs related to: 

(i) 
 Filing reports pursuant
 to the Exchange Act (accounting and auditing fees) in the amount of approximately 20,000; and 

(ii) 
 Consummating an acquisition
 in the amount of approximately 100,000 or more, depending on the terms of the specific acquisition at issue to pay for audit fees,
 and the range of audit fees for this is unknown at such time and cannot be predicted with any accuracy. 

Our
officer and director, Laura Anthony, currently is providing legal services to the Company without charge. 

We
believe we will be able to meet the costs of filing reports under the Exchange Act during the next 12 months through use of funds to
be loaned to or invested in us by our management or other investors. However, there is no guarantee that such additional funds will be
made available to us or on terms that are favorable to us. If we enter into a business combination with a target entity, we will request
the target company to pay the acquisition related fees and expenses as a condition precedent to such an agreement. Our management may
also agree to invest or loan money to cover such expenses. To date, we have had no discussions with our management or other investors,
regarding funding and no funding commitment for future expenses has been obtained. If in the future we need funds to pay expenses, we
will consider these and other yet to be identified options for raising funds and/or paying expenses. If our management, or other investors,
does not loan to or invest sufficient funds in us, then we will not be able to meet our SEC reporting obligations and will not be able
to attract a private company with which to combine. 

We
have no source of revenues and will quickly have a stockholders deficit. These conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. We plan to devote our efforts to locating merger candidates since effectiveness of our registration statement
on Form 10, as amended, on September 30, 2021. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to develop additional
sources of capital, locate and complete a merger with another company, and ultimately, achieve profitable operations. 

18 

The
Company may consider a business which has recently commenced operations, is in need of additional funds for expansion into new products
or markets, is seeking to develop a new product or service, or is an established business which may be experiencing financial or operating
difficulties and is in need of additional capital. Our management believes that the public company status that results from a combination
with the Company will provide such company greater access to the capital markets, increase its visibility in the investment community,
and offer the opportunity to utilize its stock to make acquisitions. However, there is no assurance that the Company will have greater
access to capital due to its public company status, and therefore a business combination with an operating company in need of additional
capital may expose the Company to additional risks and challenges. In the alternative, a business combination may involve the acquisition
of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital, but which desires to establish a public trading market
for its shares, while avoiding, among other things, the time delays, significant expense, and loss of voting control which may occur
in a public offering. 

Management
believes there exist numerous private operating businesses seeking the perceived benefits of operating as a publicly registered corporation.
Perceived benefits may include increasing equity financing options, providing stock options or similar benefits as incentives to key
employees, and achieving liquidity (subject to restrictions of applicable statutes), for all shareholders. Management further believes
that certain private operating businesses prefer merging into a publicly registered company so as to eliminate the time and expense of
conducting an initial public offering. 

We
have, and will continue to have, no capital with which to provide the owners of business entities with any cash or other assets. However,
owners of these private operating businesses will still incur significant legal and accounting costs in connection with the acquisition
of a publicly registered corporation, including the costs of preparing Current Reports on Form 8-K, Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q and agreements and related reports and documents. The Exchange Act specifically requires that within four business
days of completion of a merger or acquisition transaction with a private operating business, a Current Report on Form 8-K be filed containing
Form 10 information regarding the private operating company, including audited financial statements. 

Continuing
Operations, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We
have no known demands or commitments and are not aware of any events or uncertainties as of the date of this report that will result
in or that are reasonably likely to materially increase or decrease our current liquidity. We had no material commitments for capital
expenditures as of June 30, 2022. 

The
Company currently plans to satisfy its cash requirements for the next 12 months through its current cash and by borrowing from its stockholders.
The Company currently expects that money borrowed will be used during the next 12 months to satisfy the Company s operating costs,
professional fees and for general corporate purposes. The Company may explore alternative financing sources, although it currently has
not done so. However, there is no guarantee that such additional funds will be made available to us or on terms that are favorable to
us. If we enter into a business combination with a target entity, we will request the target company to pay the acquisition related fees
and expenses as a condition precedent to such an agreement. Our current stockholders may also agree to invest or loan money to cover
such expenses. To date, we have had no discussions with our stockholders or other investors, regarding funding and no funding commitment
for future expenses has been obtained. If in the future we need funds to pay expenses, we will consider these and other yet to be identified
options for raising funds and/or paying expenses. If our current stockholders, or other investors, do not loan to or invest sufficient
funds in us, then we will not be able to meet our SEC reporting obligations and will not be able to attract a private company with which
to combine. 

The
Company will use its limited personnel and financial resources in connection with seeking new business opportunities, including seeking
an acquisition or merger with an operating company. It may be expected that entering into a new business opportunity or business combination
will involve the issuance of a substantial number of restricted shares of common stock. If such additional restricted shares of common
stock are issued, the shareholders will experience a dilution in their ownership interest in the Company. If a substantial number of
restricted shares are issued in connection with a business combination, a change in control may be expected to occur. 

19 

There
are no limitations in the certificate of incorporation on the Company s ability to borrow funds or raise funds through the issuance
of capital stock to effect a business combination. The Company s limited resources and lack of recent operating history may make
it difficult to borrow funds or raise capital. Such inability to borrow funds or raise funds through the issuance of capital stock required
to effect or facilitate a business combination may have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial condition and future
prospects, including the ability to complete a business combination. To the extent that debt financing ultimately proves to be available,
any borrowing will subject the Company to various risks traditionally associated with indebtedness, including the risks of interest rate
fluctuations and insufficiency of cash flow to pay principal and interest, including debt of an acquired business. 

The
Company currently has no plans to conduct any research and development or to purchase or sell any significant equipment. The Company
does not expect to hire any employees during the next 12 months. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

None. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Reference
is made to pages F-1 through F-9 comprising a portion of this annual report. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this annual report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified
in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and
chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of June
30, 2023, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of
June 30, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined under Exchange
Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 14d-14(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. 

All
internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore,
even those systems determined to be effective can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial reporting reliability and
financial statement preparation and presentation. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to risk that controls become inadequate because of changes in conditions and that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 

20 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023. In making the assessment,
management used the criteria issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework. Based on its assessment, management concluded that, as of June 30, 2023, our Company s internal control
over financial reporting was not effective. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Officers
and Directors 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of the members of our Board of Directors and our executive officers and the positions held
by each. Each director s term continues until his or her successor is elected or qualified at the next annual meeting, unless such
director earlier resigns or is removed. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Howard
 Gostfrand 
 
 55 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Laura
 Anthony 
 
 57 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Secretary and Director 

Biographical
information concerning our directors and executive officers listed above is set forth below. 

Our
directors are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders and until their respective successors will have been elected
and will have qualified. Officers are not elected for a fixed term of office but hold office until their successors have been elected.
Neither of our directors are a party to any arrangement or understanding pursuant to which he/she was or is to be elected as a director.
As discussed in the Section Acquisition Opportunities , it is likely that our officers and directors will resign their positions
as officers and directors of our Company upon consummation of a merger or acquisition. In light of Mr. Gostfrand s and Ms. Anthony s
experience as described in this section, we believe they are qualified to act as our director and to assist in the carrying out of our
business plan. 

Howard
Gostfrand. Mr. Gostfrand has been an officer and director of the Company since June 22, 2021. Howard Gostfrand has been involved
in the financial industry for over 27 years. Mr. Gostfrand formed ACV in 1999. As President and Founder of ACV, Mr. Gostfrand has worked
closely with hundreds of public companies of various market capitalizations and diversified industries both domestic and international.
His experience lies in consulting and guiding small-cap and middle market companies through implemented corporate strategy, investor
outreach and financial marketing initiatives. Prior to founding ACV, he was a retail stockbroker focused on small-cap companies, having
worked in New York City and South Florida. 

21 

ACV
is an investor relations and consulting firm focused on assisting small public companies with their approach to the investment community.
ACV has represented over 150 companies in diverse industries from all over the country as well as internationally. Mr. Gostfrand has
worked closely with management teams and understands the challenges associated with being a small and micro-cap company. Mr. Gostfrand
has no intention of acting as the investor relations representative for any company AG Acquisition Group III may complete a transaction
with. Rather, his years of experience working with small public companies makes him highly qualified to act as CEO of AG Acquisition
Group III. 

Mr.
Gostfrand is also an owner and managing member of AG Capital, a consulting and advisory firm for small and middle market private and
public companies. 

Mr.
Gostfrand has not been involved in any negative legal proceedings required to be disclosed as enumerated in Item 401(f) of Regulation
S-K. 

Laura
Anthony. Ms. Anthony has been an officer and director of the Company since June 22, 2021. Ms. Anthony is the founding partner
of Anthony L.G., PLLC, which she founded in 2001, a corporate, securities and business transactions law firm and has been practicing
law since 1993. Ms. Anthony provides corporate counsel to small-cap and middle market private and public companies. For 29 years, Ms.
Anthony has served clients in the areas including but not limited to compliance with Securities Act offer, sale and registration requirements,
including private and public offerings; initial public offerings; follow-on offerings and PIPE transactions; compliance with NASDAQ and
NYSE American initial and continued listing requirements; compliance with the initial quotation and maintenance of standards for the
OTCQB and OTCQX; working with foreign private issuers; Regulation A/A+ offerings; compliance with the registration and reporting requirements
under the Exchange Act; mergers and acquisitions; and general contract and business transactions. 

Ms.
Anthony is also an owner and managing member of AG Capital, a consulting and advisory firm for small and middle market private and public
companies. 

Ms.
Anthony has not been involved in any negative legal proceedings as enumerated in Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K either in the past 10
years or ever. 

In
addition, Mr. Gostfrand and Ms. Anthony founded AG Acquisition Group, Inc. AG I and AG Acquisition Group II, Inc. AG
II ), each of which was organized as a blank check company. AG I is now defunct. AG I did not engage in a business combination
with another entity, and did not effectuate any registered securities offerings. Mr. Gostfrand and Ms. Anthony have no current relationship
with AG I. 

Under
Mr. Gostfrand s and Ms. Anthony s leadership, on November 8, 2018, AG II entered into a business combination with John Keeler
 Co., Inc. (d/b/a Blue Star Foods), Blue Star Acquisition Corp. and John Keeler. Upon closing, Mr. Gostfrand and Ms. Anthony resigned
all officer and director positions with AG II. Mr. Gostfrand and Ms. Anthony have no ongoing relationship with AG II (n/k/a Blue Star
Foods Corp.), other than as warrant holders. As of September 20, 2023, each of Mr. Gostfrand and Ms. Anthony owns a warrant to purchase
12,500 shares of Blue Star Foods Corp. s common stock at an exercise price of 2.00 per share. Subsequent to the business combination
and Mr. Gostfrand s and Ms. Anthony s resignations, Blue Star Foods Corp. effectuated certain registered securities offerings.
As part of the business combination, Blue Star Foods Corp. redeemed 4,625,000 shares from each of Mr. Gostfrand and Ms. Anthony. There
was no cash or additional consideration paid, directly or indirectly, as part of the business combination or otherwise. 

There
are no family relationships between Mr. Gostfrand and Ms. Anthony. 

Board
Committees and Director Independence 

The
Company has an audit committee, which is currently comprised of Ms. Anthony as the sole member and Chairman of the audit committee. Other
than the audit committee, the Company s board of directors has no standing nominating, compensation or any other committees. Rather,
our full board of directors performs the functions of these committees. We do not believe it is necessary for our board of directors
to appoint such committees because the volume of matters that come before our board of directors for consideration permits the directors
to give sufficient time and attention to such matters to be involved in all decision making. Additionally, because our common stock is
not listed for trading or quotation on a national securities exchange, we are not required to have such committees. The Company has no
qualified financial expert at this time because it has not been able to hire a qualified candidate. Further, the Company believes that
it has inadequate financial resources at this time to hire such an expert. 

22 

The
Company is not quoted on any exchange that requires director independence requirements, or any exchange at all at this time nor on OTC
Markets. We have not established our own definition for determining whether our director and nominees for directors are independent 
nor have we adopted any other standard of independence employed by any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system,
though our current directors would not be deemed to be independent under any applicable definition given that they are
officers of the Company. Our board of directors takes the position that management of a target business will establish its own board
of directors; establish its own definition of independent as related to directors and nominees for directors; and establish
committees that will be suitable for its operations after the Company consummates a business combination. 

Director
Nominations 

Our
full Board of Directors recommends candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of the stockholders. We have not formally
established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general,
in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the Board of Directors considers educational background, diversity of professional
experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best
interests of our stockholders. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company has not adopted a code of ethics. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our
certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware
law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will
not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, except to the extent such exemption
from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ). 

Our
certificate of incorporation also permits us to maintain insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising
out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We have purchased a policy of directors 
and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of
a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

These
provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We
believe that these provisions and the insurance are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

No
executive compensation has been paid by the Company since inception. The Company has no employment agreements with any of its officers
and directors. 

There
are no outstanding options, warrants or equity awards. 

23 

2023
Summary Compensation Table 

The
following summary compensation table provides information regarding the compensation paid during our fiscal years ended June 30, 2023
and 2022 to our executive officers, who we collectively refer to as our named executive officers. 

Name and Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non- Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non- qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Howard Gostfrand 
 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Laura Anthony 
 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Management
will not receive any finder s fee, either directly or indirectly, as a result of their efforts to implement the Company s
business plan outlined herein. 

It
is possible that, after the Company successfully consummates a business combination with an unaffiliated entity, that entity may desire
to employ or retain one or a number of members of our management for the purposes of providing services to the surviving entity. However,
the Company has adopted a policy whereby the offer of any post-transaction employment to members of management will not be a consideration
in our decision whether to undertake any proposed transaction. 

Compensation
of Directors 

The
Company s directors are not compensated for their services as directors of the Company. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of September 20, 2023 by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In
the table below, percentage ownership is based on 10,000,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of September 20, 2023.
Unless otherwise noted below, the address for each beneficial owner listed on the table is c/o AG Acquisition Group III, Inc., 1700 Palm
Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 820, West Palm Beach, FL 33401. We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the
SEC. We believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the tables below have sole voting and
investment power with respect to all shares of common stock that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community property laws. 

24 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number
 and Nature of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock (1) 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors: 

Howard Gostfrand 
 5,000,000 (2) 
 50.0 
 
 Laura Anthony 
 5,000,000 (3) 
 50.0 
 
 All executive officers and directors as a group (2 persons) 
 10,000,000 
 100.0 

Greater than 5 Stockholders: 

American Capital Ventures, Inc. 1700 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 820 West Palm Beach, FL 33401 (4) 
 5,000,000 (2) 
 50.0 
 
 Leone Group, LLC 1700 Palm Beach Lakes Blvd., Suite 820 West Palm Beach, FL 33401 (5) 
 5,000,000 (3) 
 50.0 

(1) 
 The
 percentages in the table have been calculated based on 10,000,000 shares of our common stock outstanding on September 20, 2023. To
 calculate a stockholder s percentage of beneficial ownership, we include in the numerator and denominator the common stock
 outstanding and all shares of our common stock issuable to that person in the event of the exercise of outstanding options and other
 derivative securities owned by that person which are exercisable within 60 days of September 20, 2023. Stock options and derivative
 securities held by other stockholders are disregarded in this calculation. Therefore, the denominator used in calculating beneficial
 ownership among our stockholders may differ. Unless we have indicated otherwise, each person named in the table has sole voting power
 and sole investment power for the shares listed opposite such person s name. 

(2) 
 Represents
 shares held by American Capital Ventures, Inc. Mr. Gostfrand, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company, is sole owner
 of American Capital Ventures, Inc. and has sole voting and dispositive power over such shares. 

(3) 
 Represents
 shares held by Leone Group, LLC. Ms. Anthony, Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company, is sole owner of Leone Group,
 LLC and has sole voting and dispositive power over such shares. 

(4) 
 Mr.
 Gostfrand is sole owner of American Capital Ventures, Inc. 

There
are no arrangements that may result in a change of control of the Company. 

25 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
following table provides information as of June 30, 2023, regarding our compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized
for issuance: 

Plan category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 - 
 - 
 - 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Policies
and Procedures for Related Party Transactions 

Under
Item 404 of SEC Regulation S-K, a related person transaction is any actual or proposed transaction, arrangement or relationship or series
of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships, including those involving indebtedness not in the ordinary course of business,
to which we or our subsidiaries were or are a party, or in which we or our subsidiaries were or are a participant, in which the amount
involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal
years and in which any of our directors, nominees for director, executive officers, beneficial owners of more than 5 of any class of
our voting securities (a significant shareholder ), or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons,
had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

We
recognize that transactions between us and any of our directors or executives or with a third party in which one of our officers, directors
or significant shareholders has an interest can present potential or actual conflicts of interest and create the appearance that our
decisions are based on considerations other than the best interests of our Company and stockholders. 

Our
Audit Committee is charged with responsibility for reviewing, approving and overseeing any transaction between the Company and any related
person (as defined in Item 404 of Regulation S-K), including the propriety and ethical implications of any such transactions, as reported
or disclosed to the Audit Committee by the independent auditors, employees, officers, members of the Board of Directors or otherwise,
and to determine whether the terms of the transaction are not less favorable to us than could be obtained from an unaffiliated party. 

From
time to time, we engage in transactions with related parties. The following is a summary of the related party transactions during the
fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, and any proposed transactions, requiring disclosure pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K. 

As
of June 30, 2023 and 2022, entities owned and controlled by Mr. Gostfrand and Ms. Anthony, the Company s sole officers and directors,
have provided the Company with its only cash for operations. That is, entities owned and controlled by the Company s sole officers
and directors purchased a total of 10,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock for a total of 18,500. 

The
Company uses the office address of Ms. Anthony, an officer and director, without charge. Ms. Anthony has also provided legal services
to the Company since inception and through June 30, 2023, without charge. 

Both
Mr. Gostfrand and Ms. Anthony may be considered as promoters as that term is defined by Rule 405 of Regulation C. Neither Ms. Anthony
nor Mr. Gostfrand has any agreements with the Company to receive directly or indirectly, anything of value in the future. 

Ms.
Anthony is corporate and securities counsel to the Company. Ms. Anthony has been providing legal services without charge to the Company
but is under no obligation to continue to do so. 

The
Company does not have any outside directors. 

26 

Director
Independence 

The
Company is not quoted on any exchange that requires director independence requirements, or any exchange at all at this time nor on OTC
Markets. We have not established our own definition for determining whether our director and nominees for directors are independent 
nor have we adopted any other standard of independence employed by any national securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system,
though our current directors would not be deemed to be independent under any applicable definition given that they are
officers of the Company. 

Committees 

The
Company has an audit committee, which is currently comprised of Ms. Anthony as the sole member and Chairman of the audit committee. Other
than the audit committee, the Company s board of directors has no standing nominating, compensation or any other committees. Rather,
our full board of directors performs the functions of these committees. We do not believe it is necessary for our board of directors
to appoint such committees because the volume of matters that come before our board of directors for consideration permits the directors
to give sufficient time and attention to such matters to be involved in all decision making. Additionally, because our common stock is
not listed for trading or quotation on a national securities exchange, we are not required to have such committees. The Company has no
qualified financial expert at this time because it has not been able to hire a qualified candidate. Further, the Company believes that
it has inadequate financial resources at this time to hire such an expert. 

Our
board of directors takes the position that management of a target business will establish its own board of directors; establish its own
definition of independent as related to directors and nominees for directors; and establish committees that will be suitable
for its operations after the Company consummates a business combination. 

Code
of Ethics 

The
Company has not yet adopted a code of ethics due to the Company s status as a shell company and the related lack of operations
and operating assets. We expect that the Company s Board of Directors will adopt a code of ethics upon completion of a business
combination transaction. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

On
July 31, 2023, we appointed Hudgens CPA, PLLC Hudgens to serve as our independent registered public accounting firm.
D. Brooks and Associates CPAs, P.A. Brooks acted as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2022 and through July 31, 2023. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Hudgens and Brooks for the
for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Hudgens CPA 
 Brooks 

Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 
 Fiscal Year Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 4,500 
 - 
 4,950 
 12,500 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 4,500 
 - 
 4,950 
 12,500 

Audit
Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and
services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with regulatory filings. The above
amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at Board meetings, as applicable. 

27 

Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

Tax
Fees . Tax fees consist of fees billed for tax planning services and tax advice. The board of directors must specifically approve
all other tax services. 

All
Other Fees . Other services are services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm that do not fall within the
established audit, audit-related, and tax services categories. The board of directors preapproves specified other services that do not
fall within any of the specified prohibited categories of services. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

All
of the foregoing services were pre-approved by our audit committee. Our audit committee will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted
non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions
for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this annual report: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements 

See
Index to Financial Statements on page F-1. 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statements Schedules 

All
 financial statements schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the
 required information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this annual report. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We
 hereby file as part of this annual report the exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index below. Exhibits which are incorporated herein
 by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580,
 Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street,
 N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56326), filed with the SEC on August 13, 2021). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designations for Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56326), filed with the SEC on August 13, 2021). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Bylaws of the registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the registrant s registrant statement on Form 10 (File No. 000-56326), filed with the SEC on August 13, 2021). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 
 31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith 

 Furnished
herewith 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not
applicable. 

28 

AG
ACQUISITION GROUP III, INC. 

 Index
to Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders
of AG Acquisition Group III, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of AG Acquisition Group III, Inc. (the Company) as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related
statements of income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2023, and
the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
3 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred operating losses, has incurred negative cash flows from operations and has an
accumulated deficit. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plan regarding these matters is also described in Note 3 to the financial statements. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. We have
determined there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/

www.hudgenscpas.com 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. 

September
20, 2023 

F- 2 

AG
Acquisition Group III, Inc 

 Balance
Sheets 

June 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Total current assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 
 - 
 - 

Total Liabilities 
 - 
 - 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 - 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Common stock par value: shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See
accompanying notes to the condensed financial statements (throughout). 

F- 3 

AG
Acquisition Group III, Inc 

 Statement
of Operations 

2023 
 2022 

For the Year Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

Revenue 
 - 
 - 

Costs and Expenses: 

General and administrative - professional fees 

Net Loss 

Basic and diluted earnings per share: 

Basic and diluted earnings per share 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

See
accompanying notes to the condensed financial statements (throughout). 

F- 4 

AG
Acquisition Group III, Inc 

 Statement
of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Number of 
 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Balance, June 30, 2021 

- 

Capital Contributions 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, June 30, 2022 

Balance 

Capital Contributions 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net Loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

Balance 

See
accompanying notes to the condensed financial statements (throughout). 

F- 5 

AG
Acquisition Group III, Inc 

 Statement
of Cash Flows 

2023 
 2022 

For the Year Ended June 30, 

2023 
 2022 

Net Loss 

Cash flows from Operating activities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 
 - 

Accounts payable and other liabilities 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from contributions from stockholders 

Cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase/(decrease) in cash 

Cash - beginning of period 

Cash - end of period 

Supplemental Cash information: 

Interest paid in cash 
 - 
 - 
 
 Taxes paid in cash 
 - 
 - 

See
accompanying notes to the condensed financial statements (throughout). 

F- 6 

AG
ACQUISITION GROUP III, INC. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 

cash equivalents as of June 30 2023. 

deferred taxes due to the uncertainty
of generating taxable income to utilize the net operating loss carry forwards. 

outstanding potentially dilutive securities. 

AG
ACQUISITION GROUP III, INC. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 

and used net cash in operating activities of . The Company had working capital of as of June 30,
2023. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability to obtain additional financing from its stockholders
or other sources, as may be required, to meet its financial obligations as they become due. 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern; however, the above conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to do so for a period of 12 months from the issue date of this report. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effects on the recoverability and classification of
assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.
The Company currently has no commitments for the purchase of its equity. If the Company is unable to acquire additional working capital,
it may not be able to execute its business plan. 

shares of common stock, par value per share, to entities owned and controlled
by the Company s two officers and directors. The shares were issued for per share for a total of . The Company is
authorized to issue shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock, par value per share. The Company
has designated shares as Series A preferred stock. Each share of Series A preferred stock is entitled to votes on any
matter submitted to the holders of common stock. The Series A preferred stock is not convertible and is not entitled to dividends. 

As
of June 30, 2023, there were shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. During the fiscal
years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, the Company received and , respectively, of capital contributions from its
stockholders for working capital purposes. 

AG
ACQUISITION GROUP III, INC. 

 Notes
to Financial Statements 

 June
30, 2023 

and , respectively for working capital purposes. 

The
Company uses the office address of an officer and director, without charge. The same officer has also provided legal services to the
Company during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, without charge. 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred income tax asset 
 - 
 - 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company had net operating losses of approximately available to offset future taxable income, subject to
annual limitations. 

F- 9 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

AG
 ACQUISITION GROUP III, INC. 

Dated:
 September 20, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Laura Anthony 

Laura
 Anthony 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Howard Gostfrand 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director (principal executive officer) 
 
 September
 20, 2023 
 
 Howard
 Gostfrand 

/s/
 Laura Anthony 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director (principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 
 
 September
 20, 2023 
 
 Laura
 Anthony 

29 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Howard Gostfrand, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 of AG Acquisition Group III, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
September 20, 2023 

/s/
 Howard Gostfrand 

Howard
 Gostfrand 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(principal
 executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Laura Anthony, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 of AG Acquisition Group III, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
September 20, 2023 

/s/
 Laura Anthony 

Laura
 Anthony 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(principal
 financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of AG Acquisition Group III, Inc. (the Company for the fiscal year ended
June 30, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Howard Gostfrand, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, and I, Laura Anthony, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

Date:
 September 20, 2023 
 /s/
 Howard Gostfrand 

Howard
 Gostfrand 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (principal
 executive officer) 

Date:
 September 20, 2023 
 /s/
 Laura Anthony 

Laura
 Anthony 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (principal
 financial officer) 

This
certification accompanies this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except
to the extent required by such Act, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 agag-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 agag-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 agag-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 agag-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

