<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230830_10-K_edgar_data_1071840_0001171843-23-005488.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4917850</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>239993</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>909933</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1548174</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>941496</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1157865</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001171843-23-005488.hdr.sgml : 20230830
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230830162712
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001171843-23-005488
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20220831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230830
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230830

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SolarWindow Technologies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001071840
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				593509694
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-127953
		FILM NUMBER:		231225563

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9375 E. SHEA BLVD, SUIYE 107-B
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-213-0689

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9375 E. SHEA BLVD, SUIYE 107-B
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85260

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NEW ENERGY TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090114

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OCTILLION CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19981008

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001171843-23-005488.txt : 20230830

10-K
 1
 f10k_083023.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act . 

 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter)
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if
the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and
attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting fi rm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate
by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously
issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell
company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.). Yes 

The aggregate market value of SolarWindow common stock held
by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last day of our most recently completed second quarter on February 28, 2022, was . 

As of August 24, 2023, shares of common stock, par value 0.001,
were outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SOLARWINDOW TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

 FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2022 and 2021 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 
 Item1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 26 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 26 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations 
 28 

Item 7A. 
 Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures
 About Market Risk 
 31 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements 
 31 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with
 Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 31 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 32 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 33 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers, and
 Corporate Governance 
 33 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 38 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 42 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related
 Transactions, and Director Independence 
 44 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 45 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 49 

SIGNATURES 
 50 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 F-1 to F-20 

PART I 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements. Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because they discuss future events or conditions,
forward-looking statements may include words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, intend, 
 could, should, would, may, seek, plan, might, 
 will, expect, predict, project, forecast, potential, 
 continue negatives thereof or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Report speak only as of
the date of this report, are based on various underlying assumptions and current expectations about the future and are not guarantees.
Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity,
performance or achievement to be materially different from the results of operations or plans expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. 

Such forward-looking statements include statements
regarding, among other things, (a) the potential markets for our technologies, our potential profitability, and cash flows (b) our growth
strategies (c) expectations from our ongoing research and development activities (d) anticipated trends in the technology and alternative
energy industries (e) our future financing plans and (f) our anticipated needs for working capital. This information may involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different
from the future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. These statements may be
found at various places throughout this report including, but not limited to the discussions under Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 1. Business. Actual events or results may
differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, without limitation, the
matters described in this Form 10-K generally. In light of these risks and uncertainties, there can be no assurance that the forward-looking
statements contained in this filing will in fact occur. In addition to the information expressly required to be included in this filing,
we will provide such further material information, if any, as may be necessary to make the required statements, in light of the circumstances
under which they are made, not misleading. 

Although forward-looking statements in this report
reflect the good faith judgment of our management, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to known and unknown risks, business,
economic and other risks and factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from those discussed in these forward-looking
statements. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed
or implied by those forward-looking statements. Accordingly, you are urged not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements,
which speak only as of the date of this report. 

We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this report, other than as may be required by
applicable law or regulation. 

All references to we, us, 
 our, and SolarWindow refer to SolarWindow Technologies, Inc, and as applicable, its wholly-owned technologies. 

Item 1. Business 

We are a pre-revenue company developing proprietary
transparent electricity-generating coatings and methods for application to various materials which we refer to as LiquidElectricity 
Coatings . Our LiquidElectricity Coatings generate electricity by harvesting light energy from natural sun, artificial light,
and low, shaded, or reflected light conditions. We apply ultra-thin layers of LiquidElectricity Coatings to rigid glass, and flexible
glass and plastic surfaces where they transform otherwise ordinary surfaces into organic photovoltaic devices, commonly known as solar
cells, or solar modules. 

Our LiquidElectricity is a framework which utilizes
chemistry for different ultra-thin layers applied to a substrate. These layers include hole transport layers, active layers, electron
transport layers, and conductive contact points for transmission of electricity. We have developed a specialty expertise in each layer
of our LiquidElectricity to optimize for power, optical clarity, manufacturability, stability, and other qualities. The flexibility
engineered into our LiquidElectricity framework allows us to target a variety of potential applications spanning multiple industries,
including architectural, automotive, agrivoltaic (agricultural greenhouse), aerospace, commercial transportation and marine. 

1 

Our LiquidElectricity Coatings are under development
at one of the most respected and advanced solar-photovoltaic research institutions in the world, the U.S. Department of Energy s DOE National Renewable Energy Laboratory NREL ), through a Cooperative Research and Development
Agreement CRADA ). SolarWindow also has support from commercial contract firms who provide expertise in chemistry,
coatings processes, and manufacturing. 

Our commercial development efforts include seeking
technology, product licensing, and joint venture arrangements with research institutions, commercial partners, manufacturing and fabrication
facilities, and organizations with established technical competencies, market reach, and distribution networks in targeted industries. 

Among our near-term product iterations, is the electrification
of glass surfaces. LiquidElectricity , when applied using our proprietary processes to glass, could be fabricated into a window product
to produce electricity-generating windows for potential use in new construction and retrofit applications in commercial buildings. We
also envision the application of LiquidElectricity Coatings to existing third-party materials or product surfaces, to create electricity-generating
products which could become self-powered, or colloquially, self-charging products. 

We have achieved important milestones and overcome
major technical challenges in order to broaden the range of materials and products that we can coat to generate electricity. Our goals
in developing electricity-generating products have included ensuring transparency and aesthetics, optimizing power generation, developing
productization processes, simplifying manufacturability, and lowering costs of coating materials and their related application. 

We first coated rigid flat glass with our LiquidElectricity 
Coatings to generate electricity. Numerous technological advancements have enabled us to fabricate panes of flat glass layered with LiquidElectricity 
coatings at room temperature and ambient pressure; this process represents a significant technical achievement which may provide manufacturing
advantages over expensive and cumbersome high temperature and high positive or negative pressure-sensitive manufacturing methods common
to conventional solar photovoltaic manufacturing. 

Among important field tests, LiquidElectricity 
Coatings on flat glass have been successfully processed through the rigorous autoclave system for window glass lamination at a commercial
fabricator. At the fabricator s facilities, glass panes layered with LiquidElectricity Coatings were subjected to the extremely
high heat and pressure of autoclave equipment used in commercial glass lamination. Subsequent performance testing confirmed that glass
with LiquidElectricity Coatings continued to produce power. 

LiquidElectricity Coatings on glass panes have
also been subjected to more than 200 freeze/thaw cycles, yielding favorable performance. Our edge sealing processes and materials contributed
to the prevention of moisture-related damage, an important feature. 

In addition to flat glass, we have successfully applied
our LiquidElectricity Coatings to generate electricity on flexible glass and plastics. On glass surfaces, our electricity-generating
coatings could enable new and retrofit architectural applications such as windows for commercial towers, glass walls and curtain walls,
room dividers, and other related products. On flexible surfaces, our electricity-generating products present applications in various industries,
including: automotive, light and commercial trucks, recreational vehicles, marine, aerospace and defense, agrivoltaics, and others. 

In 2022, SolarWindow successfully applied LiquidElectricity 
Coatings using fully-solution processable methodology to create a non-transparent organic photovoltaic device. Fully-solution processable
organic photovoltaic methodology offers the potential for industry standard chemical deposition for more capital and time efficient manufacturing
and production. 

In 2023, LiquidElectricity Coatings were successfully
applied using fully-solution processable methodology to create semi-transparent solar modules. LiquidElectricity applied with this
methodology could benefit the agriculture market through utilizing crop shelter structures which offer protection in adverse climate conditions
by generating electricity on greenhouse windows and canopies while simultaneously optimizing light transmission for maximum crop yield. 

2 

Our planned productization and commercialization of
SolarWindow technologies will require significant further product development, fabrication, testing, and validation. In
addition to our technology development CRADA and engagements with specialty contract groups, we anticipate the need for product development
partnerships with commercial partners, as well as additional financing, which may not be readily available, to ascertain the viability
of our technologies and products, currently under development. 

Our technologies and products, currently under development,
use our proprietary chemistries and application processes in order to generate electricity on glass and plastics. Our ongoing research
and product development requires the commitment of significant resources to support the extensive invention, design, engineering, testing,
prototyping, and intellectual property initiatives carried-out by our scientists, engineers, and consultants. 

We cannot accurately predict the amount of funding
or the time required to successfully commercialize products. The actual cost and time required to commercialize our technology may vary
significantly depending on, among other things, the results of our product development efforts; the cost of developing, acquiring, or
licensing various enabling technologies; changes in the focus and direction of our business or product development plans; competitive
and technological advances; the cost of patent filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing claims; demonstrating compliance with regulations
and standards; and manufacturing, marketing and other costs that may be associated with product fabrication. Because of this uncertainty,
even if financing is available to us, we may secure insufficient funding to effectuate our business and/or product development plans. 

The Market Opportunity for our LiquidElectricity Coatings 

SolarWindow recognizes demand for global energy requirements,
including reducing energy costs while using environmentally friendly next-generation renewables, and actively seeks to advance our novel
solar photovoltaic solutions in global adoption of new renewable technologies. 

Based on our market research, there are no commercially
marketed electricity-generating products available for sale in the United States which provide the functionality, features, esthetics,
and adaptability of LiquidElectricity Coatings. Our markets include building window and glass applications, referred to as architectural
flat glass and fabricated glass products. Flat glass is extensively used in the architecture industry in applications
such as windows, partitions, and facades. One third-party glass industry report, published in February 2022, by Grandview Research, Inc.,
projects that the global flat glass market was 273.43 billion in 2021 and is expected to reach 400.38 billion by 2030, growing at a
revenue-based compounded annual growth rate CAGR of 4.3 . 

We are also targeting applications for our LiquidElectricity 
Coatings in automotive, light and commercial trucks, recreational vehicles, marine, and aerospace and defense sectors, among others. We
believe that the rising demand for electric propulsion and autonomous piloting in these segments presents a timely opportunity for our
electricity-generating technologies. 

Additionally, the agrivoltaics market for our electricity-generating
coatings includes the smart greenhouse market, projected to reach 11 billion by 2032 with a growth rate of 11.7 annually from 2023 to
2032, driven in part by rising food demand due to growing populations and by government initiatives to develop smart farming, according
to reports by Precedence Research issued in August 2023 and Research Markets issued in April 2023. In addition to these smart greenhouses
which monitor and control the growth condition of plants and optimize the growing process of the plants, we believe that conventional
greenhouse structures, both new and existing, present commercial opportunities for the application of SolarWindow to these structures. 

We believe that our addressable markets in each of
the forgoing segments, although fractional may nevertheless present viable commercial opportunities. Our ability to successfully address
these markets is also dependent on our ability to effectuate development and commercial partnerships as well as securing adequate financing
as needed. 

3 

Our Competitive Strengths 

We believe that the following strengths of our LiquidElectricity Coatings
and technologies should enable us to compete successfully in the alternative and renewable energy industries: 

Performance in Natural and Artificial Light - We propose unique solutions for harvesting the light energy of natural and artificial
light sources to generate sustainable electricity; 

Works on Glass and Plastics - Our LiquidElectricity Coatings are capable of generating electricity on flat glass and flexible
glass and plastics; and 

Cost Effective - Our LiquidElectricity Coatings are engineered for manufacturing using earth abundant materials at a low
price point and are suited for high-throughput manufacturing. 

Our Business Strategy 

Our commercial development efforts include seeking
opportunities for intellectual property in-licensing, out-licensing, cross-licensing, and acquisition. We also seek technology, product
licensing and joint venture arrangements with research institutions, commercial partners, manufacturing and fabrication facilities, and
organizations with established technical competencies, market reach, and distribution networks in targeted industries. Key elements of
our business strategy to implement the forgoing include: 

Strategic Commercial Partnerships We pursue commercial partnerships to enable productization,
manufacturing, and marketing of our technologies and products. Our target partnerships include supply chain glass, plastics, window, automotive,
greenhouse manufacturing and other related companies; 

Innovative Research and Continuous Product and Technology Enhancement - We seek partnerships with
product development groups, manufacturers of specialty chemicals, advanced-manufacturing companies, and others with proven technology
expertise and developing additional applications and markets for LiquidElectricity Coatings. We are currently working with scientists
at NREL for the ongoing development of our coatings and applications processes, including high-speed roll-to-roll manufacturing processes
development. We work to engage additional firms and institutions with important technical and product development competencies as needed;
and 

Management Team Development Augment our management team with experienced and effective
talent in order to, among other competencies, advance our product development and innovation programs, monetize and leverage our intellectual
property, develop and implement sales and marketing plans, enhance the Company s brand positioning in industry and capital markets,
and raise capital in order to effectuate our business plan. 

Competition for Our Technology and Products 

The Solar photovoltaic industry is highly competitive
and such competition is increasing as the number of participants in the industry continues to grow. Although we are not aware of other
products utilizing technology substantially similar to our technology, numerous solar cell technologies have been developed, or are being
developed, by a number of companies, from which products may be derived and ultimately compete with our products. 

Such technologies include, but are not necessarily
limited to, the use of organic materials, advanced crystalline silicon thin film concepts, amorphous silicon, cadmium telluride, copper-indium-gallium-selenide,
titanium dioxide, and copper indium di-selenide, and others to generate electricity from sunlight. Given sufficient time, investment and
advances in manufacturing technologies, any of these competing technologies may achieve lower manufacturing costs, superior performance,
or greater market acceptance than our products, currently under development. Among the companies purporting to be developing such technologies,
are ONYX Solar, Next Energy Technologies, Solarmer Organic Optoelectronics Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd., Ubiquitous Energy, Heliatek,
Sunew Filmes Fotovoltaicos Impressos S.A. and ASCA GmbH. 

4 

We face competition from many companies, major universities
and research institutions in the United States and abroad. Many of these companies, universities and research institutions have substantially
greater resources, experience in conducting research, experience in obtaining regulatory approvals for their products, operating experience,
research and development and marketing capabilities name recognition and production capabilities. We will face competition from companies
marketing existing products or developing new products which may render our technologies (and hence future products) obsolete. 

These companies, universities and research institutions may have numerous
competitive advantages, including: 

Significantly greater name recognition; 

established distribution networks; 

more advanced technologies and product development; 

additional lines of products, and the ability to offer rebates, higher discounts or incentives to gain a competitive advantage; 

processes that are operational and manufacturing prototype or final products; 

greater experience in conducting research and development, manufacturing, obtaining regulatory approval for products, and marketing
approved products; and 

significantly greater financial and human resources for product development, sales and marketing, and patent litigation. 

If our competitors were to: 

succeed in developing products that are more effective in producing electrical energy at a lower cost than our technology, some or
all of our products or our technology could be rendered obsolete and non-competitive; 

succeed in bringing their products or services to market earlier than ours, our ability to commercialize
our products may be adversely affected, which in turn may impede or limit our ability to generate revenues and achieve profitability.
See Risk Factors . 

Accordingly, in addition to our research and development
efforts, historically, we have undertaken public relations, advertising, and market access outreach programs designed to establish our
 brand name recognition early on in our corporate development; we intend to continue to develop and market our brand name
pending commercialization of products, if any, we may derive from our research and development efforts. We believe our strategy ultimately
will facilitate development and commercialization partnerships, the marketing, distribution and public acceptance of any products derived
from our research and development efforts, and assist in attracting equity capital, if and when needed. 

Our competitive position in the market will also depend
on: 

our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, to obtain patent protection, develop proprietary
products and processes, protect our intellectual property rights, and to secure sufficient capital resources required during the often-substantial
period between technology development and commercial sales; and 

the timing of market introduction of any products utilizing our LiquidElectricity Coatings. Accordingly,
the speed with which we can develop products, complete safety approvals, and ultimately supply commercial quantities of any products we
develop to the market is important. 

In addition to the foregoing, ultimately, our commercial
success will depend on our ability and the ability of our manufacturing partners, licensee or sub-licensees, if any, to compete effectively
in product development areas such as, but not limited to safety, reliability, availability, price, marketing, distribution and patent
position. 

5 

Intellectual Property 

The success of our business depends, in part, on our
ability to pursue, maintain and protect our proprietary technologies, information, processes, and know-how. We rely primarily on patent,
trademark, copyright and trade secrets laws in the U.S. and similar laws in other countries, confidentiality agreements and procedures
and other contractual arrangements to protect our technologies and products. Periodically, we evaluate our intellectual property portfolio
to understand where various assets fit into corporate interest and goals, and accordingly, our intellectual property holdings may increase
or decrease. 

As of the date of the Annual Report, our proprietary
technologies are the subject of over two hundred and seventy (270) patent claims in various countries, including nine (9) granted United
States patents, eight (8) granted patents in non-U.S. jurisdictions, and twelve (12) U.S. and eighteen (18) non-U.S. pending patent applications.
If maintained to their full term our issued patents are scheduled to expire on various dates between January 2030 and April 2040. These
dates are subject to change depending on the Company s current and future patent application filings and the Company s discretion
to maintain its various intellectual property assets in accordance with its corporate interests and goals. We continually assess opportunities
to seek patent protection for those aspects of our technology, designs, and methodologies and processes that we believe may provide us
with significant competitive advantages or additional commercial opportunities. Some aspects of LiquidElectricity 
Coatings and related processes, technologies and products involve proprietary trade secrets of the Company. 

Twenty (20) trademark registrations and applications
have been filed for the Company s use in commerce. 

We believe that many elements of LiquidElectricity 
Coatings and related processes, technologies and products involve proprietary know-how, technology, or data that are not covered by patents
or patent applications, including but not limited to technical processes, equipment, design architecture, algorithms, and procedures.
Accordingly, we rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to safeguard our interests with respect to proprietary
know-how that is not patentable and processes for which patents are difficult to enforce. 

The Company s commercial success depends in
part on its ability to obtain intellectual property protection of its innovations and designs, to protect its trade secrets, and to conduct
business without infringing the intellectual property rights of others. 

Government Regulation 

Our technology may be subject to certain government
regulations and standards. Our ability to remain viable will depend on favorable government decisions at various stages of the technology s
development by various agencies. From time to time, legislation is introduced that could significantly change the statutory or regulatory
provisions governing our research and product development processes, as well as approval of the manufacturing and marketing of any products
derived from such research and development activities. 

The production and marketing of our technology derived
products would be subject to existing and future safety health regulations and standards in the United States and South Korea. 

Current safety health requirements and standards
for electrical products can include, but may not be limited to, Occupational Safety and Health Administration regulations, National Electrical
Code as approved as an American National Standard by the American National Standards Institute or ANSI/NFPA-70, certification by Underwriters
Laboratories and the Society of Automotive Engineers, and compliance with State, Federal, and local building codes. These regulations
are subject to change, and our ability to remain viable is contingent upon successfully satisfying regulatory requirements as stipulated
by these agencies and/or others as the development of our technology evolves. We may be additionally required to comply with similar regulations
and standards in South Korea. 

Employees and Consultants 

The Company utilizes the services of full-time employees
as well as part-time employees and consultants on a contract basis. As of the date of this annual report, the Company has one (1) full-time
employee, two (2) part-time employees, one (1) full-time consultant and one (1) part-time consultant all located in the United States. 

6 

From time to time, the Company grants stock options
to employees and consultants either pursuant to contract requirements or on a discretionary basis. None of our employees are covered by
a collective bargaining agreement. We believe our relations with our employees are good. 

Other Information 

Our website address is www.solarwindow.com. We
make available free of charge through our website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on
Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably
practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The information accessible through our website
is not a part of this annual report. 

The public may also read and copy any materials we
file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov which site
contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, such as us, that file electronically with
the SEC. All statements made in any of our filings, including all forward-looking statements, are made as of the date of the document(s)
in which the statement is included, and we do not assume or undertake any obligation to update any of those statements or documents unless
we are required to do so by law. 

Our executive office is located at 9375 E Shea Blvd.,
Suite 107-B, Scottsdale AZ 85260. Our telephone number is (800) 213-0689; our email is info@solarwindow.com. Our website is www.solarwindow.com.
Information contained on our web site (or any other website) does not constitute part of this annual report. 

Our research and development activities are conducted
at the U.S. Department of Energy s National Renewable Energy Laboratories in Golden, Colorado pursuant to a Cooperative Research
and Development Agreement. 

Stockholder Communications 

Stockholders who wish to communicate with the Board
may do so by addressing their correspondence to the Board at SolarWindow Technologies, Inc., Attention: Mr. Amit Singh, 9375 E Shea Blvd.,
Suite 107-B, Scottsdale AZ 85260. The Board will review and respond to all correspondence received, as appropriate. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Risk Factors 

The following risk factors and the forward-looking
statements elsewhere in this annual report should be read carefully in connection with evaluating the business of the Company. A
wide range of events and circumstances could materially affect our overall performance and our results of operations, and therefore, an
investment in us is subject to risks and uncertainties. In addition to the important factors affecting specific business operations and
the financial results of those operations identified elsewhere in this annual report, the following important factors, among others, could
adversely affect our operations. While each risk is described separately below, some of these risks are interrelated and it is possible
that certain risks could trigger the applicability of other risks described below. Also, the risks and uncertainties described below are
not the only ones that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that are currently deemed immaterial,
could also potentially impair our overall performance, the performance of particular businesses and our results of operations. These risk
factors may be amended, supplemented, or superseded from time to time in filings and reports that we file with the SEC in the future. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and Need
for Additional Financing 

We have not generated any revenues and have
experienced significant losses to date and we expect to continue incur losses for the foreseeable future. Consequently, we will require
additional financing in the future to maintain and expand operations into advanced stages of product development and fabrication, and
failure to obtain such financing would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. 

7 

We have experienced and continue to experience negative
cash flows from operations. We have not generated any revenue since inception and do not expect to generate any substantial amounts of
revenue for the foreseeable future. We had a net loss of 4,948,533 and 7,907,902 for our fiscal years ended August 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. As of August 31, 2022, we had cash of 8,077,849 and working capital of 8,244,103. Based on management s assessment,
the Company has sufficient cash to meet its current funding requirements over the next twelve months following the date of this annual
report, to meet our projected product development and fabrication goals during this period. However, our current cash reserves may not
be sufficient to permit us to maintain or expand our operations beyond this period. 

We are currently in the advanced stages of our research
and early stages of product development and have come to the point where larger, faster, and more precise equipment is necessary for development
to continue and to be able to come to market with a commercially viable product. We expect that we will need to raise substantial additional
capital to accomplish our manufacturing and product sales objectives in future years. 

We anticipate seeking additional funding through financial
or strategic investors. If adequate funds are not available on reasonable terms, or at all, it would result in a material adverse effect
our business, operating results, financial condition, intellectual property and prospects. In particular, the Company may be required
to delay; reduce the scope of or terminate its research and development programs; abandon its pursuit of filed but unissued patents; sell
rights to its technology or other technologies or products based upon these technologies; or license the rights to these technologies
or products on terms that are less favorable to us than might otherwise be available. 

If we raise additional funds by issuing equity or
debt securities, further dilution to stockholders may result and new investors could have rights superior to existing stockholders. 

Because we cannot currently estimate the amount
of funds or time required to commercialize our technologies, even if financing is available to us, we may secure less funding than is
actually required to effectuate our business plan. 

As noted above, we are currently in the advanced stages
of our research and early stages of product development. We have come to the point where larger, faster, and more precise equipment is
necessary for all facets of technology and product development to continue and to be able to come to market with a commercially viable
product. We, however, cannot accurately predict the amount of funding or the time required to successfully commercialize our technology.
The actual cost and time required to commercialize these technologies may vary significantly depending on, among other things, the results
of our research and product development efforts; the cost of developing, acquiring, or licensing various enabling technologies, changes
in the focus and direction of our research and product development programs; competitive and technological advances; the cost of filing,
prosecuting, defending and enforcing claims with respect to patents; the regulatory approval process; process manufacturing; marketing
and other costs associated with commercialization of these technologies. Because of this uncertainty, even if financing is available to
us, we may secure insufficient funding to effectuate our business plan. 

To obtain required financing as, if and when
needed, we may enter into transactions that may dilute the ownership interest of our current stockholders. 

In order to raise sufficient capital to meet its financial
obligations, we may enter into financing transactions that would result in dilution of the ownership interests of our current stockholders
or which may involve the sale of our securities at prices that are at a discount to current market price of our stock as reported on the
Pink market. Such sales will be made at prices determined by our Board based on factors deemed appropriate at the time; accordingly, such
sales by us could be made at prices less than the price of the shares of our common stock purchased, in which case, investors could experience
dilution of their investment. 

8 

Adverse conditions in the alternative energy
industry or the global economy generally could have adverse effects on our results of operations and consequently the price of our common
stock. 

Our business is exposed to significant financial risks,
most of which are beyond our control, related to interest rates, State Federal subsidies, the modified accelerated cost recovery
system, taxes, and general economic conditions both domestic and internationally. These risks may affect our ability to effect (i) borrowings
or to raise capital through the offer and sale of equity-based securities and (ii) the execution of our business plan and product commercialization
efforts by thwarting consumer demand for our products, and thereby adversely impacting our potential revenue and profitability. 

An increase in raw material prices could have
negative consequences for our long-term profitability. 

We face exposure to fluctuations in energy, raw materials,
chemicals, and glass and plastic film prices. If we are not able to hedge, compensate or pass on our increased costs through a supply
chain or to customers, this could have an adverse impact on our financial results and stability, and deployment of our products. 

Risks Related to Our Technology, Products and Operations 

The development of our technology is subject
to the risks of failure inherent in the development of any novel technology . 

Ultimately, the development and commercialization
of our technology is subject to a number of risks that are particular to the development and commercialization of any novel technology.
These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

our research and development efforts may not produce a commercially viable product; 

we may not be able to develop an industrial process required to manufacture a commercial product; 

we may fail to maintain license rights to the SolarWindow technology (or any of its derivatives); 

we may fail to develop, acquire, or license various enabling technologies that may be integral to the
commercialization of the SolarWindow (or any of its derivatives); 

we may fail to integrate our process into an industrial setting for the manufacturing of products; 

our technology (or any of its derivatives) may ultimately prove to be ineffective, unsafe or otherwise
fail to receive necessary regulatory or safe operating approvals; 

our technology (or any of its derivatives), even if safe and effective, may be difficult to manufacture
on a large scale or be uneconomical to market; 

our marketing license or proprietary rights to products derived from our technology may not be sufficient
to protect our products from competitors; 

the proprietary rights of third parties may preclude us or our collaborators from making, using or marketing
products utilizing our technology; or, 

third parties may market superior, more effective, or less expensive technologies or products having comparable
performance and appearance characteristics to the LiquidElectricity Coatings (or any of its derivatives). 

The success of our research and development
activities is uncertain. If such efforts are not successful, we will be unable to generate revenues from our operations and we may have
to cease doing business. 

Commercialization of our technology will require significant
further research, development, and testing as we must ascertain whether our technology can form the basis for a commercially viable technology
or product. If our research and development fails to prove the commercial viability of our technology, we may need to abandon our business
model and/or cease doing business, in which case our shares may have no value and you may lose your investment. We anticipate remaining
engaged in technology and product development for the foreseeable future. 

If we ultimately do not obtain the necessary
regulatory and safe operation approvals for the commercialization of our technology, we will not achieve profitable operations and your
investment may be lost. 

In order to commercialize our technology, we may need
to obtain regulatory approval from various local, state, federal or international agencies; or approval from global safety certifying
organizations that will certify safe operation of our products. At this time, we do not have a product to be submitted for regulatory
or safe operating approval. The process for obtaining these approvals may be time consuming and costly, and there is no guaranty that
we will be able to obtain such approvals. The failure to obtain any necessary approvals could delay or prevent us from achieving revenue
or profitability, which could result in the partial or total loss of your investment. 

9 

We are operating in a highly fragmented and
competitive market and our competitors have several competitive advantages over us. 

Our commercial success will depend on our ability
to compete effectively in product development areas such as, but not limited to, building integration, safety, efficacy, ease of use,
customer compliance, price, marketing and distribution. Our competitors may succeed in developing products that are more effective than
any products derived from our research and development efforts or that would render such products obsolete and non-competitive. The alternative
and renewable energy industry is characterized by intense competition, rapid product development and technological change. 

Most of the competition that we encounter is expected
to come from companies, research institutions and universities who are researching and developing technologies and products similar to,
or are competitive with, any technology we may develop. 

These companies, research institutions and universities
may have several competitive advantages over us, including: 

Significantly greater name recognition; 

established distribution networks; 

more advanced technologies and product development; 

additional lines of products, and the ability to offer rebates, higher discounts or incentives to gain a competitive advantage; 

processes that are operational and manufacturing prototype or final products; 

greater experience in conducting research and development, manufacturing, obtaining regulatory approval for products, and marketing
approved products; and 

significantly greater financial and human resources for product development, sales and marketing, and patent litigation. 

As a result, we may not be able to compete effectively
against these companies or their products. 

Any products developed from our technology will
face competition from other companies producing solar power and/or energy harvesting or storage products. 

The solar power market is intensely competitive and
rapidly evolving. Some of our competitors are better capitalized, have more employees, and have established market positions than SolarWindow.
There are a number of companies that produce solar power and alternative energy products, which may be competitive with those that we
are seeking to develop. Additionally, some of our competitors may be developing or currently producing products based on new solar power
and alternative energy technologies that may have a cost basis similar to, or lower than, our projected product costs. 

Accordingly, If we fail to attract and retain customers
and establish a successful distribution network for our products, we may be unable to achieve adequate sales and market share; or, if
our competitors products, services or technologies become more accepted than ours, or if they are successful in bringing their
products or services to market earlier than us our revenues could be adversely affected. 

As noted above, some
of our current and potential competitors have significantly greater resources and better competitive positions in certain markets than
we do. These factors may allow our competitors to respond more effectively than us to new or emerging technologies and changes in market
requirements. Our competitors may develop products, features, or services that are similar to ours or that achieve greater market acceptance,
may undertake more far-reaching and successful product development efforts or marketing campaigns, or may adopt more aggressive pricing
policies. See Our Business . 

10 

Mergers of, or other strategic transactions
by, our competitors could weaken our competitive position or reduce our revenue. 

If one or more of our competitors
were to merge or partner with another of our competitors, the change in the competitive landscape could adversely affect our ability to
compete effectively. A potential result of such expansion is that certain of our current or potential competitors may be acquired by third
parties with greater available resources and the ability to further invest in product improvements and initiate or withstand substantial
price competition. Our competitors also may establish or strengthen cooperative relationships with our current or future value-added resellers,
third-party consulting firms or other parties with whom we have relationships, thereby limiting our ability to promote our products. Disruptions
in our business caused by these events could reduce our revenue. 

Technological changes could render our products
uncompetitive or obsolete, which could prevent us from achieving market share and sales. 

Our failure to refine or advance our technologies,
and to develop and introduce new products could cause our products to become uncompetitive or obsolete, which could prevent us from achieving
market share and sales. The alternative and renewable energy industry is rapidly evolving and highly competitive. We will need to invest
significant financial resources in additional technology research development, and product development to keep pace with technological
advances in the industry and to compete in the future; we may be unable to secure such financing. We believe that a variety of competing
solar and alternative or renewable energy technologies may be in development by other companies that could result in lower manufacturing
costs and/or higher product performance than those expected for our products. Our development efforts may be hindered or rendered obsolete
by the technological advances of others, and other technologies may prove more advantageous for the commercialization of transparent electricity-generating
products. 

To the extent we can develop and commercialize
products, if such products do not gain market acceptance, we may not achieve sales and market share. 

The development of a successful market for our products
may be adversely affected by a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: 

customer, architectural and engineering acceptance of our products; 

our failure to produce products that compete favorably against other alternative or renewable energy,
or solar-photovoltaic power products on the basis of cost, quality, durability, reliability, and performance; 

our failure to produce products that compete favorably against conventional energy sources and distributed-generation
technologies on the basis of cost, quality and performance; 

our failure to qualify for and secure government grants, tax incentives and any other financial subsidies
that may be available to consumers for the implementation of alternative or renewable energy technologies such as solar systems at such
time as our products become available for commercial sale, and which potential customers for our products may reasonably expect; and 

our failure to develop and maintain successful partnerships with manufacturers, distributors, and other
resellers, as well as strategic partners. 

If our products fail to gain market acceptance, we
will be unable to achieve sales, market share, or profitability. 

If organic solar photovoltaic light energy harvesting
technologies are not suitable for widespread adoption or sufficient demand for such products does not develop or takes longer to develop
than we anticipate, we may not be able to profitably exploit our technology. 

The market for OPV solar-energy related products is
emerging and rapidly evolving, and the market for energy harvesting products is generally unproven and not well established. The success
of products for these markets is uncertain. 

If our OPV solar power or light energy harvesting
technologies prove unsuitable for widespread commercial deployment or if demand for such power products fails to develop sufficiently,
we would be unable to achieve sales and market share. In addition, demand for such products in the markets and geographic regions we target
may not develop or may develop more slowly than we anticipate. Many factors will influence the widespread adoption of organic solar photovoltaic
light energy capture and conversion products, including: 

11 

cost-effectiveness of such technologies as compared with conventional and competitive alternative or renewable
energy technologies; 

performance, durability, and reliability of such products as compared with conventional and competitive
alternative energy products; 

success of other alternative or renewable energy technologies such as hydrogen fuel cells, wind turbines,
bio-diesel generators, and solar thermal technologies; 

public concern regarding energy security, the potential risks that may be associated with global warming,
the environmental and social impacts of fossil fuel extraction and use; 

fluctuations in economic and market conditions that impact the viability of conventional and competitive
alternative or renewable energy generating products; 

fluctuations in the prices of fossil fuels or their derivatives; 

capital expenditures by customers, which tend to decrease when domestic or foreign economies slow; 

potential deregulation of the electric power industry and broader energy industry initiatives; and 

availability of government, state, feed-in tariff, and other financial subsidies and incentives. 

Our growth and success depend on our ability
to develop new products and services and adapt to market and customer needs. 

The sectors in which we operate experience rapid and
significant changes due to the introduction of innovative technologies. Introducing new technology products and innovative services, which
we must do on an ongoing basis to meet customers' needs, requires a significant commitment to research and development, which may not
result in success. The company is pre-revenue and may suffer if it invests in technologies that do not function as expected or are not
accepted in the marketplace; its products, systems or service offers are not brought to market in a timely manner; or products become
obsolete or are not responsive to our customers' needs or requirements. 

Our business model and strategy are based on
growth through in-licensing, out-licensing, cross-licensing, acquisitions, joint ventures, and mergers that may be difficult to execute. 

Our business model and strategy are based on growth
through in-licensing, out-licensing, cross-licensing, acquisitions, joint ventures and mergers. External growth transactions are inherently
risky because of the difficulties that may arise in integrating people, operations, technologies and products, and the related acquisition,
administrative and other costs. 

As noted above, we plan to make acquisitions,
which could require significant management attention, disrupt our business, result in dilution to our stockholders, and adversely affect
our financial results. 

As part of our business strategy, we intend to make
acquisitions to add specialized employees, complementary companies, products, or technologies. However, we have not made any acquisitions
to date, and, as a result, our ability to acquire and integrate larger or more significant companies, products, or technologies in a successful
manner is unproven . In the future, we may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates, and we may not be able to complete
acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all. Any acquisitions that we consummate may not achieve our goals, and could be viewed negatively
by investors. In addition, if we fail to successfully integrate any acquisitions, or the technologies associated with such acquisitions,
into our company, the revenue and operating results of the combined company could be adversely affected. Any integration process may require
significant time and resources, and we may not be able to manage the process successfully. We may not successfully evaluate or utilize
the acquired technology or personnel, or accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition transaction, including accounting
charges. We may have to pay cash, incur debt, or issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition, any of which could adversely
affect our financial results. The sale of equity or issuance of debt to finance any such acquisitions could result in dilution to our
stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed obligations and could also include covenants or other restrictions
that would impede our ability to manage our operations. 

12 

We may be the subject of product liability claims
and other adverse effects due to defective products, design faults or harm caused to persons and property. 

Our products may not operate properly or could contain
design or fabrication faults or defects, which could give rise to disputes in respect of their performance, degradation and reliability
giving rise to liability. Product liability related to defective products could lead to a loss of revenue, claims under warranty, and
legal proceedings. Such disputes could result in a fall-off in demand or harm our reputation for product performance, safety, and/or quality. 

We lack sales and marketing experience and will
likely rely on third party marketers. 

We have limited experience in sales, marketing or
distribution of photovoltaic and energy capture and conversion and generating products. We expect to market and sell or otherwise commercialize
our technology (or any of its derivatives) through distribution and supply-chain channels, co-marketing, co-promotion, or licensing arrangements
with third parties. Therefore, any revenues received by us will be dependent on the efforts of third parties. If any such parties breach
or terminate their agreements with us or otherwise fail to conduct marketing activities successfully and in a timely manner, the commercialization
of our technology (or any of its derivatives) would be delayed or terminated, which would adversely affect our ability to generate revenues
and our profitability. 

We may not be able to integrate our process
and/or technologies into a manufacturing process necessary to produce a manufacturable product. 

Without sufficient capital, human resources, the appropriate
process equipment, or required supply chain, the Company may not be capable of integrating its process and/or technologies into a manufacturing
process necessary to produce a manufacturable product. The innovation of our processes and technologies is a crucial strategic concern,
with mounting pressure to meet anticipated power, financial, and ROI and IRR for our manufacturers, or sales and distribution channels.
If we are unable to integrate our processes and/or technologies into industry, our product innovations can rapidly become obsolete. LiquidElectricity 
Coatings and related processes and supply chains are highly complex and continuously exposed to a variety of risks such as microeconomics,
macroeconomic, face geopolitical pressures, regulatory requirements, environmental risk and responsibilities, construction risk, and emerging
markets. Integration of our processes is critical to product development and revenue generation. If the process cannot be integrated into
industry, products, or brought to market in a timely manner, the Company, its potential products, and ability to operate may be threatened.
Currently, the integration of our technologies into industrial manufacturing processes is uncertain. 

While there are numerous reasons for selecting a manufacturing
partner, there is considerable risk in selecting a manufacturing partner that is the correct fit for the Company. The level and severity
of risk to the Company is associated with cost, resources and resource management, quality control, scaled production, complicated supply
chain, location, corporate culture, management philosophy, market experience, and an adaptable business model. Based on these risks, the
Company may not be able to integrate our process or technology into an existing manufacturing process with an acceptable level of risk. 

Our insurance coverage
may not be adequate to protect us from all business risks. 

We may be subject, in the
ordinary course of business, to losses resulting from products liability, accidents, acts of God, and other claims against us, for which
we may have no insurance coverage. As a general matter, the policies that we do have may include significant deductibles or self-insured
retentions, and we cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover all future losses or claims against us. A
loss that is uninsured or which exceeds policy limits may require us to pay substantial amounts, which could adversely affect our financial
condition and operating results. 

13 

Risks Related to International
Expansion 

In fiscal year 2021, we expanded our operations
to Asia with a business and corporate development operations office in the Republic of Korea, which, on January 13, 2023, the Board decided
to exit. 

In September 2020, the Company
established SolarWindow Asia Co. Ltd. (the Korean Subsidiary ), its indirectly, wholly owned South Korean subsidiary.
The Company experienced difficulties in Korea that ultimately resulted in the Board electing to shut down the Korean Subsidiary. The Company
has engaged Korea-based legal counsel and accountants to assist it in winding down the Korea operations and gathering the data necessary
to meet its financial reporting requirements. The Company may incur significant future costs related to the closure, and/or potential
unknown liabilities which may remain undisclosed by its former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Currently, the company is not able
to determine when the closure of its Korea Subsidiary will be final. 

The Company has limited experience in intellectual
property, manufacturing, regulatory compliance, and sales in international markets, which may adversely affect our business, results of
operations or financial condition should the Company pursue establishing operations in international markets. 

International expansion would
expose the Company to risks which could have a material impact on our overall operations and ultimate success. These risks, include: 

protection of intellectual property and trade secrets in foreign jurisdictions in which our US based protections
may not be generally recognized or otherwise enforceable; 

tariffs, customs, trade sanctions, trade embargoes and other barriers to importing/exporting materials
and products in a cost-effective and timely manner, or changes in applicable tariffs or custom rules; 

fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

enhanced difficulties of integrating any foreign acquisitions; 

the burden of complying with and changes in U.S. or international taxation policies; 

difficulties in staffing and managing global operations and the increased travel, infrastructure, and
legal compliance costs associated with multiple international locations; 

political, social, or economic instability; 

compliance with statutory equity requirements and management of tax consequences. 

the impact of public health epidemics on employees and the global economy, such as the coronavirus; 

difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; 

compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar laws in other jurisdictions; and 

risks related to and the burdens of complying with the legal and regulatory environment in foreign jurisdictions, including with respect
to privacy, and unexpected changes in laws, regulatory requirements, and enforcement; 

Changes in regulatory, geopolitical,
social, economic, or monetary policies and other factors, if any, may have a material adverse effect on our business in the future, or
may require us to exit a particular market or significantly modify our current business practices. Abrupt political change, terrorist
activity and armed conflict pose a risk of general economic disruption in affected countries, which could also result in an adverse effect
on our business and results of operations. 

We may expand our operations abroad where
we have limited operating experience and may be subject to increased business and economic risks that could affect our financial results. 

As we move forward with our
strategy of expanding into new markets, we may enter new international markets where we have limited or no experience in marketing, selling,
and deploying our products. Our operations and performance will become significantly more dependent on worldwide economic conditions.
Uncertainty about global economic conditions ultimately could have a material negative effect on demand for our products and services
and, accordingly, on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition to the risks inherent in doing business
internationally, as noted above, if we are unable to expand internationally and manage the complexity of our global operations successfully,
our financial results could be adversely affected. 

14 

Risks Related to Compliance with Laws and
Regulations 

Our products will be subject to environmental,
occupational safety health regulations, including but not limited to Underwriter Laboratory (UL) Certification, European Conformity
(CE) Certification, electrical codes, and other state and federal, European Union (EU), and other Country regulations dealing with, among
other matters, harmful or hazardous materials. 

Our products will be subject to extensive and increasingly
stringent environmental, occupational safety and health regulations and certifications, including but not limited to, Underwriter Laboratory
(UL) Certification, electrical codes, and other state and federal, foreign laws, regulations, and standards Laws Regulations ).
If violations of these Laws Regulations occur, whether unintentional or otherwise, we could be held liable for damages, penalties
and costs of remedial actions. These expenses or this liability could have a significant negative impact on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

These Laws Regulations could become more stringent
over time, imposing greater compliance costs, and increasing risks and penalties associated with violations. There can be no guarantee
that we will not be required to pay significant fines or compensation because of past, current, or future breaches of Laws Regulations.
This exposure exists even if we are not responsible for the breaches, in cases where they were committed in the past by companies or businesses
that were not part of ours that may be exposed to the risk of claims for breaches of these Laws Regulations. Such claims could adversely
affect our financial position and reputation and require unplanned capital investment. If we fail to conduct our business in full compliance
with the applicable Laws Regulations, the judicial or regulatory authorities could require us to conduct investigations, unplanned
capital investments, and/or implement costly curative measures. 

Our periodic and other reports filed with various
securities regulators subject us to additional compliance expense as well potential liability for any alleged violations of the securities
laws and regulations to which we are or may be subject (the Securities Laws Regulations ). 

As a public company filing periodic and other reports,
whether on a mandatory or voluntary basis, with foreign, federal, or state securities regulators (collectively, Securities Regulators ),
we incur significant accounting, legal and administrative expenses in connection with our efforts to fully comply with the Securities
Laws Regulations. This expense may increase significantly should there be any changes in the Securities Laws Regulations that
impose greater obligations or requirements on us to fully comply. Such costs may adversely impact our other operations including but not
limited to, our research and development efforts. 

Moreover, should there be a violation of the Securities
Laws Regulations, we may be subject to fines, penalties and other sanctions that could significantly impact our ability to continue
our research, product development and commercialization efforts. 

Risks Related to our Intellectual Property 

Our ability to operate profitably is directly
related to our ability to develop, protect, and perfect rights in and to our proprietary technology. 

We rely on a combination of trademark, trade secret,
nondisclosure, know-how, copyright and patent law to protect our technology, which may afford only limited protection. 

We may initiate claims or litigation against third
parties for infringement of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity, scope or enforceability of our proprietary rights. Any
such claims could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, or force us to enter into royalty or license agreements rather than
dispute the merits of such claims, requiring us to pay royalties and/or license fees to third parties. There is always a risk that patents,
if issued, may be subsequently invalidated, either in whole or in part and this could diminish or extinguish protection for any technology
we may license or may adversely affect our ability to fully commercialize our technologies. 

We generally require our employees, consultants, advisors
and collaborators to execute appropriate agreements with us, regarding the confidential information developed or made known to such persons
during the course of their engagement by us. These agreements provide that any proprietary technologies developed during such engagement
are owned by us and that confidential information pertaining to such technologies will be kept confidential and not disclosed to third
parties except in specific circumstances. These agreements also provide for the assignment to us by any such person of any patents issued
with respect to any such technologies. If these provisions are breached, we may not be able to fully perfect our rights to the technologies
in question, and in some instances, we may not have an appropriate remedy available for the damages that we may incur because of any such
breach. 

15 

Our proprietary rights may not adequately protect
our technologies and products. 

Our commercial success will depend, in part, on our
ability to obtain patents and/or maintain adequate protection for our technologies and products in the United States and other countries.
We will be able to protect our proprietary rights from unauthorized use by third parties only to the extent that our proprietary technologies
and products are covered by valid and enforceable patents or are effectively maintained as trade secrets. 

We intend to apply for additional patents for our
technologies, applications, processes, and products, as we deem appropriate. We may, however, fail to apply for patents on important technologies,
products, or processes in a timely manner, if at all. Our existing patents and any future patents we obtain may not be sufficiently broad
to prevent others from practicing our technologies or from developing competing products, processes, or technologies. In addition, the
patent positions of alternative energy technology companies are highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions for which
important legal principles and regulations or policies remain unresolved. As a result, the validity and enforceability of our patents
cannot be predicted with certainty. In addition, we cannot guarantee that: 

we were the first to make the inventions covered by each of our issued patents and pending patent applications; 

we were the first to file patent applications for these inventions; 

we are unable to reduce an invention to fabrication and product practice required for formation beyond
conception; 

others will not independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies; 

any of our pending patent applications will result in issued patents; 

any of our patents will be valid or enforceable; 

any patents issued to us will provide us with any competitive advantages, or will not be challenged by
third parties; and 

we will develop additional proprietary technologies, products, or processes that are patentable, or the
patents of others will not have an adverse effect on our business. 

The actual protection afforded by a patent varies
on a product-by-product basis, from country to country and depends on many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage,
the availability of regulatory related extensions, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability
of the patents. Our ability to maintain and solidify our proprietary position for our products will depend on our success in obtaining
effective claims and enforcing those claims once granted. Our issued patents and those that may be issued in the future, or those licensed
to us, may be challenged, invalidated, unenforceable or circumvented, and the rights granted under any issued patents may not provide
us with proprietary protection or competitive advantages against competitors with similar products. We also rely on trade secrets to protect
some of our technology, especially where it is believed that patent protection is inappropriate or unobtainable. However, trade secrets
are difficult to maintain. While we use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets, our employees, consultants, contractors, or scientific
and other advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose our proprietary information to competitors. Enforcement of claims that a
third party has illegally obtained and is using trade secrets is expensive, time consuming and uncertain. In addition, non-U.S. courts
are sometimes less willing than U.S. courts to protect trade secrets. If our competitors independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods,
and know-how, we may not be able to assert our trade secrets against them and our business could be harmed. 

16 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual
property rights throughout the world. 

Filing, prosecuting, and defending patents on all
our products in every jurisdiction would be prohibitively expensive. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have
not obtained patent protection to develop their own products. These products may compete with our products and may not be covered by any
patent claims or other intellectual property rights. 

The laws of some foreign countries do not protect
intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and many companies have encountered significant problems
in protecting and defending such rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing
countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, which could make it difficult for us to
stop the infringement of our patents. Proceedings to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial cost
and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. 

If we fail to protect our intellectual property
rights, our competitors may take advantage of our ideas and compete directly against us. 

Our success will depend, to a significant degree,
on our ability to secure and protect intellectual property rights and enforce patent and trademark protections relating to our technology.
While we believe that the protection of patents and trademarks is important to our business, we also rely on a combination of copyright,
trade secret, nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements, know-how and continuing technological innovation to maintain our competitive
position. From time to time, litigation may be advisable to protect our intellectual property position. However, these legal means afford
only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. Any litigation
in this regard could be costly, and it is possible that we will not have sufficient resources to fully pursue litigation or to protect
our intellectual property rights. This could result in the rejection or invalidation of our existing and future patents. Any adverse outcome
in litigation relating to the validity of our patents, or any failure to pursue litigation or otherwise to protect our patent position,
could materially harm our business and financial condition. In addition, confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, customers,
and key vendors may not prevent the unauthorized disclosure or use of our technology. It is possible that these agreements will be breached
or that they will not be enforceable in every instance, and that we will not have adequate remedies for any such breach. Enforcement of
these agreements may be costly and time consuming. Furthermore, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property
rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States of America. 

We may be accused of infringing the intellectual
property rights of others. 

We cannot guarantee that we will not become the subject
of infringement claims or legal proceedings by third parties with respect to our current or future technological developments. Any such
claims could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation and could ultimately lead to a determination that our technology, or any of
its derivatives, infringe on a third party's patent rights. 

We may need to curtail or cease operations if,
in the future, we are unable to obtain additional licenses pursuant to our collaborative development agreements required to maintain our
rights to market products, if any, developed by us . 

We may not retain all rights to developments, inventions,
patents and other proprietary information resulting from any collaborative arrangements, whether in effect as of the date hereof or which
may be entered into at some future time with third parties. As a result, we may be required to license such developments, inventions,
patents or other proprietary information from such third parties, possibly at significant cost to us. Our failure to obtain and maintain
any such licenses could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of our operations. In particular,
the failure to obtain a license could prevent us from using or commercializing our technology. 

Our proprietary rights may not adequately protect
our technologies and products. 

Our commercial success will depend, in part, on
our ability to obtain patents and/or regulatory exclusivity and maintain adequate protection for our technologies and products in the
United States of America and other countries. We will be able to protect our proprietary rights from unauthorized use by third parties
only to the extent that our proprietary technologies and products are covered by valid and enforceable patents or are effectively maintained
as trade secrets. 

17 

We intend to apply for additional patents covering
both our technologies and products, as we deem appropriate. We may, however, fail to apply for patents on important technologies or products
in a timely fashion, if at all. Our existing patents and any future patents we obtain may not be sufficiently broad to prevent others
from practicing our technologies or from developing competing products and technologies. In addition, the patent positions of alternative
energy technology companies are highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions for which important legal principles
remain unresolved. As a result, the validity and enforceability of our patents cannot be predicted with certainty. In addition, we cannot
guarantee that: 

we were the first to make the inventions covered by each of our issued patents and pending patent applications; 

we were the first to file patent applications for these inventions; 

others will not independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies; 

any of our pending patent applications will result in issued patents; 

any of our patents will be valid or enforceable; 

any patents issued to us will provide us with any competitive advantages, or will not be challenged by
third parties; and 

we will develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable, or the patents of others will
not have an adverse effect on our business. 

The actual protection afforded by a patent varies
on a product-by-product basis, from country to country and depends on many factors, including the type of patent, the scope of its coverage,
the availability of regulatory related extensions, the availability of legal remedies in a particular country and the validity and enforceability
of the patents. Our ability to maintain and solidify our proprietary position for our products will depend on our success in obtaining
effective claims and enforcing those claims once granted. Our issued patents and those that may be issued in the future, or those licensed
to us, may be challenged, invalidated, unenforceable or circumvented, and the rights granted under any issued patents may not provide
us with proprietary protection or competitive advantages against competitors with similar products. We also rely on trade secrets to protect
some of our technology, especially where it is believed that patent protection is inappropriate or unobtainable. However, trade secrets
are difficult to maintain. While we use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets, our employees, consultants, contractors or scientific
and other advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose our proprietary information to competitors. Enforcement of claims that a
third party has illegally obtained and is using trade secrets is expensive, time consuming and uncertain. In addition, foreign courts
are sometimes less willing than U.S. courts to protect trade secrets. If our competitors independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods
and know-how, we would not be able to assert our trade secrets against them and our business could be harmed. 

Risks Related to Our Personnel and Management 

We are dependent upon hiring and retaining highly
qualified management and technical personnel. 

Competition for highly qualified management, technical,
and scientific personnel Personnel is intense in our industry. Future success depends in part on our ability to
hire, assimilate and retain engineers and scientists, sales and marketing personnel, and other qualified personnel, especially in the
OPV space with focus in our technologies and products. A key risk is our ability to anticipate our needs for certain key competences and
to implement human resource solutions to recruit, hire, or improve these competences. If we are not successful in hiring and retaining
qualified Personnel, our ability to execute on our business model and strategy will be adversely affected and our ability to achieve profitability
compromised. 

18 

Due to the fact each of our three directors
conducts outside business activities and are not our employees, attention and efforts will not be focused solely on our business activities
which may hinder our achieving our business objectives. 

Currently we have three directors, none of whom provides
their full-time efforts to our business activities. While our Directors intend to devote as much time as necessary to the success and
development of our technology, each has other business interests or employment obligations requiring their time and attention. While each
has generally agreed to provide such time and attention to our business activities as may be reasonably required, there can be no assurance
that their priorities will not shift in the future and that the amount of time that each devotes to our activities will be sufficient
for us to meet our business objectives. If their outside interests begin to take precedence over their positions with the Company, our
business will suffer and may adversely impact our goal of achieving profitability through the commercialization of SolarWindow. In this
event, if effective corrective action is not taken, investors could lose all or part of their investment. 

Due to our small size each of our managers has
a significant influence on our operations and access to sensitive information, which, if a manager goes rogue, could result in significant
damage to, without limitation, the Company s operations, reputation, financial health, and security of our intellectual property. 

Due to our small size, each of our managers exercises
a significant degree of authority and influence on our operations, and has access to highly sensitive information, including related to
our intellectual property and access to the Company s assets. While the Company has implemented various operating procedures and
a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that each person affiliated with the Company is required to review and sign, the Company has no
direct control over individual persons actions can make no assurance that one of our managers will adhere to our operating procedures
or act in a manner that is consistent with our Code of Ethics. Nor can the Company provide assurance that a manager or former manager
may take deliberate action(s) to harm the Company. The potential damages that may result from these unintentional or intentional acts
could be materially adverse and result in, but not limited to, loss of capital, loss of assets, weakened intellectual property position
because of leaked information, and reputational harm. 

Risks Related To Ownership of Our Common Stock 

We are not a fully reporting company under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which we refer to as the Exchange Act; therefore, we are subject only to the reporting requirements
of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

We are not a fully reporting company under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act therefore, we are subject only to the reporting requirements
of Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Until our Common Stock is registered under the Exchange Act, we will be subject only to the reporting
obligations imposed by Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, which we refer to as Section 15(d). Section15(d) requires that issuers file
periodic and current reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission or the SEC when they have issued any class of securities for which a registration statement was filed and became effective pursuant to the Securities
Act. The purpose of Section 15(d) is to ensure that investors who buy securities in registered offerings are provided with the same information
on an ongoing basis that they would receive if the securities they purchased were listed on a securities exchange or the issuer were otherwise
subject to periodic reporting obligations. However, companies that are required to report only under Section 15(d) are not subject to
some of the Exchange Act reporting requirements. For example, companies that are required to report only under Section 15(d) are not subject
to the short-swing profit reporting requirements contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the beneficial ownership reporting requirements
contained in Section 13 of the Exchange Act, the institutional investor reporting rules or the third-party tender offer rules, or the
Exchange Act s proxy rules contained in Section 14 of the Exchange Act. 

The reporting obligations under Section15(d) of the
Exchange Act are automatically suspended when: (i) any class of securities of the issuer reporting under Section 15(d) is registered under
Section 12 of the Exchange Act; or (ii) at the beginning of the issuer s fiscal year, other than the year in which the applicable
registration statement became effective, if the class of securities covered by the registration statement is held of record by fewer than
300 persons. In the latter case, the Company would no longer be subject to periodic reporting obligations so long as the number of holders
remained below 300 unless we filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 12 of the Exchange
Act. If our obligation to file reports under Section 15(d) is suspended (other than due to our having registered our common stock under
Section 12 of the Exchange Act), then investors will have reduced visibility with respect to the Company, its financial condition, and
results of operations. 

19 

Until our Common Stock is listed on an exchange, we
expect to remain eligible for trading on the Expert Market or on another over-the-counter quotation system. In those venues, however,
an investor may find it difficult to obtain accurate quotations for our common stock. In addition, if we continue to fail to meet the
criteria set forth in SEC regulations regarding our periodic reporting, restrictions will continue to be imposed by law on broker-dealers
who sell our securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. Consequently, such regulations may deter
broker-dealers from recommending or selling our common stock, which may further affect the liquidity of your shares. This would also make
it more difficult for us to raise additional capital or attract qualified employees or partners. Please refer to Our common
stock is currently quoted on the Expert Market which may make it more difficult for you to purchase or sell shares of the Company s
Common Stock below. 

Our common stock is
not registered for trading on any national stock exchange and thus, should the price of our stock on the Expert Market fall below five
dollars per share and our net tangible assets fall below two million dollars our stock may be deemed a penny stock, in which
case, you may find it difficult to, deposit, transfer, sell or purchase the shares of our common stock in open market transactions. 

Penny stocks are those securities that
are not listed on a national securities exchange and are priced under 5. There are exclusions for securities of issuers that have net
tangible assets greater than 2 million if they have been in operation at least three years or greater than 5 million if in operation
less than three years. Securities of issuers with average revenue of at least 6 million for the last three years are also not considered
penny stocks. 

More specifically, under Rule 240.3a51-1 a
stock is excluded from the penny stock definition if it meets one of the following tests: 1) A price of over 5 per share, 2) the issuer
has Average Revenue of at least 6 million for the last 3 years, or 3) the issuer has Net Tangible Assets in excess of 2 million if the
issuer has been in continuous operations for at least 3 years or 5 million if less than 3 years. 

The value of our net tangible assets for the fiscal
years ended August 31, 2022, and 2021 was approximately 9,539,000 and 13,605,000, respectively. Accordingly, we do not believe our stock
is a penny stock. And if we continue to satisfy at least one of the foregoing exemptions, our common stock should continue to be deemed
 penny stock exempt. However, because our stock is not registered for trading on a national stock exchange should we no longer
satisfy at least one of the exemption criteria described above, our common stock would be considered a penny stock. 

The penny stock rules are designed to prevent deceptive
or manipulative practices. It provides that a broker cannot sell a penny stock to any person unless it has approved that person's account
for penny stock transactions and the broker/dealer has received in writing from customer agreement to the transaction; approving an account
includes, among other things, reviewing the customer's financial data and determining the customer's suitability, including the capability
to evaluate the risks of trading in penny stocks. Some types of transactions in penny stocks are exempt from these rules. Exempt transactions
include those with an established customer (a customer of more than one year or one who has made at least three separate penny stock purchases)
and transactions in which the customer is an institutional investor. 

In addition, the penny stock regulations require that
prior to any non-exempt buy/sell transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule proscribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock
market must be delivered by a broker-dealer to the purchaser of such penny stock. This disclosure must include the dollar amount of commissions
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative and current price quotations for our common stock. The regulations
also require that monthly statements be sent to holders of penny stock that disclose recent price information for the penny stock and
information of the limited market for penny stocks. Because of these requirements, many brokerage firms will not process transactions
involving low price stocks, especially those that come within the definition of a penny stock. Accordingly, these requirements
may adversely affect the market liquidity of our common stock. 

Should our common stock be deemed a penny stock, 
you may find it difficult to deposit, transfer, sell or purchase the shares of our common stock in open market transactions. 

20 

Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our common stock, which could depress the price
of our common stock. 

In addition to the penny stock rules
described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require a broker-dealer to have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is
suitable for that customer before recommending an investment to a customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to
their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial
status, tax status, investment objectives, and other information. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a
high probability that speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. Thus, the FINRA requirements
make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy
and sell our shares of common stock, have an adverse effect on the market for our shares of common stock, and thereby depress the per
share price of, and liquidity for, our common stock. 

As of the date of filing of this report, because
we are not current in our Securities Laws and Regulations filing obligations our stock is traded on the OTC Expert Market, which makes
it more difficult for shareholders and investors to execute buy and sell orders. 

Currently, because we are delinquent in our filing
obligations, our stock is traded on the Expert Market. The Expert Market serves broker-dealer pricing and investor best execution
needs. Quotations in Expert Market securities are restricted from public viewing. OTC Markets Group may designate securities for quoting
on the Expert Market when it is not able to confirm that the company is making current information publicly available under SEC Rule 15c2-11,
or when the security is otherwise restricted from public quoting. 

Currently our stock is not eligible for proprietary
broker-dealer quotations. All quotes in this stock reflect unsolicited customer orders. Unsolicited-Only stocks have a higher risk of
wider spreads, increased volatility, and price dislocations. Investors may have difficulty selling our stock. An initial review by a broker-dealer
under SEC Rule15c2-11 is required for brokers to publish competing quotes and provide continuous market making. 

Despite the restrictions on who can view quotations,
the Expert Market does not impose restrictions on who can trade securities. Rule 15c2-11 governs a broker s ability to submit, publish
or distribute quotations (i.e. bids and offers) in OTC securities. The Rule does not apply to the underlying transactions or the ability
of an investor or shareholder to buy or sell a security. Shareholders and investors should contact their respective brokers for information
concerning restrictions or qualifications for accessing Expert Market securities. 

There is a limited market for our common stock,
which may make it difficult for holders of our common stock to sell their stock. 

Our common stock currently trades on the Expert Market
under the symbol WNDW; there is limited and sporadic trading in our common stock. Accordingly, there can be no assurance
as to the liquidity of any markets that may develop for our common stock, the ability of the holders of our common stock to sell our common
stock, or the prices at which holders may be able to sell our common stock. Further, many brokerage firms will not process transactions
involving low price stocks, especially those that come within the definition of a penny stock. If we cease to be quoted,
holders of our common stock may find it more difficult to dispose of, or to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our common
stock, and the market value of our common stock would likely decline. 

The trading price of our common stock has been
and will likely continue to be volatile. 

The trading price of our common stock has been, and
is likely to continue to be, highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are
beyond our control. From December 31, 2019, through August 14, 2023, the stock price of our common stock has ranged from a low price on
the Expert Market of 0.01 to a high of 39.20 per share. In addition to the factors discussed in these Risk Factors 
and elsewhere in this report, factors that may cause volatility in our share price include: 

changes in projected operational and financial results; 

issuance of new or updated research or reports by securities analysts; 

21 

market rumors or press reports; 

announcements of significant transactions; 

announcements related to our stock repurchase program; 

the use by investors or analysts of third-party data regarding our business that may not reflect our actual performance; 

fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us; 

fluctuations in the trading volume of our shares, or the size of our public float relative to the total number of shares of our common
stock that are issued and outstanding; 

share price and volume fluctuations attributable to inconsistent trading volume levels of our shares; and 

general economic and market conditions. 

In addition, in recent years, broad stock market indices
in general, and smaller capitalization companies in particular, have experienced substantial price fluctuations. In a volatile market,
we may experience wide fluctuations in the market price of our common stock. These fluctuations may have a negative effect on the market
price of our common stock. Such volatile fluctuations may also make us more susceptible to possible class action lawsuits, which are often
initiated following price declines. 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish,
or cease publishing, research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business or our market, or if they change their
recommendations regarding our stock adversely, our stock price and any trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock may depend
in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business, markets, or competitors. Securities
and industry analysts do not currently, and may never, publish research on us or our business. If no securities or industry analysts commence
coverage of our company, the trading price for our stock would be negatively affected. If securities or industry analysts initiate coverage,
and one or more of those analysts downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business or our market,
our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us
regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and any trading volume to decline. 

The sale or availability for sale of substantial
amounts of our common stock could adversely affect their market price. 

Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in
the public market after the filing of a Form S-1, or the perception that these sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price
of our common stock and could materially impair our ability to raise capital through equity offerings in the future. Shares held by our
existing stockholders may be sold in the public market in the future subject to the restrictions in Rule 144 and Rule 701 under the Securities
Act. 

As of the date of this annual report, we have 53,198,399
shares of common stock outstanding. We cannot predict what effect, if any, market sales of securities held by our significant stockholders
or any other stockholder or the availability of these securities for future sale will have on the market price of our common stock. 

Adverse publicity about us and/or our brands, including
without limitation, through social media or in connection with brand damaging events and/or public perception, could negatively impact
our business. 

Negative claims, publicity or allegations made by
Securities Regulators, involving us, our board of directors, our employees and consultants, our brands, our products, services and experiences,
consumer data, or any of our key employees, or suppliers, whether arising through social media outlets or short and distort 
attacks could seriously damage our reputation and the image of our brands, regardless of whether such claims are accurate or true. 

Social media, which accelerates and potentially
amplifies the scope of negative publicity, can increase the challenges we face in attempting to respond to negative claims. Negative attention
or scrutiny on us can also possibly result in negative publicity. 

22 

Adverse publicity could also damage our reputation
and the image of our brands, undermine consumer confidence in us and reduce long-term demand for our products, even if such adverse publicity
is unfounded or not material to our operations. If our reputation, culture or image is tarnished or receives negative publicity (whether
accurate or not), then our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. 

As a smaller reporting company within the meaning
of the Securities Act, we may utilize certain modified disclosure requirements, and we cannot be certain if these reduced requirements
will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 

Generally, a smaller
reporting Company or SRC is a company that as of the last business day of its most recently completed second quarter:
(i) Had a public float of less than 250 million; or (ii) Had annual revenues of less than 100 million and either: (A) No public float;
or (B) A public float of less than 700 million. On February 28, 2022 we had a public float of 50,772,000. 

We are a SRC; and, for as
long as we continue to be a SRC, we are exempt from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to a SRC, 
including, for example, not being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and
stockholder approval of any golden parachute compensation not previously approved. We have in this annual report utilized, and we may
in future filings with the SEC continue to utilize, the modified disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies. As a
result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important and may therefore find our stock a less attractive
investment. 

The sale by our stockholders of restricted shares,
either pursuant to a resale prospectus or Rule 144, may adversely affect our ability to raise the funds we will require to effectuate
our business plan. 

As of the date of this annual report, we had 53,198,399
shares issued and outstanding, of which 35,847,241 are deemed restricted securities or control securities 
within the meaning of Rule 144. The possibility that substantial amounts of our common stock may be sold into the public market, either
under Rule 144, or pursuant to a resale registration statement, may adversely affect prevailing market prices for the common stock and
could impair our ability to raise capital in the future through the sale of equity securities because of the perception that future re-sales
could decrease our stock price and because of the availability of resale shares to those interested in investing in our common stock.
Subject to compliance with our insider trading policies to the extent applicable, sales of such restricted securities or control securities
may be made from time to time, at the discretion of the holders of such securities. We may not have knowledge of any such sales until
sometime after such sales are made. 

Kalen Capital Corporation KCC ),
a private corporation solely owned by Mr. Harmel S. Rayat, our Chairman and director, beneficially owns approximately 74.83 of our issued
and outstanding stock when giving effect to derivative securities owned by KCC. This ownership interest may preclude you from influencing
significant corporate decisions. 

As of the date of this report, Kalen Capital Holdings
LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of KCC, a private corporation solely owned by Harmel S. Rayat, beneficially owned 52,205,598 shares (inclusive
of 16,566,667 shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants), or approximately 74.83 of our outstanding common stock, on a fully
diluted basis. 

As a result, Mr. Rayat, having voting control of 35,638,931
shares of our total issued and outstanding 53,198,399 shares, can exercise significant influence over matters requiring stockholder approval,
including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, and will have significant control over our management
and policies. Mr. Rayat's interests may be different from yours. For example, he may support proposals and actions with which you may
disagree, or which are not in your interest. This concentration of ownership could delay, prevent, or cause a change in control should
Mr. Rayat sell all or a portion of his shares of our company or otherwise discourage a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control
of our company, which in turn could reduce the price of our common stock, possibly cause acceleration of vesting of outstanding options,
result in limits to the utilization of our net operating loss, and may adversely affect your investment. In addition, Mr. Rayat could
use his voting influence to maintain our existing management and Board of Directors Board in office, or support
or reject other management and Board members) proposals that are subject to stockholder approval, such as the adoption of employee stock
plans and significant unregistered and registered financing transactions. 

23 

The company may be subject to compliance with
rules requiring the adoption of certain corporate governance measures, which require control measures for related party transactions,
conflicts of interest and similar matters. 

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX ),
as well as rule changes proposed and enacted by the SEC, the New York Stock Exchange and the Nasdaq Stock Market, as a result of SOX,
require the implementation of various measures relating to corporate governance. These measures are designed to enhance the integrity
of corporate management and the securities markets and apply to securities which are listed on those exchanges or the Nasdaq Stock Market. 

A significant requirement that applies to accelerated
and large accelerated filers under SOX 404(b), but not to non-accelerated filers, is the requirement that accelerated and large accelerated
filers have an internal control over financial reporting ICFR auditor attestation. An ICFR auditor attestation requires
the independent accounting firm that prepares or issues the issuer s financial statement audit report to also attest to, and report
on, management s assessment of the effectiveness of the issuer s ICFR. SOX Section 404(b), however, exempts non-accelerated
filers from the ICFR auditor attestation requirement. As a result of our public float exceeding 75 million (prior to the rule change
described below) on February 28, 2018, for our year ended August 31, 2018, the Company was subject to SOX 404(b). As a result of the rule
change described below, The Company was not considered an accelerated filer for its fiscal year ended August 31, 2019. 

On March 12, 2020, the SEC approved amendments to
Rule 12b-2 that excludes from the definitions of accelerated filer and large accelerated filer any issuer
that is eligible to be a SRC. To be an eligible SRC that is also a non-accelerated filer, a company must have revenues of less than 100
million in the most recent fiscal year and also have a public float of less than 700 million. As a result of the recent amendments to
the definition of an SRC and the resulting increase in the thresholds in revenue and public float value, the Company is not subject to
the attest requirements of SOX 404(b). However, should our fiscal year revenues exceed 100 million, and our second quarter public float
exceed 250 million, the Company will again be subject to SOX 404(b) and the added additional professional fees and management time required
to comply SOX 404(b). 

There are options to purchase shares of our
common stock currently outstanding. 

As of August 7, 2023, we have granted options to purchase
shares of our common stock to various persons and entities, under which we could be obligated to issue up to 6,684,000 shares of our common
stock. The exercise prices of these options range from 2.32 to 8.00 per share. 6,313,000 of the options contain cashless exercise provisions.
If issued, the shares underlying these options would increase the number of shares of our common stock currently outstanding and dilute
the holdings and voting rights of our then-existing stockholders. 

There are warrants to purchase shares of our
common stock currently outstanding. 

As of August 7, 2023, we had outstanding warrants
to purchase shares of our common stock to various persons and entities, under which we could be obligated to issue up to 16,666,667 shares
of common stock with exercise price of 1.70 per share. Each of the Company s warrants outstanding entitles the holder to purchase
one share of the Company s common stock for each warrant share held. The Company s unexercised warrants may be exercised on
a cashless basis. If issued, the shares underlying these warrants would increase the number of shares of our common stock currently outstanding
and dilute the holdings and voting rights of our then-existing stockholders. 

We may issue preferred stock which may have
greater rights than our common stock. 

Our Articles of Incorporation allow our Board to issue
up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock. Currently, no shares of preferred stock are issued and outstanding. However, we can issue shares
of our preferred stock in one or more series and can set the terms of the preferred stock without seeking any further approval from the
holders of our common stock. Any preferred stock that we issue may rank ahead of our common stock in terms of dividend priority or liquidation
premiums and may have greater voting rights than our common stock. In addition, such preferred stock may contain provisions allowing it
to be converted into shares of common stock, which could dilute the value of our common stock to then current stockholders and could adversely
affect the market price, if any, of our common stock. 

24 

The Company may sell additional equity securities
in the future and your ownership interest in the Company may be diluted because of such sales. 

The Company may sell additional equity securities
to fully implement our business plan. Such sales will be made at prices determined by our Board based on factors deemed appropriate at
the time; accordingly, such sales by us could be made at prices less than the price of the shares of our common stock purchased, in which
case, investors could experience dilution of their investment. 

Our compliance with changing laws and rules
regarding corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expenses to us which, in turn, may adversely affect our
ability to continue our operations. 

Keeping abreast of, and in compliance with, changing
laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including SOX, new SEC regulations and, in the
event, we are ever approved for listing on a registered national exchange, such exchange's rules, will require an increased amount of
management attention and external resources. We intend to continue to invest all reasonably necessary resources to comply with evolving
standards, which may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating
activities to compliance activities. Our failure to adequately comply with any of these laws, regulations, standards, or rules may result
in substantial fines or other penalties and could have an adverse impact on our ongoing operations. 

Because we do not intend to pay dividends for
the foreseeable future you should not purchase our shares if you are seeking dividend income. 

We currently intend to retain future earnings, if
any, to support the development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our
payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board after considering various factors, including but not limited to
our financial condition, operating results, cash needs, growth plans and the terms of any credit agreements that we may be a party to
at the time. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only
way to realize their investment. Investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our common stock. 

Our articles of incorporation provide for indemnification
of officers and directors at our expense and limit their liability, which may result in a major cost to us and hurt the interests of our
stockholders because corporate resources may be expended for the benefit of officers and/or directors and may inhibit actions against
our officers and directors. 

Our articles of incorporation and applicable Nevada
law provide for the indemnification of our directors, officers, employees, and agents, under certain circumstances, against attorney s
fees and other expenses incurred by them in any litigation to which they become a party arising from their association with or activities
on our behalf. We will also bear the expenses of such litigation for any of our directors, officers, employees, or agents, upon such person s
promise to repay us if it is ultimately determined that any such person shall not have been entitled to indemnification. This indemnification
policy could result in substantial expenditures by us, which we will be unable to recoup. 

The provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes and
our bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. The provisions
may also have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions.
We believe that these amended and restated certificate of incorporation provisions, amended and restated bylaw provisions, indemnification
agreements and the insurance are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. 

25 

We have been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC,
indemnification for liabilities arising under federal securities laws is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and
is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemnification against these types of liabilities, other than the payment
by us of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or controlling person in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding,
is asserted by a director, officer or controlling person in connection with the securities being registered, we will (unless in the opinion
of our counsel, the matter has been settled by controlling precedent) submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction, the question whether
indemnification by us is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the final adjudication of such
issue. The legal process relating to this matter, if it were to occur, is likely to be very costly and may result in us receiving negative
publicity, either of which factors is likely to materially reduce the market and price for our common stock. 

As a consequence of Mr. Harmel S. Rayat, the
sole owner of our majority stockholder, KCC, has been named a defendant, along with RenovaCare, Inc. (a company whose majority stockholder
is also KCC) and certain other individuals in an enforcement action filed by the SEC in May 2021 (the Enforcement Action ),
the Company has and may incur ancillary legal costs . 

Although not named as a defendant in the Enforcement
Action, the Company has incurred approximately 102,000 in legal fees pertaining to counsel s privilege review of Company related
documentation that has been or may be produced to the SEC by Mr. Rayat, KCC and others in the Enforcement Action. 

Should the matter involve the Company further, the
costs, legal and otherwise, that may be incurred by the Company may increase significantly and require Company personnel to expend more
time on the matter, which could adversely affect the Company s operations and ability to secure additional financing as, when, and
if needed. 

It is the Company s understanding that each
of Mr. Rayat and RenovaCare, Inc. has denied the SEC s allegations of any wrongdoing and are, and intend to continue, defending
themselves against such allegations. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

Our corporate office is located at 9375 E. Shea Blvd.,
Suite 107-B, Scottsdale, AZ 85260. The office is provided free from rent by a shareholder. 

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not party to nor are we aware of any material
pending lawsuit, litigation or proceeding. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information for Common Stock 

Our common stock is quoted on the Expert Market under
the symbol WNDW. Our warrants to purchase common stock are not currently traded on any market. 

As of June 29, 2023, there were 100 stockholders
of record of our common stock, and the closing price of our common stock was 0.125 per share as reported on the Expert Market. Because
many of our shares of common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the
total number of stockholders represented by these record holders. 

26 

Dividend Policy 

We have not paid any dividends on our common stock
and our Board presently intends to continue a policy of retaining earnings, if any, for use in our operations. The declaration and payment
of dividends in the future, of which there can be no assurance, will be determined by the Board considering conditions then existing,
including earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other factors. The Nevada Revised Statutes prohibit us from declaring
dividends where, if after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend: 

We would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or 

Our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed
to satisfy the rights of stockholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution. 

Except as set forth above, there are no restrictions
that currently materially limit our ability to pay dividends or which we reasonably believe are likely to limit materially the future
payment of dividends on common stock. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following sets forth certain information regarding
the common stock that may be issued upon the exercise of options, warrants and other rights that have been or may be granted to employees,
directors, or consultants under all of our equity compensation plans. The 2006 Incentive Stock Option Plan (see below) was our only equity-based
compensation plan as of August 31, 2022, and expired on March 17, 2023. 

2006 Incentive Stock Option Plan (Equity Compensation Plan Approved
by Security Holders) 

On October 10, 2006, the Board adopted and approved,
and on February 7, 2011, shareholders owning a majority of our issued and outstanding stock approved, our 2006 Incentive Stock Option
Plan (the 2006 Plan that provides for the grant of stock awards, restricted stock purchase offers and stock options
to employees, directors, officers, and consultants. On February 1, 2021, the Board extended the 2006 Plan for a period of two years. On
January 13, 2023, the Board extended the 2006 Plan for two months. The 2006 Plan expired on March 17, 2023. The 2006 Plan provided for
the granting of options to purchase a maximum of 15,000,000 shares of our common stock. Stock options granted to employees under the 2006
Plan generally vest over zero to five years or as otherwise determined by the plan administrator. Stock options to purchase shares of
our common stock expire no later than ten years after the date of the grant. 

We measure all stock-based compensation awards using
a fair value method on the date of grant and recognize such expense in our financial statements over the requisite service period. We
use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to calculate the fair value of stock option grants. The Black-Scholes option pricing model
requires management to make assumptions regarding the option lives, expected volatility, and risk-free interest rates, all of which impact
the fair value of the option and, ultimately, the expense that will be recognized over the life of the option. 

The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury
yield curve in effect at the time of grant for a bond with a similar term. We do not anticipate declaring dividends in the foreseeable
future. Volatility is calculated based on the historical daily closing stock prices for the same period as the expected life of the option.
We use the simplified method for determining the expected term of our plain vanilla stock options. 

27 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 
 Equity
compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 
 6,684,000 (2) 
 4.00 
 - 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 6,684,000 
 4.00 
 - 

(1) Consists of grants under the 2006 Plan as of August 14,
2023. 

(2) Please refer to ITEM 8, Financial Statements NOTE
7 - STOCK OPTIONS, ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE, and ITEM 12. SECURITY
OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial condition and results of operations 

The following Management s Discussion and
Analysis MD A is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of SolarWindow
Technologies, Inc. The MD A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with financial statements and the accompanying
notes to the financial statements included in this Form 10-K. 

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition
and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Management
bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Overview 

We are a developer of transparent electricity-generating
coatings, and methods for their application to various materials (collectively, LiquidElectricity Coatings ).
When applied in ultra-thin layers to rigid glass, and flexible glass and plastic surfaces our LiquidElectricity Coatings transform
otherwise ordinary surfaces into photovoltaic devices capable of generating electricity from natural sun, artificial light, and low, shaded,
or reflected light conditions while maintaining transparency. 

We have overcome major technical challenges and achieved
many important milestones resulting in an expansion of the potential applications of LiquidElectricity Coatings which span multiple
industries, including architectural, automotive, agrivoltaic, aerospace, commercial transportation and marine. Our LiquidElectricity 
Coatings are under development with support from commercial contract firms and at the U.S. Department of Energy s National Renewable
Energy Laboratory, through Cooperative Research and Development Agreements. 

Research and Related Agreements 

We are a party to certain agreements related to the
development of our technology. 

Stevenson-Wydler Cooperative Research and Development Agreement with
the Alliance for Sustainable Energy 

On March 18, 2011, we entered into the NREL CRADA
with Alliance for Sustainable Energy, the operator of the NREL under its U.S. Department of Energy contract to advance the commercial
development of our technology. Under terms of the NREL CRADA, NREL researchers make use of our exclusive intellectual property IP ),
newly developed IP, and NREL s background IP in order to work towards specific product development goals, established by the Company.
Under the terms of the NREL CRADA, we agreed to reimburse Alliance for Sustainable Energy for filing fees associated with all documented,
out-of-pocket costs directly related to patent application preparation and filings, and maintenance of the patent applications. 

28 

On March 6, 2013, we entered into Phase II of our
NREL CRADA. Under the terms of the agreement, researchers will additionally work towards: 

further improving our technology efficiency and transparency; 

optimizing electrical power (current and voltage) output; 

optimizing the application of the active layer coatings and application processes which make it possible
for LiquidElectricity Coatings to generate electricity on glass surfaces; 

developing improved electricity-generating coatings by enhancing performance, processing, reliability,
and durability; 

optimizing LiquidElectricity Coating performance on flexible substrates; and 

developing high speed and large area roll-to-roll (R2R) and sheet-to-sheet (S2S) coating application methods
required for commercial-scale building integrated photovoltaic BIPV products and windows. 

On December 28, 2015, we executed another modification
to the NREL CRADA (the Modification ). Under the Modification, (i) the date of completion was extended to December
2017; and (ii) the Company and the NREL will work jointly towards achieving specific product development goals and objectives for the
purpose of preparing to commercialize our OPV-based transparent electricity-generating coatings for various applications, including BIPV,
glass and flexible plastics. 

Over the course of our collaborative research and
development efforts with the NREL under the CRADA, both parties have agreed to modifications to extend the date of completion. The Company
and NREL have entered into eleven such No Cost Time Extensions NCTE ). Under the terms of each NCTE, all terms and
conditions of the NREL CRADA remain in full force and effect without change. The current NCTE was executed on December 6, 2021, and extends
the date of completion to December 31, 2024. As of August 31, 2022, the Company had a capitalized asset balance of 153,799 related to
deferred research and development costs for advances to Alliance for Sustainable Energy for work to be performed under the NREL CRADA. 

Results of Operations 

Year ended August 31, 2022, compared to the year ended August 31, 2021 

A summary of our operating expenses for the years ended August 31, 2022
and 2021 follows: 

2022 compared to 2021 

Years Ended August 31, 
 Change 
 Percentage 

2022 
 2021 
 ) 
 Change 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Selling, general administrative 
 2,600,592 
 2,141,103 
 459,489 
 21 
 
 Research and development 
 1,002,398 
 1,006,796 
 (4,398 
 - 
 
 Stock compensation 
 1,024,162 
 4,787,998 
 (3,763,836 
 -79 
 
 Total Operating expense 
 4,627,152 
 7,935,897 
 (3,308,745 
 -42 

Selling, General and Administrative 

Selling, general and administrative SG A costs include all expenditures incurred other than research and development related costs, including costs related to personnel, professional
fees, travel and entertainment, public company costs, insurance, and other office related costs. During the year ended August 31, 2022,
compared to the year ended August 31, 2021, SG A costs increased due to our South Korean operations 106,000), increase in personnel
costs 217,000), increase in professional fees 195,000), offset by net decreases in in other administrative costs 59,000). 

29 

Research and Product Development 

Research and Development R D costs represent costs incurred to develop our SolarWindow technology and are incurred pursuant to our research agreements and agreements
with other third-party providers and certain internal R D cost allocations. Payments under these agreements include salaries and benefits
for R D personnel, allocated overhead, contract services and other costs. R D costs are expensed when incurred, except for non-refundable
advance payments for future research and development activities which are capitalized and recognized as expense as the related services
are performed. During the year ended August 31, 2022, compared to the year ended August 31, 2021, R D costs decreased primarily as
a result of a decrease in CRADA and costs 79,000), offset by net increases in personnel and Korea based R D costs 75,000). 

Stock Based Compensation 

The Company grants stock options to its directors,
employees and consultants. Stock compensation represents the expense associated with the amortization of our stock options. Expense associated
with equity-based transactions is calculated and expensed in our financial statements as required pursuant to various accounting rules
and is non-cash in nature. Stock based compensation expense decreased primarily due to current year expense excluding compensation related
to the prior year which included expense related to 2,500,000 stock purchase options granted in the fourth quarter of fiscal year ended
August 31, 2020, to each of Mr. Jatinder S. Bhogal, former CEO and Chairman and Mr. John Rhee, former President, CEO and Chairman. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our primary cash needs are for personnel, professional
and R D related fees and other administrative costs. Our principal sources of liquidity are cash and short-term investments. As of
August 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had cash and short-term investments of 8,077,849 and 12,127,456, respectively. We have financed
our operations primarily from the sale of equity and debt securities. 

The following table presents a summary of our cash
flows for the periods indicated: 

Years Ended August 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (3,640,810 
 (2,659,240 
 (981,570 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 
 4,643,034 
 (5,074,177 
 9,717,211 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 - 
 724,872 
 (724,872 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 
 (51,831 
 (15,522 
 (36,309 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 950,393 
 (7,024,067 
 7,974,460 

Operating Activities - Operating activities consist of net loss
adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation, stock-based compensation expense, realized gains or losses on disposal of
property and equipment, impairments and the effect of changes in working capital. The increase in cash used in operating activities over
the prior period is mainly due to an approximate increase in cash layouts related to the CRADA 450,000), Korea operations 223,000),
US based personnel 217,000), professional fees 108,000) offset by decreases in other general costs 16,000). 

Investing Activities - We have used cash primarily for liquid short-term
investments, purchases of furniture, equipment, leasehold improvements, and computers. Excluding the effects of the short term, 5,000,000
investment, 280,000 was used to purchase equipment by the Korean Subsidiary. 

30 

Financing Activities - Cash flows from financing activities totaled
 719,400 in 2021 as a result of the exercise of 200,000 Series S Warrants with a strike price of 3.42 per share and the exercise of 10,000
stock options at a strike price of 3.54 per share. 

Indebtedness 

None. 

Other Contractual Obligations 

In September 2020, the Korean Subsidiary entered a lease for office space
in South Korea. Monthly rent was approximately 1,200. . As of December 2022, this lease was terminated. 

On February 26, 2021, the Korean Subsidiary entered
in an apartment lease for the purposes of housing foreign personnel. Monthly rent was approximately 950. As of December 2022 this lease
was terminated. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

There were no off-balance sheet arrangements for the
years ended August 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Recently Issued Accounting Standards 

For more information regarding recent accounting standards
and their impact to our results of operations and financial position, see Note 2- Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
to our Financial Statements. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results
of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements required the use of estimates and judgments that affect
the reported amounts of our assets, liabilities, and expenses. Management bases estimates on historical experience and other assumptions
it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances and evaluates these estimates on an on-going basis. Actual results may differ from
these estimates. For more information regarding our critical accounting policies, see Note 2- Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies to our Financial Statements. 

Related Party Transactions 

For a discussion of our Related Party Transactions,
see Note 7 - Transactions With Related Persons to our Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

The Company does not carry any balances that are materially
exposed to market risk. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The report of the independent registered public accounting
firm and financial statements listed in the accompanying index are included in Item 15 of this report. See Index to the financial statements
on page F-1 of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

31 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures,
as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, which are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be
disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management
recognized that any system of controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving the desired control objectives, as ours is designed to do, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment
in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. In addition, the design of any system of controls is
also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective
control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Under supervision and with the participation of management,
we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures for the Company
and its subsidiaries as of August 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our Acting Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial
Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures at the subsidiary level were not effective at a reasonable assurance level as
of August 31, 2022, as discussed and defined in Management s Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting referred to below. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed under the supervision of our Acting Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting
purposes in accordance with US GAAP. Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

As of August 31, 2022, our Acting Principal Executive
Officer and Principal Financial Officer assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria
set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was
not effective on August 31, 2022 because of the material weaknesses described below . 

As of our fiscal year ended August 31, 2022, management
identified control deficiencies at the subsidiary level that constituted material weaknesses. A material weakness , as defined
by COSO, is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is more than a
reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. Management identified the following material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting
as of August 31, 2022: 

The degree of compliance with established policies
and procedures had deteriorated at the Korean Subsidiary. Due to jurisdictional challenges of operating the Korean Subsidiary from the
U.S., the Company relied upon the cooperation of the Korean Subsidiaries management to maintain adherence to and comply with the documented
internal control procedures, including the dissemination of its financial results and support thereof to SolarWindow Technologies, Inc,
the parent company, for purposes of consolidating the Company s financial results. Management is unable to assess compliance with
the Korean Subsidiary s documented and established policies and procedures due to the management of the Korean Subsidiary failing
to provide the financial information required for consolidation since May 2022 thereby resulting in the inability of the Company s
auditors to complete their audit of the Korean Subsidiary. 

32 

Also, due to reductions in staffing during 2022 at
the Korean Subsidiary, there is inadequate segregation of duties consistent with control objectives. The Korean Subsidiary s management
is comprised of a single individual resulting in a situation where limitations of segregation of duties exist. To remedy this situation,
the Korean Subsidiary would need to hire additional staff to provide greater segregation of duties. 

Accordingly, because of identifying the above material
weaknesses we have concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the Company s internal controls. 

Management believes that the material weaknesses set
forth above are intrinsic to our small size and that these weaknesses are limited to the Korean Subsidiary. 

Remedies Employed as of August 31, 2022 

Management has retained counsel in South Korea to
provide legal services with respect to the recovery of assets. 

Remedies Employed as of the
Date of this Annual Report 

Management has retained counsel in South Korea to
provide legal services with respect to the recovery of assets, and with the dissolution of the Korean Subsidiary as resolved by the Board
on January 13, 2023. 

On April 25, 2023, management formally removed the
Korean Subsidiary management and installed persons affiliated with the Company thus providing management with the authority, not previously
held, to direct and oversee the Korean Subsidiary. 

On May 25, 2023, management engaged a Korean accounting
firm to provide accounting services, financial reporting, and assist with the dissolution of the Korean subsidiary. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

This annual
report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the
permanent exemption from section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for non-accelerated filers. 

There were no
changes to the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter
ended August 31, 2022, that materially affected, or would be reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

The following table sets forth the names and ages of
all of our directors and executive officers. We have a Board comprised of three members. Each director holds office until a successor
is duly elected or appointed. Executive officers serve at the discretion of the Board and are appointed by the Board. Also provided herein
are brief descriptions of the business experience of each of the directors and officers during the past five years, and an indication
of directorships held by each director in other companies subject to the reporting requirements under the Federal securities law. 

33 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Current Position With Us 
 
 Director or Officer Since 
 
 Harmel S. Rayat 
 
 62 
 
 Chairman and Director 
 
 January 13, 2023 
 
 Bob Levine 
 
 73 
 
 Director 
 
 December 7, 2018 
 
 Joseph Sierchio 
 
 73 
 
 Director 
 
 October 1, 2020 
 
 Justin Frere, CPA 
 
 51 
 
 Treasurer, Interim Chief Financial Officer and Secretary (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 July 5, 2019 
 
 Amit Singh 
 
 43 
 
 Vice President (Acting Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 February 2021 

Business Experience 

Set forth below are the names of all our directors
and executive officers, all positions and offices held by each person, the period during which each has served as such, and the principal
occupations and employment of such persons during at least the last five years, and other director positions held currently or during
the last five years: 

Current Directors and Officers 

Harmel S. Rayat. Mr. Rayat was appointed to the Board of
Directors on January 13, 2023. Mr Rayat previously served the Company in several capacities, including, at various times, as its President
and Chief Executive Officer, Chairman and as a member of the Company s Board of Directors. Mr. Rayat has been a long-time majority
stockholder and financial supporter of the Company. Mr. Rayat currently holds a 66.99 ownership of the Company s issued and outstanding
common stock. Mr Rayat s support has been key to advancing SolarWindow s technology. Beginning his career in the financial
industry as a messenger and mail-room clerk in a stock brokerage firm in 1981, Mr. Rayat has since invested in a wide range of businesses
and sectors, including auto wreckers, resource exploration, technologies, artificial liver devices, commercial and retail buildings,
and raw land development opportunities. In recent years, Mr. Rayat has narrowed his focus to impact investing, despite the high risks
associated with early stage, pre-revenue, and pre-clinical companies. His goal is to help inventors, entrepreneurs, and scientists to
create and commercialize products and technologies that will have a beneficial impact on society at large. 

Bob Levine. Mr. Levine has been with Avison
Young since 1994 and is one of the founding partners of the company which has 120 offices in 25 countries and 5,000 real estate professionals.
Since 2008, Avison Young has been one of the fastest growing commercial real estate companies in the world. Having retired from the Board
of Directors of Avison Young after 10 years service, Mr. Levine remains on Avison Young s Executive Committee. Mr. Levine
has 40 years of experience in commercial real estate sales, leasing, and advisory roles and has worked with many leading developers, equity
partners, and renowned investors. Having consummated many billions of dollars in transactions, he has been responsible for the sale of
numerous landmark and Class-A office buildings, shopping centers, industrial properties, and major development sites. 

Joseph Sierchio . Mr. Sierchio has been
engaged in the practice of law as the principal of Sierchio Law LLP, our general corporate counsel since August 2019; prior thereto Mr.
Sierchio provided legal services to the Company as a partner of Satterlee Stephens LLP, our counsel, from September 2016 to August 2019.
Since 1975, Mr. Sierchio has continuously practiced corporate and securities law in New York City, representing, in the United States,
domestic and foreign private and public corporations, investors, brokerage firms, and entrepreneurs. Mr. Sierchio is admitted in all New
York state courts and federal courts in the Eastern, Northern, and Southern Districts of the State of New York as well as the federal
Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Mr. Sierchio was invited to join the Board due to his experience representing corporations (public
and private) and individuals in numerous and various organizational, compliance, administrative, governance, finance (equity and debt
private and public offerings), regulatory and legal matters as well as his familiarity with the Company s business and operations.
Mr. Sierchio also served as a director of RenovaCare, Inc. from August 26, 2010, to June 22, 2018. Mr. Sierchio earned his J.D. at Cornell
University Law School in 1974, and a B.A., with Highest Distinction in Economics from Rutgers College at Rutgers University in 1971, and
where he was also named a Henry Rutgers Scholar. 

34 

Justin Frere, CPA. Mr. Frere has served as
the Company s Controller since August of 2011 and was appointed Secretary and Interim Chief Financial Officer on July 5, 2019, and
July 22, 2020, respectively. Mr. Frere has over 20 years of experience as a hands-on CFO/Controller level finance and administration professional
with extensive operational and analytical experience as a consultant, CFO, and controller for numerous public entities. From 2001 through
present, Mr. Frere has been principal of Frontline Accounting performing CFO/controller, and financial analyst services for various public
and private domestic and international clients. Mr. Frere has been the primary party responsible for accounting, drafting, and filing
SEC Forms and interacting with auditors and the SEC in support of public company reporting. Mr. Frere started his career at KPMG in their
assurance practice. Mr. Frere earned a Bachelor of Science in accounting and finance from California Polytechnic State University in San
Luis Obispo and MBA from San Diego State University. 

Amit Singh . Has served as the Company s
Vice President since February 2021. Mr. Singh has diverse experience with incubating and developing ventures in cleantech and renewables,
biomedical devices, drug discovery and development, and financial marketing and advertising. From June 2006 to May 2008, Mr. Singh served
as a Risk and Strategy Consultant at Crowe, where he specialized in identifying high-risk areas for public and private companies, specifically
detecting weaknesses in business models and helping develop, re-engineer, and implement core business processes. From September 2007 to
March 2018, Mr. Singh served as the Executive Director of Sikhcess, a non-profit, where he coordinated the efforts of more than 5,000
global volunteers to break the cycle of homelessness by providing meals, basic needs, education, mentoring, tutoring, and support. Mr.
Singh earned his MBA from the University of Michigan in 2006, and an undergraduate business degree from Wayne State University in 2003. 

All our directors are elected annually to serve for
one year or until their successors are duly elected and qualified. 

Family Relationships and Other Matters 

There are no family relationships between any of our
officers and directors. 

Legal Proceedings 

None of our directors or officers are involved in any
legal proceedings as described in Regulation S-K 229.401(f)). 

SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING COMPLIANCE 

Because we do not have a class of equity securities
registered pursuant to section 12 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to make the disclosures required by Item 405 of Regulation
SK. 

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

General 

We believe that good corporate
governance is important to ensure that our company is managed for the long-term benefit of our stockholders. We periodically review our
corporate governance policies and practices and compare them to those suggested by various authorities in corporate governance and the
practices of other public companies. As a result, we have adopted policies and procedures that we believe are in the best interests of
the Company and our stockholders. 

Corporate Governance Guidelines; Code of Conduct and Ethics; Amended
and Restated Insider Trading Policy 

Our Corporate Governance
Guidelines assist our board of directors in the exercise of its duties and responsibilities and to serve the best interests of SolarWindow
and our stockholders. These guidelines, which provide a framework for the conduct of our board s business addresses the role of
a director, Board composition, Board meetings, access to management, Board compensation and other topics. 

35 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all
of our officers, directors and employees, including our Acting Principal Executive Officer. The Code of Ethics is designed to deter wrongdoing,
and to promote, among other things, honest and ethical conduct, full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports
and documents that we file with, or submit to the SEC, compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations, the prompt
internal reporting of violations of the Code of Ethics, and accountability for adherence to the Code of Ethics. 

We have adopted an Amended and Restated Insider Trading
Policy (the ITP that applies to all officers, directors, employees, and other persons, such as contractors or consultants
who have access to material nonpublic information. The ITP also applies to family members, other members of a person s household
and entities controlled by a person covered by the ITP. The purpose of the ITP is to provide guidelines with respect to transactions in
the Company s securities and the handling of material nonpublic information about the Company and the companies with which the Company
does business. The Company s Board of Directors has adopted this Policy to promote compliance with federal, state and foreign securities
laws that prohibit certain persons who are aware of material nonpublic information about a company from: (i) trading in securities of
that company; or (ii) providing material nonpublic information to other persons who may trade on the basis of that information. Oversight
and implementation of the ITP is performed by the ITP Compliance Committee which is comprised of Joseph Sierchio, Director and General
Counsel, Gary Parmar, Director and Justin Frere, Interim CFO and Secretary. 

We have posted a copy of
our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, and Amended and Restated Insider Trading Policy on the Investor
section of our website at https://www.solarwindow.com/investors/corporate-governance/. Our full Board of Directors must approve in advance
any waivers of the Code of Ethics. We will post any amendments or waivers from our Code of Ethics that apply to our executive officers
and directors on the Corporate Governance section of our website. 

Board Independence 

We are not listed on a major
U.S. securities exchange and, therefore, are not subject to the corporate governance requirements of any such exchange, including those
related to the independence of directors. However, Our Board considers that a director is independent when the director is not an officer
or employee of the Company, does not have any relationship which would, or could reasonably appear to, materially interfere with the independent
judgment of such director, and the director otherwise meets the independence requirements under the listing standards of FINRA and the
rules and regulations of the SEC. Our Board has reviewed the materiality of any relationship that each of our directors has with the Company,
either directly or indirectly. Based on this review, our Board has affirmatively determined that one of our three directors, including
Bob Levine, qualify as an independent director. 

Board Leadership Structure 

We currently have one executive
officer and three directors; one of which is independent. At present, Mr. Frere serves as our Acting Executive Officer, Interim Chief
Financial Officer and Secretary, Mr. Sierchio serves as the Representative Director of SolarWindow Asia Co., Ltd. Actions taken by SolarWindow
Asia Co., Ltd. are performed by Lab Partners, the Company s South Korean law firm, pursuant to powers of attorney provided by Mr.
Sierchio and SolarWindow Asia (USA) Corp. 

Our Bylaws provide our Board
with flexibility to combine or separate the positions of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer in accordance with its determination
that utilizing one or the other structure would be in the best interests of our Company and its stockholders. Our Board has reviewed our
current Board leadership structure, our size, the nature of our business, the regulatory framework under which we operate, our stockholder
base, our peer group and other relevant factors, and has determined that this structure is currently the most appropriate Board leadership
structure for our company. 

Board Committees 

Audit Committee 

The Board does not currently have a standing Audit
Committee. The full Board oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and the audits of our annual financial statements. 

36 

Compensation Committee 

The Board does not currently have a standing Compensation
Committee. The full Board establishes our overall compensation policies and reviews recommendations submitted by our management. 

Nominating Committee 

The Board does not currently have a standing Nominating
Committee. We do not maintain a policy for considering nominees. Our Bylaws provide that the number of Directors shall be fixed from time
to time by the Board, but in no event shall be less than the minimum required by law. The Board should be large enough to maintain our
required expertise but not too large to function inefficiently. Director nominees are recommended, reviewed, and approved by the entire
Board. The Board believes that this process is appropriate due to the number of directors on the Board and the opportunity to benefit
from a variety of opinions and perspectives in determining director nominees by involving the full Board. 

While the Board is solely responsible for the selection
and nomination of Directors, the Board may consider nominees recommended by stockholders as deemed appropriate. The Board evaluates each
potential nominee in the same manner regardless of the source of the potential nominee s recommendation. Although we do not have
a policy regarding diversity, the Board does take into consideration the value of diversity among Board members in background, experience,
education and perspective in considering potential nominees for recommendation to the Board for selection. Stockholders who wish to recommend
a nominee should send nominations to Mr. Justin Frere, Interim CFO and Secretary, 9375 E. Shea Blvd., Suite 107-B, Scottsdale, AZ 85260,
that includes all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for the election of
directors. The recommendation must be accompanied by a written consent of the individual to stand for election if nominated by the Board
and to serve if elected. 

Compensation Consultants 

We have not historically relied upon the advice of
compensation consultants in determining Named Executive Officer compensation. Instead, the Board reviews compensation levels and makes
adjustments based on their personal knowledge of competition in the marketplace, publicly available information, and informal surveys
of human resource professionals. 

Board of Directors Meetings, Committees of the Board of Directors, and
Annual Meeting Attendance 

During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022,
all directors attended at least 75 or more of the aggregate of the meetings of the Board. The Board met nine (9) times and acted by written
consent six (6) times during the fiscal year ended August 31, 2022. We did not have an annual meeting of shareholders during the fiscal
year ended August 31, 2022, or 2021. 

The Audit Committee was established in July 2019 and
was suspended in December 2021. The full Board is responsible for performing the functions of: (i) the Audit Committee, (ii) the Compensation
Committee, and (ii) the Nominating Committee. 

Board Role in Risk Oversight 

Risk is inherent in every business, and how well a
business manages risk can ultimately determine its success. We face a number of risks, including strategic risks, enterprise risks, financial
risks, and regulatory risks. While our management is responsible for day-to-day management of various risks we face, the Board, as a whole,
is responsible for evaluating our exposure to risk and to satisfy itself that the risk management processes designed and implemented by
management are adequate and functioning as designed. The Board reviews and discusses policies with respect to risk assessment and risk
management. The Board also has oversight responsibility with respect to the integrity of our financial reporting process and systems of
internal control regarding finance and accounting, as well as its financial statements. 

37 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Our Board is responsible for establishing the compensation
and benefits for our executive officers. The Board reviews the performance and total compensation package for our executive officers and
considers the modification of existing compensation and the adoption of new compensation plans. The board has not retained any compensation
consultants. 

The goals of our executive compensation program are
to attract, motivate and retain individuals with the skills and qualities necessary to support and develop our business within the framework
of our small size and available resources. We designed our executive compensation program to achieve the following objectives: 

attract and retain executives experienced in developing and delivering products such as our own; 

motivate and reward executives whose experience and skills are critical to our success; 

reward performance; and 

align the interests of our executive officers and stockholders by motivating executive officers to increase
stockholder value. 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table summarizes the total compensation
paid to or earned by each named executive officer for Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021 : 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year Ended August 31, 

Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Option Awards ) 

All Other Compensation ) (1) 
 Total ) 
 
 Jatinder S. Bhogal (2) Former Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 2022 
 156,505 
 368,000 
 - 
 - 
 524,505 
 
 2021 
 410,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 410,000 

John A. Conklin (3) 
 Former Chief Technology Officer 
 2021 
 82,676 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 82,676 
 
 Justin Frere (4) Interim Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 2022 
 120,000 
 - 
 246,000 
 - 
 366,000 
 
 2021 
 106,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 106,000 
 
 John Rhee, Former President and Chief Executive Officer. Former Director, President and CEO of SolarWindow Asia Co., Ltd. (5) 
 2022 
 244,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 244,000 
 
 2021 
 192,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 192,000 
 
 Amit Singh, Vice President (6) 
 2022 
 160,700 
 - 
 73,800 
 - 
 234,500 
 
 2021 
 116,550 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 116,550 

(1) The amounts in this column represent employer sponsored
and paid health coverage, vacation pay and health insurance premium reimbursement for Mr. Conklin who maintained private insurance coverage
and was reimbursed an agreed upon amount each month to offset his out-of-pocket medical insurance premiums through December 31, 2019,
and prior to the Company established Health benefit plans. With regard to Mr. Bhogal, the amount in this column represents fees for his
service on the Board during fiscal 2020. 

38 

(2) On August 7, 2017, the Company appointed Jatinder Bhogal
to the Board of Directors. Mr. Bhogal has provided consulting services to the Company since 2011. Pursuant to Mr. Bhogal s consulting
agreements in effect prior to July 1, 2020, Mr. Bhogal received compensation of 18,750 per month. Effective July 1, 2020, the Company,
Mr. Bhogal, and Vector Asset Management, Inc., a Canadian entity wholly-owned by Mr. Bhogal VAMI ), entered into
an Executive Consulting Agreement (the ECA whereby Mr. Bhogal, in addition to his role as a Director, served the
Company as its President (On March 1, 2021, Mr. Bhogal resigned as President and Mr. Rhee was appointed President) and Chief Executive
Officer (Principle Executive Officer). On January 18, 2022, Mr. Bhogal resigned all of his positions with the Company, including as Chairman
and CEO. Pursuant to the ECA, which had an initial term of three years with one year extensions thereafter, VAMI 1) was paid an annual
salary of 410,000 (the Annual Base Fee 2) was eligible for a discretionary performance-based annual bonus of up
to 40 of the then annual base fee in effect; 3) received a stock option grant to purchase up to 2,500,000 shares of the Company s
common stock which was fully vested as of August 31, 2022. 

(3) On December 27, 2017, the Company and Mr. Conklin entered
into an employment agreement (the 2018 Employment Agreement pursuant to which Mr. Conklin was paid an annual salary
of 275,000, received a grant of 1,008,000 stock options and was entitled to a medical insurance premium reimbursement stipend of 2,166
per month up until the company established an employer based medical insurance plan that became effective on January 1, 2020. On October
22, 2018, Mr. Conklin resigned as Chief Financial Officer commensurate with the appointment of Steve Yan-Klassen as the Company s
Chief Financial Officer. Effective July 1, 2020, Mr. John Conklin resigned as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer
and as a Director and assumed a new executive role with the Company as its Chief Technology Officer. Effective November 19, 2020, Mr.
Conklin resigned all positions. 

(4) Mr. Frere has served as the Company s Controller since
August of 2011 and was appointed Secretary on July 5, 2019. Effective July 23, 2020, Mr. Frere was appointed to also serve as the Company s
Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) and Interim Treasurer. Mr. Frere is providing
his services on an as needed basis; Mr. Frere s engagement is at will and can be terminated by either party on notice. Mr. Frere s
aggregate fee for his services is 10,000 per month. On October 27, 2021, the Board granted Mr. Frere a stock option to purchase up to
50,000 shares of the Company s common stock with an exercise price of 6.21 per share and which vests as to 50 on April 27, 2022
and 50 on October 27, 2022. The aggregate grant date fair value of the stock option award, determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic
718, was 4.92 per share. For additional information, see NOTE 5 Stock Options of our notes to financial statements
contained in this annual report. 

(5) On July 1, 2020, the Company appointed John Rhee to the
Board of Directors. On August 31, 2020, the Company and Mr. John Rhee entered into an Executive Services Consulting Agreement (the ESCA ),
which was amended effective March 1, 2021 to appoint Mr. Rhee to the office of President and increase his monthly fee from 10,000 to
 22,000. Pursuant to the ESCA as amended, 1) Mr. Rhee provided executive consulting services to the Company, and it s directly and
indirectly owned subsidiaries; 2) Mr. Rhee s engagement pursuant to the ESCA was an at-will engagement; and 3) Mr.
Rhee received a stock option grant to purchase up to 2,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock which was fully vested as of
August 31, 2022. On September 1, 2021, the Board approved an increase in Mr Rhee s monthly salary to 24,640. On January 19, 2022,
the Board appointed Mr. Rhee to serve as the Company s Chief Executive Officer. By letter dated May 8, 2022, the Board terminated
ESCA as amended effective May 9, 2022. Termination of the ESCA resulted in the automatic termination of Mr. Rhee s positions as
the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company and all positions held at the Company s subsidiaries. However,
due lack of jurisdiction in Korea, the Company was unable to effect Mr. Rhee s termination with the Korean Subsidiary and he maintained
his position as Representative Director and President of SolarWindow Asia Co., Ltd. through April 25, 2023, the date Mr. Rhee was removed
pursuant to an Extraordinary Shareholder Meeting. Additionally, termination of the ESCA did not constitute termination of Mr. Rhee s
tenure as a member of the Board. Mr. Rhee resigned from the Board effective December 18, 2022. 

(6) Effective July 28, 2020, the Company, Amit Singh, and Damaak
Group, LLC, a U.S. entity wholly-owned by Mr. Singh Damaak ), entered into a Business Consulting Agreement (the BCA whereby Mr. Singh supports the executive management team with corporate finance, business development, media public relations, brand
positioning, technology, and investor engagement. Pursuant to the BCA, which had an initial term of two years, Damaak was paid a monthly
fee of 9,250 which was raised to 10,175 effective March 2021 and again raised to 15,000 effective January 2021. On October 27, 2021,
the Board granted Mr. Singh a stock option to purchase up to 15,000 shares of the Company s common stock with an exercise price
of 6.21 per share and which vests as to 50 on April 27, 2022, and 50 on October 27, 2022. The aggregate grant date fair value of the
stock option award, determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, was 4.92 per share. For additional information, see NOTE
5 Stock Options of our notes to financial statements contained in this annual report. Although the term of the BCA was
through June 30, 2022, Damaak continues to provide services under the BCA. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal-Year End 

The following table sets forth information regarding equity awards that
have been previously awarded to each of the Named Executives and which remained outstanding as of August 31, 2022. 

Option Awards 

Name 
 # of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Exercisable 
 # of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options Not Currently Exercisable 

Option Exercise Price ) 

Option Expiration Date 
 
 Jatinder S. Bhogal (1) 
 1,033,000 
 - 
 3.54 
 7/5/2029 
 
 90,000 
 - 
 4.87 
 11/21/2027 
 
 2,500,000 
 - 
 2.60 
 7/2/2026 
 
 John A. Conklin (2) 
 40,000 
 - 
 4.87 
 11/21/2027 
 
 12,500 
 - 
 3.54 
 7/5/2025 
 
 Justin Frere (3) 
 32,500 
 17,500 
 3.54 
 7/5/2025 
 
 25,000 
 25,000 
 6.21 
 10/27/2031 
 
 John Rhee (4) 
 500,000 
 - 
 3.66 
 8/31/2023 
 
 800,000 
 - 
 6.00 
 8/31/2023 
 
 700,000 
 - 
 8.00 
 8/31/2023 
 
 500,000 
 - 
 3.66 
 8/31/2023 
 
 Amit Singh 
 7,500 
 7,500 
 6.21 
 10/27/2031 

39 

(1) On November 21, 2017, pursuant to the grant of stock options
to our Board and certain personnel for their services, the Company granted a stock option to purchase 90,000 shares of our common stock.
On July 5, 2019, pursuant to a grant of stock options to our Board and executives for their services, the Company granted a stock option
to purchase 1,008,000 and 50,000 shares of our common stock. On July 1, 2020, pursuant to an Executive Consulting Agreement and Stock
Option Grant and Grant Agreement both dated June 29, 2020, the Company granted a stock option to purchase 2,500,000 shares of our common
stock. 

(2) On November 21, 2017, pursuant the grant of stock options
to our Board for their services, the Company granted a stock option to purchase 40,000 shares of our common stock. On July 5, 2019, pursuant
to a grant of stock options to our Board and executives for their services, the Company granted a stock option to purchase 50,000 shares
of our common stock. 

(3) On July 5, 2019, pursuant to a grant of stock options to
our Board and executives for their services, the Company granted a stock option to purchase 50,000 shares of our common stock. On October
27, 2021, pursuant to a grant of stock options for services, the Company granted a stock option to purchase 50,000 shares of our common
stock. 

(4) On August 31, 2020, pursuant to an Executive Services Consulting
Agreement and Non-Statutory Stock Option Agreement, we granted a stock option to purchase 2,500,000 shares of our common stock. 

Termination and Change of Control 

Not applicable. 

Option Exercises and Stock Vested 

Not applicable. 

COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS 

Our directors play a critical role in guiding our
strategic direction and overseeing the management of our Company. Ongoing developments in corporate governance and financial reporting
have resulted in an increased demand for such highly qualified and productive public company directors. The many responsibilities and
risks and the substantial time commitment of being a director of a public company require that we provide adequate incentives for our
directors continued performance by paying compensation commensurate with our directors workload. Our non-employee directors
are compensated based upon their respective levels of Board participation and responsibilities, including service on Board Committees.
Our employee directors receive no separate compensation for their service as directors. Our Board determines the non-employee directors 
compensation for serving on the Board and its committee(s). In establishing director compensation, the Board is guided by the following
goals: 

compensation should consist of a combination of cash and equity awards that are designed to fairly pay
the directors for work required for a company of our size and scope; 

compensation should align the directors interests with the long-term interests of stockholders;
and 

compensation should assist with attracting and retaining qualified directors. 

For their services as directors, non-employee directors
received cash compensation of 2,500 per quarter during fiscal 2022 and 1,750 per quarter during fiscal 2021. Beginning on September
1, 2019, and prior to the suspension of the Audit Committee on December 3, 2021, the audit committee chairperson received an additional
 750 per quarter. 

40 

During fiscal 2021, the Company granted 50,000 options
to Joesph Sierchio in connection with his appointment to the Board. During fiscal 2022, the Company granted 15,000 options to Joesph Sierchio
and 30,000 options to Bob Levine. The options fair value was calculated to be 4.92 per share using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model.
No equity-based grants were awarded to the other Board members in fiscal 2022. 

Director Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth the compensation earned
and paid to each non-employee director for service as a director during Fiscal 2022 and Fiscal 2021: 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Gary Parmar (1) (former director and audit committee chairman) 
 1,944 
 - 
 1,944 
 
 Bob Levine (2) 
 10,000 
 147,600 
 157,600 
 
 Joseph Sierchio (3) 
 10,000 
 73,800 
 83,800 
 
 Total 2022 director compensation 
 21,944 
 221,400 
 243,344 

(1) Mr. Parmar resigned from the Board on November 10, 2021. 

(2) For their services on the Board, the Company granted Mr. Levine an option to
purchase 30,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price of 6.21 per share and which vests as to 50 on April 27, 2022, and 50 
on October 27, 2022. The aggregate grant date fair value of the stock option award, determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718,
was 4.92 per share. For additional information, see NOTE 5 Stock Options of our notes to financial statements contained
in this annual report. 

(3) Mr. Sierchio resigned from the Board effective October 22, 2018, and was re-appointed
on October 1, 2020. For their services on the Board, the Company granted Mr. Sierchio an option to purchase 15,000 shares of common stock
with an exercise price of 6.21 per share and which vests as to 50 on April 27, 2022, and 50 on October 27, 2022. The aggregate grant
date fair value of the stock option award, determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, was 4.92 per share. For additional information,
see NOTE 5 Stock Options of our notes to financial statements contained in this annual report. 

Director Compensation - Equity 

The following table shows the total number of unvested and total option
awards held by each of our non-employee directors as of August 31, 2022: 

Name 
 Vested Stock Options Outstanding (#) 
 Unvested Stock Options Outstanding (#) 
 
 Bob Levine (1) 
 48,800 
 33,200 
 
 Joseph Sierchio (1) (2) 
 72,500 
 62,500 
 
 John Rhee (3) 
 2,500,000 
 - 
 
 Total 
 2,621,300 
 95,700 

(1) On July 5, 2019, the Company granted stock options to our
Board and executives for their services, including a stock option to purchase 50,000 shares of our common stock to Mr. Sierchio and 52,000
shares of our common stock to Mr. Levine. 

(2) Includes 50,000 options described above, a stock option
to purchase 20,000 shares of our common stock granted on November 21, 2017, a stock option to purchase 50,000 shares of our common stock
granted on October 19, 2020 pursuant to his appointment to the Board, and a stock option to purchase 15,000 shares of our common stock
granted on October 27, 2021. 

(3) Pursuant to the ESCA, on August 31, 2020, Mr. Rhee received
a stock option grant to purchase up to 2,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock with exercise prices as follows: as to 1,000,000
options, 3.66 per share; as to 800,000 options, 6.00 per share and as to 700,000 options, 8.00 per share, exercisable on, among other
methods, a cashless basis prior to up-listing to a national exchange and exercisable for cash thereafter. The stock option vests as to
500,000 on the date of grant; as to the next 800,000 shares on the six-month anniversary of the date of grant; as to the next 700,000
shares on the 12-month anniversary of the date of grant; and as to the last 500,000 shares on the eighteen-month anniversary of the date
of grant. The aggregate grant date weighted average fair value of the stock option award, determined in accordance with FASB ASC Topic
718, was 1.51 per share. 

41 

Limitation on Directors' Liabilities; Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our Amended and Restated Bylaws designate the relative
duties and responsibilities of our officers and establish procedures for actions by directors and stockholders and other items. Our bylaws
also contain extensive indemnification provisions, which will permit us to indemnify our officers and directors to the maximum extent
provided by Nevada law. For additional information, see Exhibit 4.34 to this Annual Report. 

Directors' and Officers' Liability Insurance 

We have obtained directors' and officers' liability insurance, which expires
on December 22, 2023. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information
as of August 14, 2023 by (i) all persons who are known by us to beneficially own more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock,
(ii) each director, director nominee, and Named Executive Officer; and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. To our knowledge,
no other person beneficially owns more than 5 of our common stock. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 of Class Owned (2) 
 
 Directors and Officers 

Harmel S. Rayat (3) 
 52,205,598 
 74.83 
 
 Bob Levine (4) 
 133,533 

Joseph Sierchio (5) 
 311,567 

Justin Frere (6) 
 99,443 

All Directors and Officers as a Group (4 people) 
 52,750,141 
 74.83 

5 Shareholders 

Kalen Capital Corporation (3) 688 West Hastings St. 7th Floor Vancouver, BC V6B 1P1 
 52,205,598 
 74.83 

less than 1 

(1) Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with SEC
rules and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Each of the beneficial owners listed above has direct
ownership of and sole voting power and investment power with respect to the shares of our common stock and except as indicated the address
of each beneficial owner is 9375 E Shea Blvd., Suite 107-B, Scottsdale, AZ 85260. 

(2) Calculated pursuant to rule 13d-3(d) of the Exchange Act.
Beneficial ownership is calculated based on 53,198,399 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of August 14, 2023. Under Rule
13d-3(d) of the Exchange Act, shares not outstanding which are subject to options, warrants, rights, or conversion privileges exercisable
within 60 days are deemed outstanding for the purpose of calculating the number and percentage owned by such person, but are not deemed
outstanding for the purpose of calculating the percentage owned by each other person listed. 

(3) Kalen Capital Corporation is a private Alberta corporation
wholly owned by Mr. Harmel Rayat, our Chairman. In such a capacity, Mr. Rayat may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of these shares.
The number of shares reflected above based upon the review of our transfer records and information provided to us by Kalen Capital Corporation
and includes 35,638,931 shares owned by Kalen Capital Corporation and its wholly owned subsidiary, and 16,566,667 shares issuable upon
exercise of a Series T Warrant. 

(4) Includes 26,000 shares of common stock, 33,333 shares of
common stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of a Series T Warrant and 74,200 shares of common stock reserved for issuance upon
the exercise of vested stock options granted under the 2006 Plan. Does not include 7,800 shares of common stock reserved for issuance
upon exercise of stock options granted under the 2006 Plan that have not yet vested. 

42 

(5) Includes 196,567 shares of common stock and 115,000 shares
of common stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of vested stock options granted under the 2006 Plan. Does not include 20,000 shares
of common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of stock options granted under the 2006 Plan that have not yet vested. 

(6) Includes 6,493 shares of common stock and 92,500 shares
of common stock reserved for issuance upon the exercise of vested stock options granted under the 2006 Plan. Does not include 7,500 shares
of common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of stock options granted under the 2006 Plan that have not yet vested. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS,
AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The Board establishes policies and procedures, and
sets standards regarding operations and governance. Accordingly, the Company adopted a policy and procedures pertaining to related-party
transactions RPTs as they relate to the Company s employees, officers and directors. 

The Board recognizes that RPTs must be managed to
prevent the risk of perceived or actual conflicts of interest. The Company s RPT policy and procedures addresses these transactions
as they may occur. The Board is responsibe for reviewing and approving RPTs in accordance with the adopted policy and procedures. The
Board may review the RPT policy and procedures from time to time and accordingly recommend amendments for consideration and/or implementation. 

The Board will review and approve all RPTs over 25,000
with the option to review and approve all RPTs if, in their judgment, it would be in the best interests of the Company for the proposed
transaction to be reviewed. 

Under SEC rules (Section 404 (a) of Regulation S-K),
a related person is a director, officer, nominee for director, or 5 stockholder of our outstanding shares of common stock since the beginning
of the previous fiscal year, and their immediate family members. Immediate family members include spouses, parents, stepparents, children,
stepchildren, siblings, mothers- and fathers-in-law, sons- and daughters-in-law, and brothers- and sisters-in-law and anyone residing
in such person s home (other than a tenant) 

The Board has determined that, barring additional
facts or circumstances, a related person does not have a direct or indirect material interest in the following categories of transactions: 

any transaction with another company for which a related person s only relationship is as an employee
(other than an executive officer), director, or beneficial owner of less than 10 of that company s shares, if the amount involved
does not exceed the greater of 1 million or 2 of that company s total annual revenue; 

compensation to executive officers determined by the Board; 

compensation to directors determined by the Board; 

transactions in which all security holders receive proportional benefits; and 

banking-related services involving a bank depository of funds, transfer agent, registrar, trustee under a
trust indenture, or similar service. 

The Board reviews transactions involving related persons
who are not included in one of the above categories and makes a determination whether the related person has a material interest in a
transaction and may approve, ratify, rescind, or take other action with respect to the transaction in its discretion. The Board reviews
all material facts related to the transaction and takes into account, among other factors it deems appropriate, whether the transaction
is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances; the
extent of the related person s interest in the transaction; and, if applicable, the availability of other sources of comparable
products or services. An interested related party who serves on the Board shall recuse their self from the review and approval of a RPT
in which they have an interest in the transaction. 

Our employees are expected to disclose personal interests
that may conflict with ours and they may not engage in personal activities that conflict with their responsibilities and obligations to
us. Periodically, we inquire as to whether or not any of our Directors have entered into any transactions, arrangements or relationships
that constitute related party transactions. If any actual or potential conflict of interest is reported, our Board will review the transaction
and relationship disclosed and make a determination regarding appropriatness and recommend modifications to the RPT if the transaction
is deemed to present a conflict of interest. 

43 

Transactions with Related Persons 

The following is a description of each transaction since the beginning
of fiscal 2021, and each currently proposed transaction, in which: 

we have been or are to be a participant; 

the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets for the last two completed fiscal years; and 

any of our directors, executive officers, or holders of more than 5 of any class of our capital stock at the time of the transactions in issue, or any immediate family member of or person sharing the household with any of these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

For additional information, please refer to see NOTE
7 Transactions with Related Persons under the Notes to Financial Statements for the Years Ended August 31, 2022, and 2021. 

Director Independence 

Please refer to Director Independence under the section titled
 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE in ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 

PKF O Connor Davies, LLP PKF currently serves as our independent registered public accounting firm to audit our financial statements for the fiscal year ending August
31, 2022. PKF has served as the company s independent registered public accounting firm since May 28, 2020. To the knowledge of
management, neither such firm nor any of its members has any direct or material indirect financial interest in us or any connection with
us in any capacity otherwise than as independent accountant. 

PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table represents aggregate fees billed
or expected to be billed to us for services related to the fiscal years ended August 31, 2022 and 2021, by PKF: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 55,750 
 71,740 
 
 Audit Related Fees (2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees (3) 
 6,675 
 11,743 
 
 All Other Fees (4) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 62,425 
 83,483 

(1) Consists of fees and
expenses billed for professional services rendered in connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements, reviews of our
quarterly consolidated financial statements, related accounting consultations, and services provided in connection with our registration
statements, and other regulatory filings. 

(2) Consists of fees billed
for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial
statements and not reported under Audit Fees, such as due diligence related to mergers and acquisitions. 

(3) Tax Fees consist of
fees for professional services for domestic and international tax advisory services for tax planning, compliance, and advice. 

 (4) Consists of
aggregate fees billed for services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm other than those disclosed
above. 

44 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) The following documents are filed as a part of this Form 10-K: 

(a)(1) Financial Statements and Schedules 

The following financial statements, notes related thereto and report of
independent auditors, are included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm; 

Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2022, and 2021; 

Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the years ended August 31, 2022, and 2021; 

Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended August 31, 2022, and 2021; 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended August 31, 2022, and 2021; and 

Notes to Financial Statements 

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

All schedules have been omitted since they are either not applicable or the information is contained
within the accompanying financial statements. 

(b) Exhibit Index 

The following is a list of exhibits filed as part
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Exhibit No. 
 Description of Exhibit 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation, as amended (Incorporated by reference to the exhibits filed as part of the report on Form 10-Q filed on April 16, 2010) 

3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation changing name to New Energy Technologies, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the exhibits filed as part of the report on Form 10-Q on April 16, 2010) 

3.3 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation increasing the authorized shares from 100,000,000 to 300,000,000 (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed on March 21, 2011) 

3.4 
 Certificate of Change to the Articles of Incorporation relating to the one-for-three reverse stock split (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed on March 21, 2011) 

3.5 
 By Laws. (Incorporated by reference to the exhibits filed as part of the report on Form 10-Q filed April 16, 2010) 

3.6 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation changing name to SolarWindow Technologies, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2015) 

4.1 
 3,000,000 Convertible Promissory Note dated October 7, 2013 (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed on October 10, 2013) 

4.2 
 Series I Stock Purchase Warrant (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed on October 10, 2013) 

45 

4.3 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated October 7, 2013, entered into between New Energy Technologies, Inc. and Kalen Capital Corporation (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed on October 10, 2013) 

4.4 
 Amendment to Convertible Promissory Note by and between the Company and Kalen Capital Corporation dated November 10, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2014) 

4.5 
 Amendment to Bridge Loan Agreement by and between the Company and Kalen Capital Corporation dated November 10, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2014) 

4.6 
 Form of Stock Purchase Warrant granted to Kalen Capital Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on November 17, 2014) 

4.7 
 Form of Stock Award Agreement (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed on December 19, 2014 

4.8 
 Form of Series L Warrant issued to 1420468 Alberta Ltd. (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2015) 

4.9 
 Bridge Loan Agreement and Promissory Note by and between the Company and Kalen Capital Corporation dated December 7, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on December 11, 2015) 

4.10 
 Form of Series M Warrant issued to Kalen Capital Corporation dated December 7, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on December 11, 2015) 

4.11 
 Amendment to Bridge Loan Agreement dated December 7, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on December 11, 2015) 

4.12 
 Form of Series M Warrant issued to1420468 Alberta Ltd. dated December 7, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on December 11, 2015) 

4.13 
 Second Amended Bridge Loan Agreement dated December 31, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2016) 

4.14 
 Form of Series N Warrant dated December 31, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2016) 

4.15 
 Lock-Up Agreement dated January 5, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2016) 

4.16 
 Form of Series O Stock Purchase Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2016) 

4.17 
 Form of Series P Stock Purchase Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2016) 

4.18 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2016) 

4.19 
 Form of Series Q Stock Purchase Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2016) 

4.20 
 Form of Series R Stock Purchase Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2016) 

46 

4.21 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2016) 

4.22 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated June 20, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on June 23, 2016) 

4.23 
 Form of Series S-A Stock Purchase Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2017) 

4.24 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2017) 

4.25 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated July 24, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2017) 

4.26 
 Form of Series S Stock Purchase Warrant dated September 29, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2017) 

4.27 
 Form of Subscription Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2017) 

4.28 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement dated September 29, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on September 29, 2017) 

4.29 
 Amendment to the 2014 Amended Bridge Loan Agreement dated November 3, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2017) 

4.30 
 Third Amendment to the 2015 Bridge Loan Agreement dated November 3, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2017) 

4.31 
 Form of Series T Stock Purchase Warrant dated November 26, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on November 29, 2018) 

4.32 
 Form of Subscription Agreement for Units Dated November 26, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on November 29, 2018) 

4.33 
 Amended and Restated Articles (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed on November 18, 2019) 

4.34 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-K filed on November 18, 2019) 

4.35 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement dated August 31, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2020) 

10.1 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement dated November 15, 2016, between SolarWindow, Inc. and each of John A. Conklin, Alastair Livesey and Joseph Sierchio (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed on November 18, 2016) 

10.2 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement dated January 5, 2016, between SolarWindow Technologies, Inc. and each of John A. Conklin, Alastair Livesey and Joseph Sierchio (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2016) 

10.3 
 Process Integration and Production Agreement dated August 2, 2017 by and between SolarWindow Technologies, Inc. and TriView Glass Industries, LLC, (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on August 8, 2017) 

10.4 
 Consulting agreements dated July 7, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on July 13, 2017) 

47 

10.5 
 Modification to the Stevenson-Wydler Cooperative Research and Development Agreement dated December 28, 2015 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on January 4, 2016) 

10.6 
 Employment Agreement dated January 1, 2014, between New Energy Technologies, Inc. and John A. Conklin (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed on January 31, 2014) 

10.7 
 Employment Agreement dated December 27, 2017, between SolarWindow Technologies, Inc. and John A. Conklin (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed on January 3, 2018) 

10.8 
 Redacted copy of the CRADA Modification (Incorporated by reference to the Form 8-K filed on March 22, 2018) 

10.9 
 Amendment to the March 2015 Loan Agreement dated November 26, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on November 29, 2018) 

10.11 
 Amendment to the 2013 Note as amended dated November 26, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on November 29, 2018) 

10.12 
 Lease dated May 1, 2019 between Rose Claudia of the Vestal Professional Building and Registrant for 300 Main Street, Suite 6, Vestal, New York (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed on July 9, 2019) 

10.13 
 Executive Consulting Agreement dated June 29, 2020 having an effective date of July 1, 2020 by and among SolarWindow Technologies, Inc., Vector Asset Management, Inc., and Jatinder S. Bhogal (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed on July 8, 2020) 

10.14 
 Stock Option Grant and Grant Agreement dated as of June 29, 2020 between SolarWindow Technologies, Inc., Jatinder S. Bhogal and Vector Asset Management, Inc. and having an effective date of July 1, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed on July 8, 2020) 

10.15 
 Executive Services Consulting Agreement dated August 31, 2020, between SolarWindow Technologies, Inc. and John Rhee, an individual (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2020) 

10.16 
 Non-statutory Stock Option Agreement dated as of August 31, 2020 between SolarWindow Technologies, Inc., and John Rhee, an individual (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2020) 

10.17 
 Stock Option Grant and Grant Agreement dated as of October 19, 2020 between SolarWindow Technologies, Inc., and Joseph Sierchio (Incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on September 4, 2020) 

10.18 
 Amendment dated March 1, 2021 to the Executive Services Consulting Agreement dated as of August 31, 2020, between SolarWindow Technologies, Inc., and John Rhee, an individual (Incorporated by reference to Form 10-Q filed on January 8, 2021). 

10.19 
 Separation and Release of Claims Agreement dated January 18, 2022 by and among SolarWindow Technologies, Inc. and Vector Asset Management, Inc. and Jatinder S. Bhogal (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on January 24, 2022). 

10.20 
 Form of Equipment Purchase Agreement dated February 10, 2022 between SolarWindow Asia Co., Ltd and WI-A Corporation (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 10-Q filed on April 8, 2022). 

17.0 
 Termination Notice dated May 8, 2022 (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2022). 

48 

99.0 
 N otice of Civil Claim, Endorsement on Originating Pleading or Petition for Service Outside British Columbia Notice of Application - Without Notice; Affidavit (incorporated by reference to the Company s Form 8-K filed on June 15, 2022) 

99.1 
 2006 Incentive Stock Option Plan (Incorporated by reference to the Form S-8 filed on March 15, 2011) 

31.1 
 Certification of the Acting Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 Certification of Acting Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension - Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension - Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension - Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension - Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension - Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL Document) 

Filed herewith. 

Management contract or compensatory plan. 

Furnished herewith. XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished
and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject
to liability under these sections. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

49 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SolarWindow Technologies, Inc. 

By: 
 /S/ Amit Singh 

Amit Singh 

Vice President (Acting Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Date: 
 August 30, 2023 

By: 
 /S/ Justin Frere, CPA 

Justin Frere, CPA 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Date: 
 August 30, 2023 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 Title 
 Date 

/s/ Harmel S. Rayat 
 Chairman and Director 
 August 30, 2023 
 
 Harmel S. Rayat 

/s/
 Bob Levine 
 Director 
 August 30, 2023 
 
 Bob Levine 

/s/ Joseph Sierchio 
 Director 
 August 30, 2023 
 
 Joseph Sierchio 

50 

SOLARWINDOW TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-4 

Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended August 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-5 

Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended August 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-6 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended August 31, 2022, and 2021 
 F-7 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Board of Directors and 

 Stockholders of SolarWindow Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of SolarWindow
Technologies, Inc. (the Company as of August 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations and
comprehensive loss, consolidated stockholder s equity, and consolidated cash flows for each of the two years in the in the period
ended August 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of August 31, 2022 and 2021, and
the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended August 31, 2022 and 2021, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 2 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit
of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts
or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments.
We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

August 30, 2023 

 PCAOB ID: 

F- 3 

SOLARWINDOW TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

August 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 
 - 

Deferred research and development costs 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and Equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 

Security deposit 
 - 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Related party payables 
 - 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders' equity 

Preferred stock: par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock: par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at August 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Retained deficit 

Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 4 

SOLARWINDOW TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPRENENSIVE LOSS 

Years Ended August 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenue 
 - 
 - 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest income 

Loss on disposal and impairment of assets 

Other income 
 
 - 
 
 Total other income (expense) 

Net loss 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Foreign currency translation gain/(loss) 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

Basic and Diluted Loss per Common Share 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 5 

SOLARWINDOW TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

Common Stock 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Retained Deficit 
 Total Stockholders' Equity 

Balance, August 31, 2020 

- 

Exercise of warrants 

- 
 - 

Exercise of stock options 

- 
 - 

Stock based compensation due to common stock purchase options 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss for the year ended August 31, 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, August 31, 2021 

Stock based compensation due to common stock purchase options 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss for the year ended August 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, August 31, 2022 

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 6 

SOLARWINDOW TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended August 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash flows used in operating activities 

Depreciation 

Stock based compensation expense 

Loss on disposal of assets 
 - 

Impairment of assets 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Deferred research and development costs 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease assets and liabilities 
 - 

Related party payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Purchase of short-term investments 
 - 

Sale of short-term investments 

Capital expenditures 

Proceeds from the sale of assets 
 - 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from the issuance of equity securities 
 - 

Net cash from financing activities 
 - 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

(The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 7 

SOLARWINDOW TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2022 AND 2021 

. The impairment was recognized due to the Company s inability
to obtain from the management of the Korean Subsidiary the complete financial statements and related documentation thereby placing into
doubt the recoverability of assets located in South Korea. Any amounts that become recoverable will be recognized accordingly. On January
13, 2023, the Board formally elected to dissolve the Korean Subsidiary. SWT has retained counsel in South Korea to provide legal services
on behalf of SWT with respect to the recovery of these assets. 

Liquidity 

The Company has not generated any revenue since inception and has sustained
recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception. We expect to incur losses as we continue to develop and further
refine and promote our technologies and potential product applications. As of August 31, 2022, the Company had of cash on hand
and working capital of . The Company believes that it currently has sufficient cash to meet its funding requirements over the
next twelve months following the issuance of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. However, the Company has experienced and continues to experience
negative cash flows from operations, as well as an ongoing requirement for substantial additional capital investment. The Company expects
that it may need to raise additional capital to accomplish its business plan. If additional funding is required, the Company expects to
seek to obtain that funding through financial or strategic investors. There can be no assurance as to the availability or terms upon which
such financing and capital might be available. 

Basis of presentation 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP ). 

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the
accounting period. The Company considers its accounting policies relating to stock-based compensation to be the most significant
accounting policy that involves management estimates and judgments. The Company has made accounting estimates based on the facts
and circumstances available as of the reporting date. Actual amounts could differ from these estimates, and such differences could be
material. 

Fiscal Year-End 

The Company s quarterly periods end on November 30, February
28 and May 31 with August 31 being the Company s fiscal year end. 

of cash as of August 31, 2022, including
 held in Canadian bank accounts in excess of Canadian Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limits. 

Short-term investment 
 - 

Cash and cash equivalents 

- years 
 
 Equipment, furniture and fixtures 
 
 years 

Following is the computation of basic and diluted net loss per share for
the years ended August 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Denominator: 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted EPS Computation 

The shares listed below were not included in the computation of diluted losses per share because to do so would be antidilutive for the periods presented: 

Stock options 

Warrants 

Total shares not included in the computation of diluted loss per share 

and , respectively, which were entirely
from foreign currency translation. 

As of and for the year ended August 31, 2022, the Company used the following
exchange rates. 

Recently adopted accounting pronouncements 

In December 2019, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting
Standards Update (ASU) 2019-12, Income Taxes Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The guidance removes
certain exceptions for recognizing deferred taxes for equity method investments, performing intra period allocation, and calculating income
taxes in interim periods. The ASU also adds guidance to reduce complexity in certain areas, including recognizing deferred taxes for goodwill
and allocating taxes to members of a consolidated group, among others. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting
periods beginning after December 15, 2020. Early adoption of the standard is permitted, including adoption in interim or annual periods
for which financial statements have not yet been issued. The transition requirements are dependent upon each amendment within this update
and applied either prospectively or retrospectively. The Company adopted ASU 2019-12 beginning September 1, 2021 with no impact on its
Financial Statements. 

Furniture and fixtures 
 - 

Equipment 

- 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 - 

In-process equipment 

- 
 
 Total property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

During the year ended August 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company purchased 
and of property and equipment, respectively. During the years ended August 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized straight-line
depreciation expense of and , respectively. During 2022, the Company disposed of of fully depreciated computer equipment. 

During 2022, the Company s Korean subsidiary agreed to purchase equipment
consisting of a roll-2-roll coating system for use in Korea. The Company paid approximately as a deposit. During 2022, the Company
canceled the equipment purchase and received a refund of approximately . For reasons discussed above, the Company impaired the
value of all property and equipment recorded on the books of the Korean Subsidiary, including the unreturned portion of roll-2-roll coating
system deposit of approximately and of furniture and fixtures and leasehold improvements net of accumulated depreciation. 

During the year ended August 31, 2019, the Company made deposits for in-process
equipment totaling towards the purchase of manufacturing equipment with an estimated total cost of . Due to the termination
of the Triview Process Integration and Production Agreement on September 27, 2019, subsequent COVID-19 pandemic and move into the Asian
markets, the Company placed on hold finalizing the equipment. The Company is currently evaluating configuration options in order to optimize
the equipment for manufacturing of the Company s initial product. Completion of the equipment may require additional payments of
up to approximately 510,000. 

As a result of the closure of the Vestal New York office, on November 30,
2021, the Company disposed of office equipment, computers and furniture with an historical cost totaling 21,543 and net book value of
 . The Company received of proceeds from the sale of the assets resulting in a loss of . 

authorized shares of common stock with a par value of per
share, and shares of common stock outstanding. 

2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan 

In 2006 the Company s Board and stockholders adopted and approved
 shares for grant under the 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2006 Plan ). The 2006 Plan was extended by
the Board on February 7, 2021 for a period of two years. The 2006 Plan expired on February 7, 2023. The 2006 Plan was adopted in order
to attract and retain the best available personnel for positions of substantial authority and to provide additional incentive to employees
and directors to promote the success of the Company s business. The 2006 Plan provided for the grant of incentive stock options,
non-qualified stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, and other types of awards to employees,
consultants, and directors. Stock option grants pursuant to the 2006 Plan vest from zero to five years and expire from six to ten years
after the date of grant with the exercise price equal to the fair value of the underlying stock on the date of grant. All shares approved
for grant and subsequently forfeited are available for future grant. The Company does not repurchase shares to fulfill the requirements
of options that are exercised and therefore issues new shares when options are exercised., see NOTE 5 - Stock Options for
additional information. 

Warrants 

Each of the Company s warrants outstanding entitles the holder to
purchase one share of the Company s common stock for each warrant share held. Other than the Series P Warrants, all of the following
warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis. A summary of the Company s warrants outstanding and exercisable as of August 31,
2022 and 2021 is as follows: 

Series N 

Series P 

Series R 

Series S-A 

Series S 

Series T 

Total 

During fiscal 2021, Series S Warrants were exercised resulting
in the issuance of shares of common stock and the receipt of . 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected term (in years)(simplified method) 

Exercise price 

Weighted-average grant date fair-value 

A summary of the Company s stock option activity for the years ended
August 31, 2022 and 2021 and related information follows: 

Grants 

Exercises 

Forfeitures and cancellations 

Outstanding at August 31, 2021 

Grants 

Forfeitures and cancellations 

Outstanding at August 31, 2022 

Exercisable at August 31, 2022 

The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the total pretax
intrinsic value for all in-the-money options (i.e. the difference between the Company s closing stock price on the
last trading day of the period covered by this report and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of shares) that would have been
received by the option holders had all in-the-money option holders exercised their vested options on August 31, 2022. The intrinsic value
of the option changes based upon the fair market value of the Company s common stock. Since the closing stock price was on
August 31, 2022 and all but outstanding options have an exercise price below per share, as of August 31, 2022, there is
 and of intrinsic value in the Company s outstanding stock options and vested options, respectively. 

Year Ended August 31, 2022 

Grants - On October 27, 2021, the Company s Board granted
 options to its officers and directors, with an exercise price of , exercisable on a cashless basis any time prior to the
Company s listing of any of its securities for trading on a national stock exchange, ten-year term and vesting as to 50 of the
options on the six-month anniversary of the date of grant and as to the remaining 50 of the options on the twelve-month anniversary from
the date of grant. 

Forfeitures and cancellations - totaled options, including
the forfeiture of unvested stock options as a result of Mr. Gary Parmar's resignation from the Board on November 10, 2021, the
forfeiture of options as a result of Mr. Jatinder S. Bhogal's resignation from management and the Board on January 18, 2022, and
the cancellation of options which expired unexercised. 

Year Ended August 31, 2021 

Grants - Pursuant to his appointment to the Board, on October 19,
2020, the Company s Board granted options to Joseph Sierchio, Director, with an exercise price of , exercisable on a
cashless basis any time prior to the Company s listing of any of its securities for trading on a national stock exchange, six-year
term and vesting at the rate of 12,500 on the date of grant and 12,500 each anniversary thereafter. 

Exercises upon the exercise of stock options by three
individuals between December 18, 2020 and February 23, 2021, the Company received and issued shares of restricted common
stock. 

Forfeitures and cancellations On December 18, 2020, Mr.
John Conklin and the Company entered into an Amendment to the Separation, Consulting and Release of Claims Agreement dated November 24,
2020. Pursuant to the Amendment, no further payments are due to Mr. Conklin and all stock options granted under his employment agreement
totaling were cancelled. In addition, unvested options granted to Mr. Conklin on July 5, 2019 were also cancelled. 
options expired and options that were previously canceled as a result of an employee reduction in hours were reinstated due to the
continuation of that employee s services. 

Research and development 

Total 

As of August 31, 2022, the Company had of unrecognized compensation
cost related to unvested stock options which is expected to be recognized over a period of years. 

The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding
and exercisable at August 31, 2022: 

2.60 

3.42 

3.46 

3.54 

3.66 

4.87 

6.00 

6.21 

8.00 

Total 

In September 2020, the Korean Subsidiary entered a lease for office space.

The Company s policy is to record all leases with a term of less
than one year as an operating lease with rent expensed recorded on a straight-line basis and to not recognize lease assets or lease liabilities. 

On May 1, 2019, the Company leased office space in Vestal, New York and
entered into a Professional Building Lease Agreement (the Lease ). On November 30, 2020, the Company terminated
the Lease and entered into a lease termination agreement (the Termination Agreement ). Pursuant to the terms of the
Termination Agreement, the Company made a payment of and delivered the premises in good order including the removal of furniture
and fixtures which the Company disposed, See NOTE 3 Property and Equipment for additional information related to
the disposal of the furniture and fixtures. All related assets and liabilities were written off with of unrecognized interest expense
charged to rent expense. 

As of August 31, 2022, the Company has not entered into any leases
other than those described above which have not yet commenced and would entitle the Company to significant rights or create additional
obligations. 

The components of lease expenses are as follows: 

(a) 

(b) 

per month and was eligible for an annual
bonus. VAMI also incurred expenses on behalf of the Company which are reimbursed according to the Company s expense reimbursement
policy. In connection with the ECA and the Separation and Release of Claims Agreement dated January 18, 2022 by and among the Company,
VAMI and Mr. Bhogal, the Company recognized cash compensation expense of and during the years ended August 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. As of August 31, 2022, all amounts owed to VAMI are paid. 

Joseph Sierchio, one of the Company s directors, has maintained his
role as the Company s general counsel since its inception as Principal of the law firm of Sierchio Partners, LLP, and then
as a Partner with Satterlee Stephens LLP and beginning in August 2020, as Principal of Sierchio Law, LLP pursuant to an engagement letter
which provides for an annual fee of 175,000 in exchange for general counsel services. Mr. Sierchio resigned from the Board effective
October 22, 2018, and was reappointed on October 1, 2020. Fees for legal services billed by Sierchio Law, LLP from October 1, 2020 through
August 31, 2021, totaled and for the year ended August 31, 2022. As of August 31, 2022, all amounts owed to Sierchio
Law, LLP are paid. 

All related party transactions are recorded at the exchange amount established
and agreed to between related parties and are in the normal course of business. 

Foreign 

Loss before income taxes 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes.
Significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets at August 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Capitalized research and development 

Stock based compensation 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Depreciation 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred taxes 
 - 
 - 

The net increase in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets was
 and during the year ended August 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company evaluates its valuation allowance requirements
on an annual basis based on projected future operations. When circumstances change and this causes a change in management s judgment
about the realizability of deferred tax assets, the impact of the change on the valuation allowance is reflected in current operations. 

For federal income tax purposes, the Company has U.S. federal net operating
loss carry forwards at August 31, 2022 available to offset future federal taxable income, if any, of , which will begin to
expire in 2022. These carryforwards may be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
and similar state provisions if the Company experienced one or more ownership changes which would limit the amount of NOL and tax credit
carryforwards that can be utilized to offset future taxable income and tax, respectively. In general, an ownership change, as defined
by Section 382 and 383, results from transactions increasing ownership of certain stockholders or public groups in the stock of the corporation
by more than 50 percentage points over a three-year period. The Company also has foreign net operating losses of as of August
31, 2022, which will begin to expire in 2035. 

The effects of state income taxes were insignificant for the years ended
August 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The following is a reconciliation between expected income tax benefit and
actual, using the applicable statutory income tax rate of for the year ended August 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Foreign rate differential 

Permanent differences 

Stock options 

Other 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total 
 - 
 - 

The fiscal years 2020 through 2022 remain open to examination by federal
authorities and other jurisdictions in which the Company operates. 

The Company does t have any uncertain tax positions at August 31, 2022
and 2021 that would affect its effective tax rate. The Company does not anticipate a significant change in the amount of unrecognized
tax benefits over the next twelve months. Because the Company is in a loss carryforward position, the Company is generally subject to
US federal and state income tax examinations by tax authorities for all years for which a loss carryforward is available. If and when
applicable, the Company will recognize interest and penalties as part of income tax expense. 

Series M warrants, Series N warrants, Series P warrants,
 Series R warrants, Series S-A warrants, and Series S warrants. 

On January 13, 2023, the Board determined that it is in the best interests
of the Company to discontinue operations in South Korea and to dissolve the Korean Subsidiary. 

On March 17, 2023 the 2006 Long-Term Incentive Plan expired. 

F-19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exh_311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Amit Singh, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
of SolarWindow Technologies, Inc. (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. As the registrant s certifying officer I am
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. As the registrant s certifying officer I have
disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 30, 2023 
 /s/ Amit Singh 

Amit Singh 

Vice President 

(Acting Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exh_312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Justin Frere, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
of SolarWindow Technologies, Inc. (the Registrant ); 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. As the registrant s certifying officer,I am
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is
being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. As the registrant s certifying officer I have
disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit
committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 30, 2023 
 /s/ Justin Frere, CPA 

Justin Frere, CPA 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exh_321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The undersigned, as the Acting Principal Executive Officer and the Interim
Chief Financial Officer of SolarWindow Technologies, Inc., respectively, certifies that, to the best of their knowledge and belief, the
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2022 that accompanies this certification fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the annual report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of SolarWindow Technologies, Inc. at the dates and for the periods
indicated. The foregoing certification is made pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) and shall not be relied
upon for any other purpose. 

Date: August 30, 2023 
 /s/ Amit Singh 

Amit Singh 

Vice President (Acting Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: August 30, 2023 
 /s/ Justin Frere, CPA 

Justin Frere, CPA 

Interim Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 wndw-20220831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 wndw-20220831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 wndw-20220831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 wndw-20220831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

