<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230714_10-K_edgar_data_1678105_0001640334-23-001295.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2543690</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>72637</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>547407</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>559916</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>554370</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>759060</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-23-001295.hdr.sgml : 20230714
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230714163950
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-23-001295
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230714
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230714

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Caro Holdings Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001678105
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-CATALOG & MAIL-ORDER HOUSES [5961]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-212268
		FILM NUMBER:		231089540

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7 CASTLE STREET
		CITY:			SHEFFIELD
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			S3 8LT
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(786) 755-3210

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7 CASTLE STREET
		CITY:			SHEFFIELD
		STATE:			X0
		ZIP:			S3 8LT

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-23-001295.txt : 20230714

10-K
 1
 caro_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

caro_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended: TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number (Exact name of small business issuer as specified in its charter) None (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Issuer s telephone number) Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: Title of Each Class Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered N/A N/A Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: ____________________________________ Title of Class Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Check whether the issuer is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. The aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on September 30, 2022, was based on a 0.01 average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock on July 14, 2023: Common Stock: TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PARTI Item 1. Description of Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 5 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 5 Item 2 Description of Property 5 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 5 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 5 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 5 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis Of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 5 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 7 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data F-1 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 8 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 8 Item 9B. Other Information 8 PARTIII Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 9 Item 11. Executive Compensation 10 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 10 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 10 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 11 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits 12 SIGNATURES 13 2 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Description of Business. Our Company This annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should , expects , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, including the risks in the section entitled Risk Factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. Our financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. In this annual report, unless otherwise specified, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to common shares refer to the common shares in our capital stock. As used in this current report and unless otherwise indicated, the terms we , us , our and Caro mean Caro Holdings Inc., unless otherwise indicated. Our History Our company was incorporated on March 29, 2016 in the State of Nevada. We had been engaged in the subscription box business with our initial focus on offering sock subscriptions to our customers. Our subscription box was a package of a pair of socks sent directly to a customer on a recurring basis. In April of 2022, the Company underwent a change in ownership. Effective April 28, 2022, Rozh Caroro, the previous sole director, CEO and majority shareholder of the Company, entered into a stock purchase agreement for the sale of 36,795,000 shares of Common Stock of the Company to Christopher McEachnie. As a result of the stock transfer, Mr. McEachnie holds approximately 92 of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company, and as such he is able to unilaterally control the election of our board of directors, all matters upon which shareholder approval is required and, ultimately, the direction of our Company. Also effective April 25, 2022, the previous sole officer and director of the Company, Rozh Caroro, resigned her positions with the Company. Upon her resignation, Mr. McEachnie was appointed as Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, and sole Director of the Company. On September 21 2022, the Company incorporated a subsidiary Caro Holdings International Ltd. in the UK. To streamline operations, hire employees, consultants and contractors including the payment of payroll taxes and the collection of local VAT, Caro Holdings International Ltd, has been established. The subsidiary is currently enhancing the ecommerce software that will allow the Small and Medium sized Business (SMB) community to sell, market and distribute their products. The company intends to create subsidiaries in markets where it perceives a significant sales opportunity. Prior to September 2022, our company s activities have been limited to the sourcing of our advertising channels, initial branding efforts, and in our formation and the raising of equity capital. Our Current Business We are now engaged in the development of our Direct to Consumer (D2C) systems and methodologies where we analyze the marketplace and work with mid-size brands that have a strong bricks and mortar presence, and have a desire to increase their digital presence. Our D2C system is designed to be a fully integrated, end-to-end system that allows control of data that provides insight from multiple channels to facilitate successful marketing decisions based on a client s entire business performance. Based on these analytics, the system can immediately deploy personalization and optimization independently, and enhance understanding of how customer interactions vary across different regions. Furthermore, our infrastructure is designed to take advantage of growth opportunities with minimal additional costs. Since September 2022, the company has identified all of the components that it needs to provide service. It has been actively either acquiring or building these core components, plus additional features. It has engaged in a number of marketing activities, and has example clients in multiple industries using, testing and providing feedback for our system. The Company is also looking to provide its marketplace platform for the sale of products and services to the pet care industry via primary national suppliers in the United States. The Company is also engaging in social media campaigns, making businesses aware of our services. Our marketing strategies are expected to include attending trade shows and fairs, online conferences, and utilizing identified experts in affiliate marketing, pay per click, organic, search, engine, optimization, and social media marketing to promote D2C commerce. On December 29, 2022, the Company entered into a software license agreement with Noise Comms Ltd. for the acquisition of a Unified Communications Platform which enables multi-party communications between brands and consumers in consideration of 20,000,000 shares of common stock valued at 258,000. We are a small early-stage development company. We have no revenues and have limited cash on hand. We have sustained losses since inception and have relied upon loans from directors and officers and the sale of our securities for funding. We have never declared bankruptcy, been in receivership, or involved in any kind of legal proceeding. Marketing, Advertising, and Promotion We believe that our systems will become one of our most important assets. Our ability to successfully create brand awareness is dependent upon our ability to address the changing needs and priorities of each brand s target customers. To that end, we plan to focus much of our marketing efforts to recruit partners. We will then apply our methodologies to better understand their customers and their needs and ensure we align our brand messages in the marketing, and the channels through which we deliver these messages, to the target customers. 3 Table of Contents Revenue We had no revenue for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. Inventory The Company does not currently have any inventory on hand. Government Regulation We are subject to general business regulations and laws, as well as regulations and laws specifically governing the Internet and e-commerce. Existing and future laws and regulations may impede the growth of our Internet or e-commerce services. These regulations and laws may cover taxation, privacy, data protection, pricing, content, copyrights, distribution, mobile communications, electronic contracts and other communications, consumer protection, the provision of e-commerce payment services, unencumbered Internet communications, consumer protection, the provision of e-commerce payment services, unencumbered Internet access to our services, the design and operation of websites and the characteristics and quality of products and services. It is not clear how certain existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, libel and personal privacy apply to the Internet and e-commerce. Unfavorable regulations and laws could diminish the demand for our products and services and increase our costs of doing business. In addition, we may be subject to international trade agreements, such as the North American Free Trade Agreement and the activities and regulations of the World Trade Organization. We believe that we are in conformity with all applicable laws in the United States. While we believe that our operations are in compliance with all applicable regulations, there can be no assurances that from time to time unintentional violations of such regulations will not occur. Cost and Effects of Compliance with Environmental Laws Compliance with federal, state and local provisions regulating the discharge of material into the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment has not had a material effect upon our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. We believe the nature of our operations have little, if any, environmental impact. We therefore anticipate no material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities for our current fiscal year or for the near future. Acquisition Interest As part of our investigation, we expect to meet personally with management and key personnel, visit and inspect material facilities, obtain independent analysis of verification of certain information provided, check references of management and key personnel, and take other reasonable investigative measures, to the extent of our limited financial resources and management expertise. The manner in which we participate in an opportunity will depend on the nature of the opportunity, the respective needs and desires of both parties, and the management of the opportunity. With respect to any merger or acquisition, and depending upon, among other things, the target company s assets and liabilities, our stockholders will in all likelihood hold a substantially lesser percentage ownership interest in us following any merger or acquisition. The percentage ownership may be subject to significant reduction in the event we acquire a target company with assets and expectations of growth. Any merger or acquisition can be expected to have a significant dilutive effect on the percentage of shares held by our stockholders. We will participate in a business opportunity only after the negotiation and execution of appropriate written business agreements. Although the terms of such agreements cannot be predicted, generally we anticipate that such agreements will (i) require specific representations and warranties by all of the parties; (ii) specify certain events of default; (iii) detail the terms of closing and the conditions which must be satisfied by each of the parties prior to and after such closing; (iv) outline the manner of bearing costs, including costs associated with the Company s attorneys and accountants; (v) set forth remedies on defaults; and (vi) include miscellaneous other terms. As stated above, we will not acquire or merge with any entity which cannot provide independent audited financial statements within a reasonable period of time after closing of the proposed transaction. If such audited financial statements are not available at closing, or within time parameters necessary to insure our compliance within the requirements of the 1934 Act, or if the audited financial statements provided do not conform to the representations made by that business to be acquired, the definitive closing documents will provide that the proposed transaction will be voidable, at the discretion of our present management. If such transaction is voided, the definitive closing documents will also contain a provision providing for reimbursement for our costs associated with the proposed transaction. Investment Company Act 1940 Although we will be subject to regulation under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the 1934 Act, we believe we will not be subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the 1940 Act insofar as we will not be engaged in the business of investing or trading in securities. In the event we engage in business combinations that result in us holding passive investment interests in a number of entities, we could be subject to regulation under the 1940 Act. In such event, we would be required to register as an investment company and incur significant registration and compliance costs. We have obtained no formal determination from the SEC as to our status under the 1940 Act and, consequently, any violation of the 1940 Act would subject us to material adverse consequences. We believe that, currently, we are exempt under Regulation 3a-2 of the 1940 Act. Intellectual Property We are currently engaged in developing our own proprietary intellectual property. Employees We presently have no full time executive, operational or clerical staff. Factors Effecting Future Performance Rather than an operating business, our goal is to obtain debt and/or equity financing to meet our ongoing operating expenses and attempt to merge with another entity with experienced management and opportunities for growth in return for shares of our common stock to create value for our shareholders. Although there is no assurance that this series of events will be successfully completed, we believe we can successfully complete an acquisition or merger which will enable us to continue as a going concern. Any acquisition or merger will most likely be dilutive to our existing stockholders. 4 Table of Contents WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION You are advised to read this Form 10-K in conjunction with other reports and documents that we file from time to time with the SEC. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available from the SEC website at www.sec.gov and on our corporate website at www.caroholdings.com. Item 1A. Risk Factors As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. Item 2. Properties Our principal business and corporate address is 7 Castle Street, Sheffield, UK, S3 8LT; our telephone number is +1 (786) 755 3210. We plan to find offices for our programmers, sales teams and executive team in the near future. Our corporate website is www.caroholdings.com. Item 3. Legal Proceedings We know of no material pending legal proceedings to which our company is a party or of which any of our properties, or the properties of our subsidiaries, is the subject. In addition, we do not know of any such proceedings contemplated by any governmental authorities. We know of no material proceedings in which any of our directors, officers or affiliates, or any registered or beneficial stockholder is a party adverse to our company or has a material interest adverse to our company or our subsidiaries. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our common stock is quoted on the OTC Markets Group, Inc. over-the-counter marketplace. Our shares are issued in registered form. ClearTrust, LLC, 16540 Pointe Village Drive, Suite 210, Lutz, Florida 33558 (Telephone: (813) 235-4490; Facsimile: (813) 388- 4549) is the registrar and transfer agent for our common shares. On July 12, 2023, the shareholders list showed 6 registered shareholders with 60,000,000 shares of common stock outstanding. Dividend Policy There are no restrictions in our articles of incorporation or bylaws that prevent us from declaring dividends. The Nevada Revised Statutes, however, do prohibit us from declaring dividends where after giving effect to the distribution of the dividend: 1. we would not be able to pay our debts as they become due in the usual course of business, or; 2. our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the rights of shareholders who have preferential rights superior to those receiving the distribution. We have not declared any dividends and we do not plan to declare any dividends in the foreseeable future. Equity Compensation Plan Information We do not have any equity compensation plans. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities We did not sell any equity securities which were not registered under the Securities Act during the year ended March 31, 2023 that were not otherwise disclosed on our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or our current reports on Form 8-K filed during the year ended March 31, 2023. Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers We did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. Item 6. [Reserved] Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated audited financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report. Our consolidated audited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 5 Table of Contents Results of Operations Year Ended March 31, 2023 Compared to Year Ended March 31, 2022 Year Ended March 31, Change Change 2023 2022 Amount Percentage Revenue - - - - Operating expenses 249,152 61,099 188,053 308 Loss from operations (249,152 (61,099 (188,053 308 Other expenses (107,327 - (107,327 100 Net Loss (356,479 (61,099 (295,380 483 Net loss increased from 61,099 for the year ended March 31, 2022 to 356,479 for the year ended March 31, 2023 due to the increase in operating expenses and other expenses. During the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, we did not generate revenues. Operating expenses for the year ended March 31, 2023 consisted of audit and accounting fees, software development expense, legal fees, consulting fees and website development expense. The increase in operating expenses was primarily a result of an increase in development activities, audit fees, legal fees and consulting fees. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company incurred other expenses of 107,327 mainly consist of loss on convertible notes of 111,956. Liquidity and Financial Condition Working Capital (Deficiency) March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022 Current Assets 8,292 - Current Liabilities 391,054 22,003 Working Capital Deficiency (382,762 (22,003 Cash Flows Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 Cash used in Operating Activities (174,532 (1,929 Cash used in Investing Activities (6,000 - Cash provided by Financing Activities 186,976 500 Effects on changes in foreign exchange rate (4,165 - Net changes in cash during period 2,279 (1,429 Our total current assets as of March 31, 2023 were as 8,292 compared to total current assets of 0 as of March 31, 2022. The increase was primarily due to an increase in cash as the Company opened a bank account in September 2022 and an increase in promissory note receivable for loan advancement to an unaffiliate. Our total current liabilities as of March 31, 2023 were 391,054 as compared to total current liabilities of 22,003 as of March 31, 2022. The increase was attributed by the increase in convertible notes, promissory notes, due to related parties and accounts payable and accrued liabilities. Working capital deficiency increased from 22,003 as of March 31, 2022 to 382,762 as of March 31, 2023 mainly due to the increase in convertible notes, promissory notes, due to related parties and accounts payable and accrued liabilities. The report of our auditors on our audited financial statements for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, contains a going concern qualification as we have suffered losses since our inception. We have no operating revenues. We have been dependent on sales of equity securities and debt financing to conduct operations. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on its ability to raise additional capital and implement its business plan. Operating Activities For the year ended March 31, 2023, net cash used in operating activities was 174,532, related to our net loss of 356,479, increased by an increase in interest receivable of 13, decreased by loss on convertible notes of 106,666, an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 70,004 and an increase in accrued interest payable of 5,290. For the year ended March 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 1,929, related to our net loss of 61,099, decreased by a decrease in prepaid expense of 2,500 and an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 56,670. 6 Table of Contents Investing Activities For the year ended March 31, 2023, net cash used in investing activities was 6,000 for loan advancement to an unaffiliated company. We did not use any funds for investing activities for the year ended March 31, 2022. Financing Activities For the year ending March 31, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities was 186,976 comprising of proceeds from issuance of promissory note of 25,000, proceeds from issuance of convertible notes of 160,000 and advancement from related party of 1,976. For the year ended March 31, 2022, net cash used by financing activities was 500 from advancement from related party. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders. Critical Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation The financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles used in the United States of America US GAAP ). Use of Estimates In preparing financial statements in conformity with US GAAP, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Management makes these estimates using the best information available at the time the estimates are made. However, actual results could differ materially from those estimates. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Company adopted the provisions of ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, which defines fair value as used in numerous accounting pronouncements, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and expands disclosure of fair value measurements. The estimated fair value of certain financial instruments, including accounts payable and accrued liabilities. are carried at historical cost basis, which approximates their fair values because of the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying amounts of our short term credit obligations approximate fair value because the effective yields on these obligations, which include contractual interest rates taken together with other features such as embedded conversion options, are comparable to rates of returns for instruments of similar credit risk. ASC 820 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 820 describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: Level 1 - quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities Level 2 - quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable Level 3 - inputs that are unobservable (for example cash flow modeling inputs based on assumptions) Recently Accounting Pronouncements In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, ASC Subtopic 470-20 Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options and ASC subtopic 815-40 Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity . The standard reduced the number of accounting models for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. Convertible instruments that continue to be subject to separation models are (1) those with embedded conversion features that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract, that meet the definition of a derivative, and that do not qualify for a scope exception from derivative accounting; and, (2) convertible debt instruments issued with substantial premiums for which the premiums are recorded as paid-in capital. The amendments in this update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently assessing the impact of the adoption of this standard on its consolidated financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 7 Table of Contents Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data CARO HOLDINGS, INC. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Pages Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Ex-auditor opinion for year ended March 31, 2022 F-3 Balance Sheets F-4 Statements of Operations F-5 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-6 Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the shareholders and the board of directors of Caro Holdings Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Caro Holdings Inc. (the "Company") as of March 31, 2023, the related statement of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s BF Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID We have served as the Company's auditor since 2023 July 14, 2023 F-2 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Caro Holdings Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of Caro Holdings Inc. (the Company as of March 31, 2022, and the related statements of operations, change in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of March 31,2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern Matter The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. /s/ MaloneBailey, LLP www.malonebailey.com We have served as the Company's auditor since 2016. Houston, Texas October 17, 2022 F-3 CARO HOLDINGS INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS March 31, March 31, 2023 2022 ASSETS Current Assets Cash Promissory note receivable Interest receivable Total Current Assets Software TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued interest payable Due to related parties Promissory notes payable Convertible notes payable Total Current Liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES Stockholders Deficit Preferred stock: authorized; par value. No shares issued and outstanding Common stock: authorized; par value. shares and shares issued and outstanding, respectively Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total Stockholders Deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents CARO HOLDINGS INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS For the Year Ended March 31, 2023 2022 Operating Expenses General and administration Professional fees Management consulting fees - related party Software and website development Total operating expenses Loss from operations Other income (expense) Interest expense Interest income Foreign exchange gain Total other income (expense) Net loss before taxes Provision for income taxes Net loss Other comprehensive loss Comprehensive Loss Net Loss Per Common Share Basic and Diluted Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements F-5 Table of Contents CARO HOLDINGS INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 Additional Accumulated Total Common Stock Paid in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Stockholder s Number of Shares Amount Capital Deficit Loss Deficit Balance - March 31, 2021 Issuance of common stock for repayment of related party loan Net loss - Balance - March 31, 2022 Issuance of common stock for Acquisition of software from related party Other comprehensive loss - Net loss - Balance - March 31, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents CARO HOLDINGS INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the year ended March 31, 2023 2022 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Loss on convertible notes Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Interest receivable Prepaid expenses Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued interest payable Net Cash Used in Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Advancement on loan receivable Net Cash Used in Investing Activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from issuance of promissory note Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes Advancement from related party Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities Effects on changes in foreign exchange rate Net Changes in Cash Cash, beginning of period Cash, end of period Supplemental Disclosure Information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: Operating expenses paid by related parties Common stock issued for repayment of related party loan Issuance of common stock for acquisition of software from related party The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-7 Table of Contents CARO HOLDINGS INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MARCH 31, 2023 shares of Common Stock of the Company to Christopher McEachnie. As a result of the stock transfer, Mr. McEachnie holds approximately of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company, and as such he is able to unilaterally control the election of our board of directors, all matters upon which shareholder approval is required and, ultimately, the direction of our Company. Also effective April 25, 2022, the previous sole officer and director of the Company, Rozh Caroro, resigned her positions with the Company. Upon her resignation, Mr. McEachnie was appointed as Chief Executive Officer, Treasurer and Secretary, and sole Director of the Company. On September 21 2022, the Company incorporated a subsidiary Caro Holdings International Ltd. in the UK to streamline operations, hire employees, consultants and contractors including the payment of payroll taxes and the collection of local VAT. The subsidiary is currently enhancing the ecommerce software that will allow the Small and Medium sized Business (SMB) community to sell, market and distribute their products. The company intends to create subsidiaries in markets where it perceives a significant sales opportunity. The Company is located at 7 Castle Street, Sheffield, UK. , and a net loss of for the year ended March 31, 2023. The Company did not generate revenues during the year ended March 31, 2023. These factors among others raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on its ability to raise additional capital and implement its business plan. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Management believes that the current actions to obtain additional funding and implement its strategic plans provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. There are no assurances that additional funds will be available when needed from any source or, if available, will be available on terms that are acceptable to us. Basis of Consolidation F-8 n/a Average GBP: USD exchange rate n/a Use of Estimates Reclassifications Intangible Assets Related Parties F-9 Convertible Note Software Development was capitalized and none of the costs associated with software development met the criteria for capitalization. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company incurred software development cost. Web Development Cost web development cost. Net Income (Loss) per Share - - F-10 Table of Contents Recently Accounting Pronouncements shares of common stock. For the last six years, the director and COO of the Company has been operating Noise Comms Ltd and is the sole shareholder, COO and director. On January 9, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock at deemed share price (based on the latest arm-length share transaction price in April 2022) to Noise Comms Ltd. for the acquisition of the software valued at . The software will be amortized over estimated useful life of seven years following launch of the service planned during the 4 th quarter of year 2023. As of March 31, 2023, the intangible asset was . Based on the carrying value of finite-lived intangible assets as of March 31, 2023, the amortization expense for the next seven years will be as follows: 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter . The loan bears interest at per annum and has a six month term. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company issued in loan receivable to the unaffiliate. As of March 31, 2023 the loan receivable was . promissory note to an unaffiliated party. The note bears interest at per annum and matures in six months from the issuance date. As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the promissory note payable was and , respectively. As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the accrued interest payable was and , respectively. F-11 and , respectively. On October 13, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to issue a convertible promissory note to an unaffiliate for an amount of . The convertible promissory note bears interest at per annum and matures six months from the issuance date. . Debt premium of was recognized as a loss on convertible note and charged to interest expense. As of March 31, 2023, the balance of the convertible note was . On November 8, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to issue a convertible promissory note to an unaffiliate for an amount of . The convertible promissory note bears interest at per annum and matures one year from the issuance date. . Debt premium of was recognized as a loss on convertible note and charged to interest expense. As of March 31, 2023, the balance of the convertible note was . On November 19, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to issue a convertible promissory note to an unaffiliate for an amount of . The convertible promissory note bears interest at per annum and matures six months from the issuance date. . Debt premium of was recognized as a loss on convertible note and charged to interest expense. As of March 31, 2023, the balance of the convertible note was . On February 22, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement to issue a convertible promissory note to an unaffiliate for an amount of . The convertible promissory note bears interest at per annum and matures six months from the issuance date. . Debt premium of was recognized as a loss on convertible note and charged to interest expense. As of March 31, 2023, the balance of the convertible note was . Accrued interest on convertible notes During the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, interest expense of (including 106,666 loss on convertible notes charged to interest expense as described above) and was incurred on convertible notes, respectively. As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, accrued interest payable on convertible notes was and , respectively. shares of common stock to Noise Comms Ltd., a corporation controlled by the director and COO of the Company, for the acquisition of software valued at . (Note 4) During the year ended March 31, 2023, the director and Chief Executive Officer CEO of the Company paid on behalf of the Company for business operation purpose. On December 31, 2022, the Company entered into a board resolution with the director and CEO of the Company for the cancellation of shares of common stock. As of March 31, 2023, the cancellation of the common stock transaction has not been completed. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the director and Chief Operating Officer COO of the Company advanced (GBP1,640) to the subsidiary of the Company for operation purposes. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company incurred management consulting fees to the director and COO of the Company. As of March 31, 2023, the management consulting fee payable to the director and COO of the Company was . As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, there was due to the current directors of the Company and due to the former director and CEO of the Company, respectively. shares at par value. Common Stock On January 9, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to Noise Comms Ltd., a corporation controlled by the director and COO of the Company, for the acquisition of software valued at . (Note 4 7) As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, the issued and outstanding common stock was shares and shares, respectively. F-12 Tax Rate Deferred tax asset Less: Valuation allowance Deferred tax asset As of March 31, 2023, the Company had approximately in net operating losses NOLs that may be available to offset future taxable income, which . NOLs generated in tax years prior to March 31, 2018, can be carried forward for twenty years, whereas NOLs generated after March 31, 2018 can be carried forward indefinitely. In accordance with Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, the usage of the Company s net operating loss carry forwards is subject to annual limitations following greater than ownership changes. Tax returns for the years ended 2016 through 2023 are subject to review by the tax authorities. shares of common stock. As at the date of this filing, the cancellation of the common stock transaction has not been completed. On April 3, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement to issue a promissory note to an unaffiliate for an amount of . The promissory note bears interest at per annum and matures six months from the issuance date. On April 19, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement to issue a convertible promissory note to an unaffiliate for an amount of . The convertible promissory note bears interest at per annum and matures six months from the issuance date. . On May 11, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement to issue a convertible promissory note to an unaffiliate for an amount of . The convertible promissory note bears interest at per annum and matures one year from the issuance date. . On May 15, 2023, the Company issued to an unaffiliate pursuant to a loan agreement signed on March 20, 2023 for loan amount of up to . This is the 2 nd loan payment issued to the unaffiliate for a total of loan receivable as of May 15, 2023. F-13 Table of Contents Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. Not applicable. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed with an objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our periodic reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, such as this Annual Report on Form 10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission. Disclosure controls are also designed with an objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer, in order to allow timely consideration regarding required disclosures. The evaluation of our disclosure controls by our principal executive officer included a review of the controls objectives and design, the operation of the controls, and the effect of the controls on the information presented in this Annual Report. Our management, including our chief executive officer, does not expect that disclosure controls can or will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud, if any. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Also, projections of any evaluation of the disclosure controls and procedures to future periods are subject to the risk that the disclosure controls and procedures may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. As of the end of the period covered by this report, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 were ineffective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. There have been no material changes in our internal controls over financial reporting or in other factors that could materially affect, or are reasonably likely to affect, our internal controls over financial reporting during the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. Mana g ement s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the company in accordance with as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the (i) effectiveness and efficiency of operations, (ii) reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and (iii) compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Our internal controls framework is based on the criteria set forth in the Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management s assessment of the effectiveness of the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting is as of the year ended March 31, 2023. We believe that internal control over financial reporting is not effective. We have identified current material weaknesses considering the nature and extent of our current operations and any risks or errors in financial reporting under current operations. The Company has inadequate segregation of duties and ineffective risk assessment, and insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of both US GAAP and SEC guidelines. This is caused by a limited number of personnel. This annual report does not include an attestation report of the company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. Changes in Internal Control Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. Not applicable. 8 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons of the Company Directors and Executive Officers The following table sets forth the names, ages, and positions with us for each of our directors and officers as of July 12, 2023: Name Age Position Since Christopher McEachnie(1) 50 Director, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Treasurer April 2022 Christopher McEachnie(1) 50 Director, Chief Executive Officer September 2022 Meriesha Rennalls 40 Chief Operating Officer, President, Director and Secretary September 2022 (1) Christopher McEachnie resigned as President, CFO and Treasurer September 21, 2022. Christopher McEachnie Mr. McEachnie grew up in West Vancouver with his older brothers. At the age of 19 he moved to Whistler BC and started a successful ski tuning company called Midnights Edge while working summers at Whistler Woodcraft Ltd. He ventured in real estate investment eventually purchasing several homes in Whistler Squamish and North Vancouver. Still based out of western Canada, Mr. McEachnie now runs a successful roofing company that installs commercial and residential roofs across the region. He also runs social media platform Umiie World Inc. which is a project he began working on several years ago. Meriesha Rennalls For the past 3 years, Ms. Rennalls has been acting as a COO for a telecom company, handling operations, client care and providing engineering support. She is an experienced product and project manager, familiar with the full suite of products in Unified Communications. She is an experienced operational telecom executive with broad based perspective gained from more than 15 years in the field, working with telephony carriers such KCOM, Verizon, Bandwidth and BT/Openreach. Audit Committee The Company does not presently have an Audit Committee and the entire Board acts in such capacity for the immediate future due to the limited size of the Board. The Company intends to increase the size of its Board in the future, at which time it may appoint an Audit Committee. In lieu of an Audit Committee the Board is empowered to make such examinations as are necessary to monitor the corporate financial reporting and the external audits of the Company, to provide to the Board of Directors (the Board the results of its examinations and recommendations derived there from, to outline to the Board improvements made, or to be made, in internal control, to nominate independent auditors, and to provide to the Board such additional information and materials as it may deem necessary to make the Board aware of significant financial matters that require Board attention. Compensation Committee The Company does not presently have a Nominating Committee and the Board acts in such capacity for the immediate future due to the limited size of the Board. The Company intends to increase the size of its Board in the future, at which time it may appoint a Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee will be authorized to review and make recommendations to the Board regarding all forms of compensation to be provided to the executive officers and directors of the Company, including stock compensation, and bonus compensation to all employees. Nominating Committee The Company does not have a Nominating Committee and the Board acts in such capacity. Code of Conduct and Ethics Our board of directors has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees, in accordance with applicable federal securities laws and the FINRA Rules. Indemnification of Executive Officers and Directors Our articles provide to the fullest extent permitted by Nevada law, that our directors or officers shall not be personally liable to the Company or our stockholders for damages for breach of such directors or officers fiduciary duty. The effect of this provision of our articles is to eliminate our rights and the rights of our stockholders (through stockholders derivative suits on behalf of the Company) to recover damages against a director or officer for breach of the fiduciary duty of care as a director or officer (including breaches resulting from negligent or grossly negligent behavior), except under certain situations defined by statute. We believe that the indemnification provisions in our articles are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers. Nevada corporate law provides that a corporation may indemnify a director, officer, employee or agent made a party to an action by reason of that fact that he was a director, officer employee or agent of the corporation or was serving at the request of the corporation against expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the corporation and with respect to any criminal action, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. 9 Table of Contents Item 11. Executive Compensation Executive compensation during the years ended March 31, 2023 was as follows: Change in Pension Non- Value and Equity Nonqualified Incentive Deferred All Plan Compensa- Other Stock Option Compensa- tion Compensa- Salary Bonus Awards Awards tion Earnings tion Total Name and Principal Position Year ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Rozh Caroro President, CEO, CFO, Treasurer and Director (1) 2022 - - - - - - - - Christopher McEachnie President (2) 2022 - - - - - - - - CEO, CFO, Treasurer and Director 2023 - - - - - - - - Meriesha Rennalls, President 2022 - - - - - - - - COO, Secretary and Director 2023 - - - - - - - - (1) On April 25, 2022, Rozh Caroro resigned her position as sole officer and director of the Company. Upon her resignation, Christopher McEachnie was appointed as CEO, Treasurer and Secretary, and sole Director of the Company. (2) On September 21, 2022, Christopher McEachnie resigned his position as President, CFO and Treasurer of the Company. Upon resignation, Meriesha Rennalls was appointed as President, COO, Director and Secretary. Employment Agreement We do not have any employment agreements with our officers. Stock Option Plan We do not have a stock option plan and we have not issued any warrants, options or other rights to acquire our securities. Employee Pension, Profit Sharing or other Retirement Plans We do not have a defined benefit, pension plan, profit sharing or other retirement plan, although we may adopt one or more of such plans in the future. Director s Compensation At present we do not pay our directors for attending meetings of our Board of Directors, although we expect to adopt a director compensation policy during fiscal 2024. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following table sets forth as of July 12, 2023 the number and percentage of the outstanding shares of common stock, which, according to the information available to us, were beneficially owned by: (i) each person who is currently a director, (ii) each executive officer, (iii) all current directors and executive officers as a group, and (iv) each person who is known by us to own beneficially more than 5 of our outstanding common stock. Except as otherwise indicated, the persons named in the table have sole voting and dispositive power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where applicable. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Number of Common Shares Beneficial Owned Percent of Class Christopher McEachnie c/o848 Brickell Ave. Penthouse #5 Miami, FL 331331 36,865,000 61.44 Noise Comms Limited (1) 32 Eyre Street, Sheffield, UK S3 8LT 20,000,000 33.33 Directors and Executive Officers as a Group 56,865,000 94.77 (1) The COO and Director of the Company is the sole shareholder, COO and director of Noise Comms Ltd. 10 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence On January 9, 2023, the Company issued 20,000,000 shares of common stock to Noise Comms Ltd., a corporation controlled by the director and COO of the Company, for the acquisition of software valued at 258,000 During the year ended March 31, 2023, the director and Chief Executive Officer CEO of the Company paid 50,345 on behalf of the Company for business operation purpose. On December 31, 2022, the Company entered into a board resolution with the director and CEO of the Company for the cancellation of 36,865,000 shares of common stock. As of March 31, 2023, the cancellation of the common stock transaction has not been completed. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the director and Chief Operating Officer COO of the Company advanced 2,027 (GBP1,640) to the subsidiary of the Company for operation purposes. During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company incurred 18,950 management consulting fees to the director and COO of the Company. As of March 31, 2023, the management consulting fee payable to the director and COO of the Company was 1,250. As of March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, there was 53,622 due to the current directors of the Company and 1,800 due to the former director and CEO of the Company, respectively. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 and for fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: Year Ended March 31, 2023 March 31, 2022 Audit Fees 49,525 29,000 Audit Related Fees - - Tax Fees - - All Other Fees - - Total 49,525 29,000 Pre-Approval Policy Our Board as a whole pre-approved all services provided by accountants, for any non-audit or non-audit related services and the Board must conclude that such services are compatible with their independence as our auditors. 11 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. Exhibits. EXHIBITS: Exhibit Number Description of Exhibits 31.1 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer 32.1 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer 12 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this amended report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 14th day of July 2023. CARO HOLDINGS INC. By: /s/ Meriesha Rennalls Meriesha Rennalls, President (Principal Executive Officer) In accordance with the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this amended report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated and on the dates stated. /s/ Meriesha Rennalls Dated: July 14, 2023 Meriesha Rennalls President (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 13 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 caro_ex311.htm
 EX-31.1
 
 caro_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Meriesha Rennalls, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Caro Holdings Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15 (f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 5. I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: July 14 th 2023 /s/ Meriesha Rennalls Meriesha Rennalls President, Chief Operating Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 caro_ex321.htm
 EX-32.1
 
 caro_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 The undersigned, Meriesha Rennalls, President and Chief Operating Officer of Caro Holdings Inc., hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) the annual report on Form 10-K of Caro Holdings Inc. for the period ended March 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Caro Holdings Inc. Dated: July 14 th , 2023 / s/ Meriesha Rennalls Meriesha Rennalls President, Chief Operating Officer (Principal Executive Officer) A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Caro Holdings Inc. and will be retained by Caro Holdings Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 caro-20230331.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 caro-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 caro-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 caro-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

