<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230828_10-K_edgar_data_1584480_0001640334-23-001638.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2035086</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>62001</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>433884</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>476969</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>420312</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>601377</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-23-001638.hdr.sgml : 20230828
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230828123121
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-23-001638
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230531
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230828
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230828

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Startech Labs, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001584480
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56158
		FILM NUMBER:		231212934

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		244 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK CITY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016-2817
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(802) 255-4212

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		244 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK CITY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10016-2817

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UpperSolution.com
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130814

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-23-001638.txt : 20230828

10-K
 1
 laab_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

laab_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _____________ to _____________ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None None None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: N/A (Title of class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the last 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on November 30, 2022, was based on a 0.25 average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date. shares of common stock as of August 24, 2023. TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS 4 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 6 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 6 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 6 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 6 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 6 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 7 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 7 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 7 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 10 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 10 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 22 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 22 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 23 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 24 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 25 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 26 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 27 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 27 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 28 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 28 SIGNATURES 29 2 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This annual report contains forward-looking statements. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may , should , expects , plans , anticipates , believes , estimates , predicts , potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our or our industry s actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Except as required by applicable law, including the securities laws of the United States, we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements to actual results. Our consolidated unaudited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars (US and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this annual report. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report. Unless otherwise specified in this annual report, all dollar amounts are expressed in United States dollars and all references to common stock refer to shares of our common stock. As used in this annual report, the terms we , us , our and our company mean Startech Labs, Inc. a Nevada corporate and our wholly-owned subsidiary, Analog Nest Technologies, Inc. a Nevada corporation, unless otherwise indicated. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS OVERVIEW We were incorporated in the State of Nevada on April 20, 2013 under the name UpperSolution.com with the principal business objective of creating an independent and unbiased mobile app that enables consumers to find the best cellular rate plan for their need and getting real-time notifications when a new cellular plan is available. On January 10, 2018, our company, Analog Nest Technologies, Inc. Analog Nest and the shareholders of Analog (the Analog Nest Shareholders closed a transaction pursuant a share exchange agreement dated January 10, 2018, whereby our company acquired 100 of the outstanding shares of common stock of Analog Nest (the Analog Nest Stock from the Analog Nest Shareholders. In exchange for the Analog Nest Stock our company issued 100,000 shares of our common stock to the Analog Nest Shareholders. Analog Nest was incorporated in the State of Nevada on September 8, 2017 as a mobile application app company focused on utility/entertainment apps for Google s Android and Apple s iOS platforms. In December 2017, Analog Nest acquired the following apps: Old Fart Booth, Old Fart Booth Pro, Ugly Face Booth, Ugly Santa Booth, Baldy - Bald Photo Booth, Fatty - Make Funny Fat Faces, Slender Man Scary Prank, Anime Booth, Anime Booth Free, Minecart Mayhem, Pimp My Pet, Pimp My Dog, Cavity Detector - Scary Prank, Mustacher, Alex From Target, A Farm Animal Salon, Mustacher Pro, Pimp My Cat, and Animal Dress Up Salon. On June 26, 2019, a majority of our stockholders and our board of directors approved a change of name of our company to Startech Labs, Inc. and a reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock on a ninety-five (95) old for one (1) new basis. The name change and reverse stock split became effective on July 17, 2019. We have not declared bankruptcy, been involved in receivership or any similar proceeding. Our office is located at 244 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10016-2817 and our telephone number is (802) 255-4212. We do not own any property and we do not have a corporate website. Our Current Business We are in the business of the creation and development of utility/entertainment apps for Google s Android and Apple s iOS platforms, through our wholly owned subsidiary, Analog Nest. Product Lines Analog Nest operates primarily in the computer/software applications industry and specifically in the development of Android and iOS apps for mobile devices. In the past five years the number of total apps on the Google Play Store has increased from around 200,000 in 2011 to around 1.6 million in 2015 and currently about 2 million apps in the Apple s App store as well. The Google Play Store and Apple s App Store are generally referred to herein as an App Store . 4 Table of Contents Analog Nest generates revenue from selling certain apps in the App Stores and from displaying advertisements in certain applications. Approximately eighty percent (80 of Analog Nest revenue is generated from the sales of Apps and the remaining revenue comes for advertising. Market Opportunity With the mobile market still booming, there are billions of mobile devices for which we can offer Apps. Given this large number of available devices, even the smallest App ideas have the potential to generate millions of downloads for its developer. Competitive Strengths We believe that the Apps have a solid reputation in the App Stores - some Apps are within the top 1,000 of their categories in the US and also top 10,000 out of all apps on the Google Play Store. We believe that our Apps are for most part unique with solid source codes. Many of the other apps on the market are copycat apps, as opposed to a majority of Analog Nest Apps which are original and unique in their region. We attempt to distinguish the Apps by providing prompt customer services. Customers and Marketing Analog Nest has an aggregate of approximately nine million downloads of its Apps from users around the globe, with the US taking the majority of that share. So far no specific marketing for our Apps has been done. Due to the high ranking and ratings of the Apps, the optimized app store app descriptions, the user s acquisition is done either directly through play store search or via deep linking from within the other Apps in the portfolio. Having a large portfolio of Apps helps drive more downloads, since each App can serve ads for the other Apps on the portfolio. With the introduction of Google s Universal app campaigns a new marketing opportunity has been given to the app vendors to better target audiences through the Google Ad network in an efficient and cost effective way. Using Google s Universal app campaigns, the goal is to target 1 million new installs or downloads in the next 12 months. To achieve this number of installs a marketing budget of at least 100,000 USD will be required to generate a lot of installs on a cost per install (CPI) basis. Competition The app industry is highly competitive, with low barriers to entry and we expect more companies to enter the sector and a wider range of apps to be introduced. In addition, we have limited experience in developing apps for mobile and other platforms and our ability to succeed on those platforms is uncertain. As we continue to devote resources to developing apps for those platforms, we will face significant competition from established companies and new-comers. Regulatory Matters Google and Apple are responsible for regulating their respective app stores. Their stringent rules and guidelines make it so that app developers are mostly shielded from government regulatory bodies as each app goes through a manual approval process before being published on the store. If Google or Apple believe that such app could be in breach of any laws, they simply do not approve it. Government Regulation We are subject to a variety of laws in the United States and abroad, including laws regarding consumer protection, intellectual property, export and national security, that are continuously evolving and developing. The scope and interpretation of the laws that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly laws outside the United States. For example, laws relating to the liability of providers of online services for activities of their users and other third parties are currently being tested by a number of claims, including actions based on invasion of privacy and other torts, unfair competition, copyright and trademark infringement, and other theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched, the ads posted or the content provided by users. 5 Table of Contents Employees Other than our directors and officers, who provide their services to our company and independent consultants, we have no full time employees. Recent Business Development We have expanded their suite of travel and metasearch offerings by completing development and the launch of 2 additional sites, www.gohotelbookings.com and www.goflightsnow.com, to complement their existing offerings www.gotravelbookings.com and www.gohotelflights.com. Along with their existing Android App GoTravelBookings, the registrant hopes to further grow the easily recognizable Go Branding to offer both Leisure and Business Travelers a full suite of services, to coincide with the potential resumption of travel in the mid to long term. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Not Applicable. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Our address principal executive office is located at 244 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10016-2817. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS From time to time, we may become involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. We are not involved in any pending legal proceeding or litigation and, to the best of our knowledge, no governmental authority is contemplating any proceeding to which we are a party and which would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect on our company. To date, our company has never been involved in litigation, as either a party or a witness, nor has our company been involved in any legal proceedings commenced by any regulatory agency against our company. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not Applicable. 6 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information There is a limited public market for our common shares. Our common shares are listed for quotation on the Pink sheets of the OTC Markets under the trading symbol URSL . Trading in stocks quoted on the Pink Sheets is often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may be unrelated to a company s operations or business prospects. Pink Sheet securities are not listed or traded on the floor of an organized national or regional stock exchange. Instead, OTC Pink Sheet securities transactions are conducted through a telephone and computer network connecting dealers in stocks. Pink Sheet issuers are traditionally smaller companies that do not meet the financial and other listing requirements of a regional or national stock exchange. Holders As of August 24, 2023, we had 3 shareholders of record of our common stock with 60,647,380 shares of common stock outstanding. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends to our shareholders. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors and depends upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position, our general economic conditions, and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in our business operations. Equity Compensation Plans Our company has not adopted any equity compensation plans and does not anticipate adopting any equity compensation plans in the near future. Notwithstanding the foregoing, because the company has limited cash resources at this time, it may issue shares or options to or enter into obligations that are convertible into shares of common stock with its employees and consultants as payment for services or as discretionary bonuses. Recent Sales of unregistered securities None. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities There were no repurchases of common stock for the year ended May 31, 2023. ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Not Applicable. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS This annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These include statements about our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies for the future, which we indicate by words or phrases such as anticipate, expect, intend, plan, will, we believe, management believes and similar language. Except for the historical information contained herein, the matters discussed in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and elsewhere in this current report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. The factors listed in the section captioned Risk Factors, as well as any cautionary language in this current report on Form 10-K, provide examples of risks, uncertainties and events that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those projected. Except as may be required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events after the date of this current report on Form 10-K. Our audited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 7 Table of Contents Results of Operations - Years Ended May 31, 2023 and 2022 The following summary of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements for the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, which are included herein. Our operating results for the year ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, and the changes between those periods for the respective items are summarized as follows: For the Year Ended May 31, May 31, 2023 2022 Change Operating Expenses 31,691 30,084 1,607 5 Other expense 29,551 29,551 - - Net Loss (61,242 (59,635 (1,607 3 Revenue We have not generated any revenues for the year ended May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022. Operating expense Operating expenses for year ended May 31, 2023 increased to 31,691 from 30,084 incurred during the year ended May 31, 2022 due to an increase in professional fees. Other expense Interest expense for the year ended May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022 was 29,551 form interest expense on convertible notes. Net loss Net loss for the year ended May 31, 2023 increased to 61,242 from 59,635 for the year ended May 31, 2023 due to the increase in in operating expenses during the year ended May 31, 2023. Liquidity and Capital Resources Working Capital May 31, May 31, 2023 2022 Change Current Assets - - - Current Liabilities 309,012 247,770 61,242 Working Capital Deficiency (309,012 (247,770 (61,242 The increase in working capital deficiency during the year ended May 31, 2023 was primarily a result of an increase of accrued interest and amount due to related party. 8 Table of Contents Cash Flows For the Year Ended May 31, May 31, 2023 2022 Cash Flows used in Operating Activities (31,850 (29,858 Cash Flows used in Investing Activities - - Cash Flows from Financing Activities 31,850 29,858 Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents - - Cash Flow from Operating Activities During the year ended May 31, 2023, our company used 31,850 in cash from operating activities, compared to 29,858 cash used in operating activities during the year ended May 31, 2022. The cash used from operating activities for the year ended May 31, 2023 was attributed to a net loss of 61,242, decreased by net changes in operating assets and liabilities of 29,392. The cash used from operating activities for the year ended May 31, 2022 was attributed to a net loss of 59,635, decreased by net changes in operating assets and liabilities of 29,777. Cash Flow from Investing Activities Our Company had no investing activities during the year ended May 31, 2023 and 2022. Cash Flow from Financing Activities During the year ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, our Company had net cash provided by financing activities of 31,850 and 29,858 from director s loan for operation expense, respectively. Liquidity and Capital Resources As at May 31, 2023, we had no cash and had 309,012 in outstanding current liabilities, consisting of convertible notes of 129,402, accrued interest of 110,159, due to related party of 65,708 and accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 3,743. We estimate total expenditures over the next 12 months are expected to be approximately 30,000. Contractual Obligations As a smaller reporting company , we are not required to provide tabular disclosure obligations. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. A change in managements estimates or assumptions could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations during the period in which such changes occurred. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Our financial statements reflect all adjustments that management believes are necessary for the fair presentation of their financial condition and results of operations for the periods presented. 9 Table of Contents Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management has considered all recent accounting pronouncements issued since the last audit of our financial statements. The Company s management believes that these recent pronouncements will not have a material effect on our company s financial statements. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not Applicable. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 10 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the shareholders and the board of directors of Startech Labs, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Startech Labs, Inc. as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of May 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /S/ BF Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID We have served as the Company's auditor since 2017 August 28, 2023 11 Table of Contents STARTECH LABS, INC. BALANCE SHEETS May 31, May 31, 2023 2022 ASSETS Current Assets Total Current Assets Intangible Assets Total Assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Current Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued interest Due to related party Convertible notes Total Current Liabilities Total Liabilities STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Common Stock: par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders' Deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 12 Table of Contents STARTECH LABS, INC. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Year Ended May 31, May 31, 2023 2022 Operating Expenses General and administration Professional Total operating expenses Net loss from operations Other expense Interest expense Total other expense Net loss before taxes Provision for income taxes Net loss Net Loss Per Common Share Basic and Diluted Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 13 Table of Contents STARTECH LABS, INC. STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED MAY 31, 2023 AND 2022 Additional Total Common stock paid-in Accumulated Shareholders' Shares Amount capital Deficit Deficit Balance, May 31, 2021 Net loss for the period - Balance, May 31, 2022 Net loss for the period - Balance, May 31, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 14 Table of Contents STARTECH LABS, INC. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Year Ended May 31, May 31, 2023 2022 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued interest Net Cash Used in Operating Activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Advancement from director Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents, beginning of period Cash and Cash Equivalents, end of period Supplemental Disclosure Information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for taxes The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. 15 Table of Contents STARTECH LABS, INC. NOTES TO THE AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MAY 31, 2023 of the outstanding shares of common stock of Analog Nest (the Analog Nest Stock from the Analog Nest Shareholders. In exchange for the Analog Nest Stock the Company issued shares of its common stock. The Company s Director and Chief Executive Officer held all of the shares of Analog Nest Technologies, Inc. at the time of the transaction. Analog Nest was incorporated in the State is a mobile application company focused on utility/entertainment apps for Google s Android and Apple s iOS platforms. On June 26, 2019, a majority of our stockholders and our board of directors approved a change of name of our company to Startech Labs, Inc. and a . The name change and reverse stock split became effective on July 17, 2019. On December 1, 2018, the Company disposed of its mobile application company subsidiary, Analog Nest Technologies, Inc. On January 16, 2021, the Company acquired travel booking websites and mobile apps. The Company develops customized web solutions with both commercial and retail applications. Currently focused on further development of fare aggregators and travel metasearch engines, the Company owns and operates international online travel and hospitality web portals where users can search for flights and hotels and select the most economical options. 16 Table of Contents Reclassifications Basic and Diluted Net Loss Per Share Income Taxes 17 Table of Contents Intangible Assets . The intangible assets are subject to annual impairment test. Share-based Expenses 18 Table of Contents and has negative working capital of at May 31, 2023. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plan described in the Business paragraph and eventually attain profitable operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. During the next year, the Company s foreseeable cash requirements will relate to continual development of the operations of its business, maintaining its good standing and making the requisite filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the payment of expenses associated with research and development. The Company may experience a cash shortfall and be required to raise additional capital. Historically, it has mostly relied upon funds from the sale of shares of stock and from acquiring loans to finance its operations and growth. Management may raise additional capital through future public or private offerings of the Company s stock or through loans from private investors, although there can be no assurance that it will be able to obtain such financing. The Company s failure to do so could have a material and adverse effect upon it and its shareholders. 19 Table of Contents shares of common stock with a par value of . As of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, shares of common stock were issued and outstanding. and for operating expenses on behalf of the Company, respectively. The loan is non-interest bearing and due on demand. As of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, the amount due to director was and respectively. Convertible Notes - August 2019 Convertible Notes - November 2019 Convertible Notes - February 2020 Convertible Notes - May 2020 Convertible Notes - August 2020 Convertible Notes - November 2020 Convertible Notes - February 2021 Less current portion of convertible notes payable Non-current convertible notes payable On June 1, 2019, the Company issued convertible notes to three unaffiliated parties for an aggregate amount of to replace the full amount of related party advances that had been provided to the Company through May 31, 2019. The convertible notes are due on demand, bear interest at per annum and are convertible at per share for the Company common stock. The total debt discount from the beneficial conversion features of was expensed upon issuance of the notes. On August 31, 2019, the Company issued a convertible note to an unaffiliated party of for paying operating expenses on behalf of the Company. The convertible note is due on demand, bears interest at per annum and is convertible at per share for the Company common stock. The debt discount from the beneficial conversion of was expensed upon issuance of the note. On November 30, 2019, the Company issued a convertible note to an unaffiliated party of for paying operating expenses on behalf of the Company. The convertible note is due on demand, bears interest at per annum and is convertible at per share for the Company common stock. The debt discount from the beneficial conversion of was expensed upon issuance of the note. On January 3, 2020, the Company amended a convertible note of issued on June 1, 2019. The amended convertible note is due on demand, bear interest at per annum and are convertible at per share for the Company common stock. On February 17, 2020, the note holder of the amended convertible note sold the note to two unaffiliated parties. On June 1, 2020, principal of from the convertible notes was converted for shares of common stock. 20 Table of Contents for paying operating expenses on behalf of the Company. The convertible note is due on demand, bears interest at per annum and is convertible at per share for the Company common stock. The debt discount from the beneficial conversion of was expensed upon issuance of the note. On May 31, 2020, the Company issued a convertible note to an unaffiliated party of for paying operating expenses on behalf of the Company. The convertible note is due on demand, bears interest at per annum and is convertible at per share for the Company common stock. The debt discount from the beneficial conversion of was expensed upon issuance of the note. On August 31, 2020, the Company issued a convertible note to an unaffiliated party of for paying operating expenses on behalf of the Company. The convertible note is due on demand, bears interest at per annum and is convertible at per share for the Company common stock. The debt discount from the beneficial conversion of was expensed upon issuance of the note. On November 30, 2020, the Company issued a convertible note to an unaffiliated party of for paying operating expenses on behalf of the Company. The convertible note is due on demand, bears interest at per annum and is convertible at per share for the Company common stock. The debt discount from the beneficial conversion of was expensed upon issuance of the note. On February 28, 2021, the Company issued a convertible note to an unaffiliated party of for paying operating expenses on behalf of the Company. The convertible note is due on demand, bears interest at per annum and is convertible at per share for the Company common stock. The debt discount from the beneficial conversion of was expensed upon issuance of the note. During the year ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company incurred note interest expense of and , respectively. As of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, the convertible notes payable was and , respectively, and accrued note interest payable was and , respectively. Statutory tax rate Deferred tax asset Less: Valuation allowance Net deferred asset As of May 31, 2023, the Company had approximately 534,000 in net operating losses NOLs that may be available to offset future taxable income, which begin to expire . NOLs generated in tax years prior May 31, 2018, can be carryforward for twenty years, whereas NOLs generated after May 31, 2018 can be carryforward indefinitely. In accordance with Section 382 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, the usage of the Company s net operating loss carry forwards is subject to annual limitations following greater than ownership changes. Tax returns for the years ended 2014 through 2023 are subject to review by the tax authorities. 21 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE Not Applicable. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation Of Disclosure Controls And Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer (our chief executive officer), we have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 , as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded as of the evaluation date that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective such that the material information required to be included in our Securities and Exchange Commission reports is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and financial officer, recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms relating to our company, particularly during the period when this report was being prepared. Management s Annual Report On Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, for our company. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of its management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Management recognizes that there are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal control, and accordingly, even effective internal control can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and may not prevent or detect material misstatements. In addition, effective internal control at a point in time may become ineffective in future periods because of changes in conditions or due to deterioration in the degree of compliance with our established policies and procedures. 22 Table of Contents A material weakness is a significant deficiency, or combination of significant deficiencies, that results in there being a more than remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. Under the supervision and with the participation of our chief executive officer, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as of May 31, 2022, based on the framework set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on our evaluation under this framework, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of the evaluation date due to the factors stated below. Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of evaluation date and identified the following material weaknesses: Insufficient Resources : We have an inadequate number of personnel with requisite expertise in the key functional areas of finance and accounting. Inadequate Segregation Of Duties : We have an inadequate number of personnel to properly implement control procedures. Lack Of Audit Committee Outside Directors On The Company s Board Of Directors: We do not have a functioning audit committee or outside directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures. Management is committed to improving its internal controls and will (1) continue to use third party specialists to address shortfalls in staffing and to assist the Company with accounting and finance responsibilities, (2) increase the frequency of independent reconciliations of significant accounts which will mitigate the lack of segregation of duties until there are sufficient personnel and (3) may consider appointing outside directors and audit committee members in the future. Management, including our chief executive officer, has discussed the material weakness noted above with our independent registered public accounting firm. Due to the nature of this material weakness, there is a more than remote likelihood that misstatements which could be material to the annual or interim financial statements could occur that would not be prevented or detected. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. Changes In Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter for our fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Except as provided above, there is no information to be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K during the fourth quarter of the year covered by this Form 10-K that has not been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 23 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (a) - (b) Identification of Directors and Executive Officers. The Company: The following individuals are current members of our Board of Directors and executive officers; all of the members of the Board are appointed until their respective successor is elected or until their resignation. Name Age Positions Held Date of Appointment Mark Kevin So 34 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director January 10, 2018 (c) Identification of certain significant employees. Our company currently does not have any significant employees. (d) Family relationships. None. (e) Business experience. Mark Kevin So - President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director Mr. So has been involved in the e-commerce scene starting with his first job as an online marketing officer at Organica Nutraceuticals in 2009. Since then he has gone on to other positions similarly related to e-commerce such as Marketing manager with SadoTech, culminating with his last position at BIGMK Ecommerce Inc as their assistant VP of E-commerce operations since 2014. Mr. So obtained his Masters in Information Technology at AMA University, Makati, Philippines in 2014. Our company believes that Mr. So s professional background experience gives him the qualifications and skills necessary to serve as a director and officer of our company. (f) Involvement in certain legal proceedings. To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers has, during the past ten years: 1. been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offences); 2. had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership, corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing or within two years prior to that time; 3. been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 4. been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 5. been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants), relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 6. been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26)), any registered entity (as defined in Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29)), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 24 Table of Contents Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Our common stock is not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Accordingly, our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities are not subject to the beneficial ownership reporting requirements of Section 16(1) of the Exchange Act. Code of Ethics We have not adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Audit Committee We do not have an Audit Committee. Our company s board of directors performs some of the same functions of an Audit Committee, such as; recommending a firm of independent certified public accountants to audit the financial statements; reviewing the auditors independence, the financial statements and their audit report; and reviewing management s administration of the system of internal accounting controls. Our company does not currently have a written audit committee charter or similar document. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The particulars of the compensation paid to the following persons: (a) our principal executive officer; (b) each of our two most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022; and (c) up to two additional individuals for whom disclosure would have been provided under (b) but for the fact that the individual was not serving as our executive officer at the end of the years ended May 31, 2023 and 2022, who we will collectively refer to as the named executive officers of our company, are set out in the following summary compensation table, except that no disclosure is provided for any named executive officer, other than our principal executive officers, whose total compensation did not exceed 100,000 for the respective fiscal year: 25 Table of Contents SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) Bonus ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Kevin So 2023 - - - - - - - - President, CEO, Secretary and Director 2022 - - - - - - - - Except as disclosed, there are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. Our directors and executive officers may receive share options at the discretion of our board of directors in the future. We do not have any material bonus or profit sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that share options may be granted at the discretion of our board of directors. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth certain information concerning the number of shares of our common stock owned beneficially as of August 24, 2023 by: (i) each person (including any group) known to us to own more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities, (ii) members of our Board of Directors, and or (iii) our executive officers. Unless otherwise indicated, the stockholder listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage of Class (1) Kevin So 244 Madison Avenue New York City, NY10016-2817 55,000,000 Common / Direct 90.69 Evershine Holdings Ltd. Global Gateway 8 Rue De La Perle Providence, Mahe Seychelles 121,053 Common 0.20 Directors and Executive Officers as a Group 55,121,053 Common 90.89 _______________ (1) A beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract, arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the amount of shares beneficially owned by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of any person as shown in this table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding on August 24, 2023. As of August 24, 2023, there were 60,647,380 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. 26 Table of Contents Our company has not adopted any equity compensation plans and does not anticipate adopting any equity compensation plans in the near future. Notwithstanding the foregoing, because the company has limited cash resources at this time, it may issue shares or options to or enter into obligations that are convertible into shares of common stock with its employees and consultants as payment for services or as discretionary bonuses. The company does not have any arrangements for such issuances or arrangements at this time. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Except as disclosed herein, no director, executive officer, shareholder holding at least 5 of shares of our common stock, or any family member thereof, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction, or proposed transaction since the year ended May 31, 2023, in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at the year-end for the last three completed fiscal years. During the year ended May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, the Director of the Company made advancement of 31,850 and 29,858 for operating expenses on behalf of the Company, respectively. As of May 31, 2023 and May 31, 2022, the amount due to director was 65,708 and 33,858 respectively. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The aggregate fees billed for the most recently completed fiscal year ended May 31, 2023 and for fiscal year ended May 31, 2022 for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for these fiscal periods were as follows: Fee Category Year Ended May 31, 2023 Year Ended May 31, 2022 Audit Fees 20,950 20,460 Audit-Related Fees - - Tax Fees - - All Other Fees - - Total Fees 20,950 20,460 Audit committee policies procedures We do not currently have a standing audit committee. The above services were approved by our Board of Directors. Our board of directors has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors independence. 27 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) Financial Statements (1) Financial statements for our company are listed in the index under Item 8 of this document. (2) All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. (b) Exhibits INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE EXHIBIT NUMBER Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date (3) (i) Articles of Incorporation, (ii) Bylaws 3.1 Articles of Incorporation 3.2 By-Laws S-1 3.2 August 16, 2013 3.3 Certificate of Amendment (21) Subsidiaries of Registrant 21.1 Subsidiaries of Registrant (31) (i) Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications, (ii) Rule 13a-14/15d-14 Certifications 31.1 Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (32) Section 1350 Certifications 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (100) Interactive Data File 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document _________ Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 28 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. STARTECH LABS, INC. (Registrant) Dated: August 28, 2023 /s/ Kevin So Kevin So President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 29 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 laab_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 laab_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Kevin So, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Startech Labs, Inc.; 2 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: August 28, 2023 /s/ Kevin So Kevin So President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 laab_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 laab_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Kevin So, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Startech Labs, Inc. for the period ended May 31, 2023 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Startech Labs, Inc. Dated: August 28, 2023 /s/ Kevin So Kevin So President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Director (Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Startech Labs, Inc. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Startech Labs, Inc. and will be retained by Startech Labs, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 laab-20230531.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 laab-20230531_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 laab-20230531_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 laab-20230531_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

