<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230925_10-K_edgar_data_1005101_0001437749-23-026697.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10440211</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>283865</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1643017</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2952378</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2668449</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2650969</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-026697.hdr.sgml : 20230925
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230925162458
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-026697
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230925
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230925

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Marygold Companies, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001005101
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				954442384
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41318
		FILM NUMBER:		231276103

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 CALLE IGLESIA, UNIT B
		CITY:			SAN CLEMENTE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92672
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-429-5370

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		120 CALLE IGLESIA, UNIT B
		CITY:			SAN CLEMENTE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92672

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CONCIERGE TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020329

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STARFEST INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000310

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-026697.txt : 20230925

10-K
 1
 mgld20230808_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

mgld20230808_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 The Marygold Companies, Inc. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (state of incorporation) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Phone: . (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 
 Common Stock, 0.001 par value 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated files Accelerated files 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

Table of Contents 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based upon the per share price of 1.50, as reported by our trading exchange platform, NYSE American, for the common stock as of December 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, multiplied by the approximate number of shares of common stock held by persons other than executive officers, directors and five percent stockholders of the registrant without conceding that any such person is an "affiliate" of the registrant for purposes of the federal securities laws. 
 
 The registrant's common stock began trading on the NYSE American exchange on March 10, 2022. The registrant had shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value, and 49,360 shares of Series B Convertible, Voting, Preferred Stock outstanding on September 20, 2023. Series B Preferred stock is convertible, under certain conditions, to 20 shares of Common Stock for each share of Series B Preferred stock. Each share of Series B Preferred stock votes as 20 shares of Common Stock. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 
 None 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1 Business 
 
 5 

ITEM 1A Risk Factors 
 
 11 

ITEM 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 17 

ITEM 2 Properties 
 
 17 

ITEM 3 Legal Proceedings 
 
 17 

ITEM 4 My Safety Disclosures 
 
 20 

PART II 

ITEM 5 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 20 

ITEM 6 Selected Financial Data 
 
 21 

ITEM 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 21 

ITEM 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 28 

ITEM 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 28 

ITEM 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 29 

ITEM 9A Controls and Procedures 
 
 29 

ITEM 9B Other Information 
 
 30 

ITEM 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 30 

PART III 

ITEM 10 Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 
 30 

ITEM 11 Executive Compensation 
 
 35 

ITEM 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 36 

ITEM 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 37 

ITEM 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 38 

PART IV 

ITEM 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 40 

ITEM 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 41 

3

Table of Contents 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or our future financial or operating performance. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as "may," "will," "should," "would," "shall," "might," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "could," "intends," "target," "projects," "contemplates," "believes," "estimates," "predicts," "potential," or "continue" or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans, or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

the outcome of the class action litigation; 

recent resolutions with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") against United States Oil Fund, L.P., United States Commodity Funds, LLC, a subsidiary of our subsidiary, USCF Investments, Inc. ("USCF Investments") (f/k/a Wainwright Holdings), and other related parties, as disclosed under "Item 1. Legal Proceedings"; 

our future financial performance, including our revenue, cost of revenue, gross profit, gross margin, operating expenses, ability to generate positive cash flow, and ability to achieve and maintain profitability; 

the sufficiency of our cash and cash equivalents to meet our working capital, capital expenditure, and liquidity needs; 

our operating subsidiaries' ability to attract and retain customers to use our products, to optimize the pricing for our products, to expand our sales to our customers, and to convince our existing customers to renew subscriptions; 

the evolution of technologies affecting our operating subsidiaries' products and markets; 

our operating subsidiaries' ability to innovate and provide a superior user experience and our intentions and strategy with respect thereto; 

our operating subsidiaries' ability to successfully penetrate enterprise markets; 

our operating subsidiaries' ability to successfully expand in our existing markets and into new markets, including international markets; 

the attraction and retention of key personnel; 

our ability to effectively manage our growth and future expenses; 

worldwide economic conditions, including aftereffects from the economic disruption imposed by the COVID-19 pandemic, and the conflict in the Ukraine, and their impact on spending; 

our operating subsidiaries' ability to comply with modified or new laws and regulations applying to our business, including privacy and data security regulations. 

We caution you that the foregoing list does not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors described in the section titled Risk Factors . Moreover, we and our subsidiaries operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We cannot assure you that the results, events, and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events, or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 The forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We and our subsidiaries may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures, or investments we may make. 

4

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS. 

General 
 
 The Marygold Companies, Inc., (the Company or "The Marygold Companies"), a Nevada corporation, operates through its wholly owned subsidiaries who are engaged in varied business activities. The operations of the Company s wholly owned subsidiaries are more particularly described herein but are summarized as follows: 

USCF Investments, Inc. USCF Investments ), a U.S. based company, is the sole member of two investment services limited liability company subsidiaries that manages, operates or is an investment advisor to exchange traded funds organized as limited partnerships or investment trusts that issue shares which trade on the NYSE Arca stock exchange. 

Gourmet Foods, Ltd., a New Zealand based company, manufactures and distributes New Zealand meat pies on a commercial scale and its wholly-owned New Zealand subsidiary company, Printstock Products Limited, prints specialty wrappers for the food industry in New Zealand and Australia. (collectively "Gourmet Foods") 

Brigadier Security Systems (2000) Ltd. Brigadier ), a Canadian based company, sells and installs commercial and residential alarm monitoring systems. 

Kahnalytics, Inc. dba/Original Sprout Original Sprout ), a U.S. based company, is engaged in the wholesale distribution of hair and skin care products under the brand name Original Sprout on a global scale. 

Marygold Co., a newly formed U.S. based company, together with its wholly-owned limited liability company, Marygold Co. Advisory Services, LLC, (collectively "Marygold") was established by The Marygold Companies to explore opportunities in the financial technology ("Fintech") space, completed its development phase in June 2023, and launched its commercial services in June 2023. Through June 30, 2023, expenditures have been limited to developing the business model and the associated application development. 

Marygold Co. (UK) Limited, a newly formed U.K. limited company, together with its newly acquired UK subsidiary, Tiger Financial and Asset Management, Ltd. (collectively Marygold UK is an asset manager and registered investment advisor in the UK. Operations are included in these consolidated financial statements beginning on the acquisition date of June 20, 2022. 

The Company manages its operating businesses on a decentralized basis. There are no centralized or integrated operational functions such as marketing, sales, legal or other professional services and there is little involvement by the Company s management in the day-to-day business affairs of its operating subsidiary businesses apart from oversight. The Company s corporate management is responsible for capital allocation decisions, investment activities and selection and retention of the Chief Executive to head each of the operating subsidiaries. The Company s executive management is also responsible for corporate governance practices, monitoring regulatory affairs, including those of its operating businesses and involvement in governance-related issues of its subsidiaries as needed. Across the Company and its subsidiaries the Company employs 101 people. 
 
 Subsidiary Business Overview 
 
 USCF Investments 
 
 On December 9, 2016, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding stock in USCF Investments. USCF Investments wholly owns both USCF and USCF Advisers, which collectively operate 14 exchange traded products ETPs and exchange traded funds ETFs ), each of which has its shares listed on the NYSE Arca, Inc. ("NYSE Arca"). The ETPs and ETFs managed by USCF and USCF Advisers have a total of approximately 3.5 billion in assets under management as of June 30, 2023. USCF Investments receives revenues as a result of its ownership of USCF and USCF Advisers, which provides investment management and advisory services in exchange for management fees charged against the ETPs and ETFs. The ETPs and ETFs managed by USCF and USCF Advisers invest in a broad base index or single commodity, particularly in oil, natural gas, gasoline and metals. 
 
 USCF currently serves as the General Partner or the Sponsor to the following commodity pools, each of which is currently conducting a public offering of its shares pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended: 

USCF as General Partner for the following funds 

United States Oil Fund, LP USO 
 Organized as a Delaware limited partnership in May 2005 

United States Natural Gas Fund, LP UNG 
 Organized as a Delaware limited partnership in November 2006 

United States Gasoline Fund, LP UGA 
 Organized as a Delaware limited partnership in April 2007 

United States 12 Month Oil Fund, LP USL 
 Organized as a Delaware limited partnership in June 2007 

United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund, LP UNL 
 Organized as a Delaware limited partnership in June 2007 

United States Brent Oil Fund, LP BNO 
 Organized as a Delaware limited partnership in September 2009 

5

Table of Contents 

USCF as fund Sponsor - each a series within the United States Commodity Index Funds Trust ("USCIF Trust") 

United States Commodity Index Fund USCI 
 Series of the USCIF Trust created in April 2010 

United States Copper Index Fund CPER 
 Series of the USCIF Trust created in November 2010 

USCF Advisers, a registered investment adviser, serves as the investment adviser to the funds listed below within the USCF ETF Trust (the ETF Trust and has overall responsibility for the general management and administration for the ETF Trust. Pursuant to the current Investment Advisory Agreements, USCF Advisers provides an investment program for each of series within the ETF Trust and manages the investment of the assets. 

USCF Advisers as fund manager for each series within the USCF ETF Trust: 

USCF SummerHaven Dynamic Commodity Strategy No K-1 Fund ("SDCI") 
 Fund launched May 2018 

USCF Midstream Energy Income Fund ("UMI") 
 Fund launched March 2021 

USCF Gold Strategy Plus Income Fund ("GLDX") 
 Fund launched November 2021 

USCF Dividend Income Fund ("UDI") 
 Fund launched June 2022 

USCF Sustainable Battery Metals Strategy Fund ("ZSB") 
 Fund launched January 2023 

USCF Energy Commodity Strategy Absolute Return Fund ("USE 
 Fund launched May 2023 

All commodity pools managed by USCF and each series of the ETF Trust managed by USCF Advisers are collectively referred to as the Funds hereafter. 
 
 For the year ended June 30, 2023 approximately 73 of USCF Investments revenue were attributed to its three largest funds which were United States Oil Fund, LP, United States Natural Gas Fund, LP and United States Commodity Index Fund as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022 with approximately 73 of the revenue attributed to United States Oil Fund, LP, United States Natural Gas Fund, LP and United States Commodity Index Fund. 
 
 Competition 
 
 USCF Investments faces competition from other commodity fund managers, which include larger, better financed companies that offer products similar to USCF Investments. Many of these competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, and human resources than USCF Investments does, as well as greater experience in the discovery and development of products and the commercialization of those products. Our competitors products may be more effective, or more effectively marketed and sold, than any products we may commercialize. USCF Investments will continue to develop and consider new fund opportunities identified through its research efforts and review of market needs. However, the cost of launching and seeding new funds is dependent upon existing and new capital resources. The ability to successfully launch new funds competing with much larger financial institutions with greater financial and human capital will be challenging. 
 
 Regulation 
 
 USCF Investments operating subsidiaries, USCF and USCF Advisers, are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations generally applicable to the investment services industry. USCF is a commodity pool operator CPO subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") and the National Futures Association (the NFA under the Commodities Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the CEA ). USCF Advisers is an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and is also registered as a CPO under the CEA. Public offerings conducted by ETPs sponsored by USCF are required to be registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC in accordance with the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and each ETP has SEC reporting obligations under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The series of the ETF Trust managed by USCF Advisers are registered investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 
 Employees 
 
 USCF Investments operating subsidiaries employ approximately 14 persons, a majority of whom are located in Walnut Creek, California. The operating subsidiaries are responsible for the retention of sub-advisers to manage the investments of each managed Funds assets in conformity with their respective investment policies if the operating subsidiary does not provide those services directly. USCF Investments operating subsidiaries may also retain third-parties to provide custody, distribution, fund administration, transfer agency, and all other non-distribution related services necessary for each fund to operate. USCF Investments, through its operating subsidiaries, bears all of its own costs associated with providing these advisory services and the expenses of the members of the board of directors of each fund who are affiliated with USCF Investments. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 USCF Investments subsidiary USCF owns registered trademarks for USCF and USCF Advisers. The Funds for which USCF is a general partner or sponsor have registered trademarks owned by USCF. Additionally, USCF was granted two patents Nos. 7,739,186 and 8,019,675, for systems and methods for an exchange traded fund (ETF) that tracks the price of one or more commodities. 

6

Table of Contents 

Gourmet Foods 
 
 Gourmet Foods, Ltd. Gourmet Foods ), was organized in its current form in 2005 (previously known as Pats Pantry Ltd) and acquired by The Marygold Companies in August 2015. Pats Pantry was founded in 1966 to produce and sell wholesale bakery products, meat pies and patisserie cakes and slices, in New Zealand. Gourmet Foods, located in Tauranga, New Zealand, sells substantially all of its goods to supermarkets and service station chains with stores located throughout New Zealand. Gourmet Foods also has a large number of smaller independent lunch bars, cafes and corner dairies among the customer list, however they comprise a relatively insignificant dollar volume in comparison to the primary accounts of large distributors and retailers. 
 
 On July 1, 2020, Gourmet Foods acquired the New Zealand company, Printstock Products Limited ("Printstock"). Located in nearby Napier, New Zealand, Printstock prints wrappers for food products, including those used by Gourmet Foods. Printstock is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Gourmet Foods and its operating results are consolidated with those of Gourmet Foods from July 1, 2020 onwards. 
 
 Products and Customers 
 
 The Marygold Companies, through Gourmet Foods, and following the acquisition of Printstock Products Limited on July 1, 2020, has two major customer groups comprising gross revenues: 1) baking, and 2) printing. While these major groups are comprised of different customers and supply chains, we consider the consolidation of Gourmet Foods with Printstock to be within the food industry as Printstock only supplies the food industry manufacturers, some of which are competitors to Gourmet Foods, and the inclusion of Printstock to the Gourmet Foods operations does not extend its presence beyond the food industry. Therefore, for the purpose of segment reporting (Note 16), both revenue streams are considered part of the same "food industry" segment. 
 
 Baking: Within the baking sector there are three major customer groups; 1) grocery, 2) gasoline convenience stores, and 3) independent retailers and cafes. The grocery industry is dominated by several large chain operations, which are customers of Gourmet Foods, and there are no long term guarantees that these major customers will continue to purchase products from Gourmet Foods, however, many of the existing relationships have been in place for sufficient time to give management reasonable confidence in their continuing business. For the year ended June 30, 2023, Gourmet Foods largest customer in the grocery and food industry, who operates through a number of independently branded stores, accounted for approximately 14 of baking sales revenues as compared to 22 for the year ended June 30, 2022. This customer accounted for 14 of the baking accounts receivable at June 30, 2023 as compared to 25 as of June 30, 2022. The second largest customer in the grocery and food industry did not account for significant sales during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. However, this customer did account for 8 and 26 of baking accounts receivable as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 In the gasoline convenience store market customer group, Gourmet Foods supplies two major channels. The largest is a marketing consortium of gasoline dealers operating under the same brand who, for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 accounted for approximately 57 and 50 , respectively, of baking gross sales revenues. No single member of the consortium accounted for significant portion of baking sales revenues. No single member of the consortium is responsible for a significant portion of Gourmet Foods baking accounts receivable, however as a group they collectively accounted for 42 and 21 of baking accounts receivable as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. A second consortium of gasoline convenience stores accounted for 22 and 23 of baking accounts receivable as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. No single member of this consortium was a significant contributor to Gourmet Foods' sales revenues, but as a group they contributed 10 and 8 of the baking sales revenues for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 The third major customer group is independent retailers and cafes, which accounted for the balance of baking gross sales revenue, however no single customer in this group was a significant contributor of baking sales revenues or baking accounts receivable as of and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Printing: The printing sector of Gourmet Foods' gross revenues is comprised of many customers, some large and some small, with the largest customer accounting for 49 of the printing sector revenues and 39 of the printing sector accounts receivable as of and for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 37 of printing sector revenues and 39 of printing sector accounts receivable as of and for the year ended June 30, 2022. The second largest customer accounted for 10 of printing sector revenues and 34 of printing sector accounts receivable as of June 30, 2023. There were no sales to this customer for the year ended June 30, 2022. No other customers comprised a significant contribution to printing sector sales revenues or accounts receivable as of and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Consolidated: With respect to Gourmet Foods consolidated risk, the largest three customers accounted for 35 , 21 and 9 as compared to 32 , 14 and 13 of Gourmet Foods' consolidated gross revenues for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. These same customers accounted for 15 , 5 and 27 , respectively, with one additional customer accounting for 24 of the consolidated accounts receivable of Gourmet Foods as of June 30, 2023 as compared to 8 , 7 , 26 and 0 , respectively, as of June 30, 2022. 
 
 Sources and Availability of Materials 
 
 Gourmet Foods, including Printstock, is not dependent upon any one major supplier as many alternative sources are available in the local marketplace should the need arise. However, the aftereffects of the COVID-19 pandemic have resulted in increased cost of raw ingredients and local shipping. These cost increases, coupled with rising cost of labor, have negatively impacted Gourmet Foods profit margins and, in some instances, their ability to meet market demand in a timely manner. Although raw material availability has begun to return to normal levels, there remains a shortage of qualified labor for both the bakery and the printing sector at acceptable wage levels. Gourmet Foods is focused on securing the best prices available for raw materials in the local market and recruiting experienced staff to replace those persons who failed to return to the workplace after the lifting of the COVID-19 restrictions during the current fiscal year. 

7

Table of Contents 

Competition 
 
 Gourmet Foods faces competition from other commercial-scale manufacturers of meat pies located in New Zealand and Australia. Competitors products may be more effective, or more effectively marketed and sold, than any products Gourmet Foods may commercialize. Larger competitors in New Zealand also enjoy a wider and more entrenched market share making it particularly difficult for us to penetrate certain market segments and, even if penetrated, might make it difficult to maintain. In an effort to expand its market presence and limit competitive interference, Gourmet Foods from time to time attempts to acquire other commercial-scale manufacturers of meat pies or confections. Gourmet Foods has also collapsed a portion of its supply chain by acquiring Printstock, who prints the food wrappers utilized by Gourmet Foods. Printstock, in turn, also faces competition from other New Zealand-based printing companies who offer similar services to the food production industry. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 The location of Gourmet Foods in the southern hemisphere provides it with a warm Christmas holiday season and some increased business as customers tend to be traveling and purchase more ready-to-eat foods. Although this increase in sales is observable, it is not deemed significant and the opposing seasons to the northern hemisphere work to offset any corresponding downturn in revenues for Brigadier, our Canadian subsidiary, during winter months. Overall, The Marygold Companies consolidated business does not experience any material seasonality due to Gourmet Foods. 
 
 Regulation 
 
 In New Zealand our subsidiary, Gourmet Foods, is required to have certain permits from health regulatory agencies and export permits for certain products it chooses to export. Gourmet Foods is also subject to local regulations as are usual and customary for those in the food processing, manufacturing and distribution business. Gourmet Foods believes it has all necessary licenses and permits and is compliant in all material respects with New Zealand laws and local regulations. 
 
 Employees 
 
 Gourmet Foods, including Printstock, employs approximately 52 persons in New Zealand. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 Gourmet Foods, Ponsonby Pies and Pat s Pantry are all registered trademarks of Gourmet Foods, Ltd. 
 
 Brigadier 
 
 On June 2, 2016, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding stock in Brigadier, a Canadian corporation headquartered in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. Brigadier sells and installs alarm monitoring and security systems to commercial and residential customers under the brand names "Brigadier Security Systems" and "Elite Security" throughout the province of Saskatchewan with offices in Saskatoon and Regina. 
 
 Services, Products and Customers 
 
 Brigadier, founded in 1985, is a leading electronic security company in the province of Saskatchewan. Brigadier has two offices located in the urban areas of Saskatchewan, Brigadier Security Systems in Saskatoon, and operating as Elite Security in Regina. The company's management team has a combined industry experience of over 136 years. Brigadier provides comprehensive security solutions including access control, camera systems, fire alarm monitoring panels, and intrusion alarms to home and business owners as well as government offices, schools, and public buildings. Their experience as the provider of choice on many large notable sites shows a commitment to design, service and support. Brigadier specializes, and is certified, in several major manufacturers products: Honeywell Security, Panasonic, Avigilon and JCI/DSC/Kantech security products. Brigadier and its staff are recognized for dedication to customer service with annual awards from SecurTek including being recipients of the Customer Retention, Service Excellence, and overall best dealer with the President s Award. Brigadier has demonstrated a commitment to delivering outstanding quality to customers by the notable facilities, businesses, and homes they secure. 
 
 Brigadier is an authorized SecurTek dealer. SecurTek is owned by SaskTel which is Saskatchewan's leading Information and Communications Technology (ICT) provider with over 1.4 million customer connections across Canada. Under the terms of its authorized dealer contract with the monitoring company, Brigadier earns monthly payments during the term of the monitoring contract in exchange for performance of customer service activities on behalf of the monitoring company. 

8

Table of Contents 

The Marygold Companies, through Brigadier, is partially dependent upon its contractual relationship with the alarm monitoring company that provides monitoring services to Brigadier s customers. In the event this contract is terminated, Brigadier would be compelled to find an alternate source of alarm monitoring, or establish such a facility itself. Management believes that the contractual relationship is sustainable, and has been for many years, with alternate solutions available should the need arise. Sales to the largest customer, which includes contracts and recurring monthly support fees, totaled 42 and 52 of the total Brigadier revenues for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. The same customer accounted for approximately 25 of Brigadier's accounts receivable as of the balance sheet date of June 30, 2023 as compared to 31 as of June 30, 2022. No other customers were significant contributors to Brigadier sales revenues for the year ended June 30, 2023 or June 30, 2022, however another customer accounted for 27 of total Brigadier accounts receivable as of June 30, 2023 and 0 as of June 30, 2022. 
 
 Sources and Availability of Materials 
 
 Brigadier purchases alarm panels, digital and analog cameras, mounting hardware and accessory items needed to complete security installations from a variety of sources. The manufacture of electronic items such as those sought by Brigadier has expanded to a global scale thus providing Brigadier with a broad choice of suppliers. Brigadier bases its vendor selection on several criteria including: price, availability, shipping costs, quality, suitability for purpose and the technical support of the manufacturer. Brigadier is not reliant on any one supplier. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Although it holds a leading market position in the province of Saskatchewan, Brigadier faces competition from larger, better financed companies that offer similar products and services throughout Canada and globally. In addition, it is possible that Brigadier may face increasing competition as disruptive technologies enter the market. However, with respect to the market share it currently enjoys, Brigadier expects to maintain its current market position in Saskatchewan and believes that opportunities exist to capitalize on the deployment of new technologies within this market. Brigadier's management will continue efforts to capture additional customers through organic growth and a focus on quality. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 Brigadier, due to its location in the province of Saskatchewan, Canada, is far enough north that winter weather has a negative effect on its ability to complete some installations, particularly those involving new construction. For this reason, the period from November through March typically produces less revenue than comparison periods during other seasons of the year. Although this decrease in sales is observable, the downturn in sales revenues for the winter months at Brigadier are offset in large part by the increase in revenues for our subsidiary Gourmet Foods in the Southern Hemisphere. Overall, The Marygold Companies, on a consolidated basis, does not experience any material seasonality due to Brigadier. 
 
 Employees 
 
 Brigadier employs approximately 18 persons in Canada. 
 
 Original Sprout 
 
 Kahnalytics was formed in 2015 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and acquired the assets of Original Sprout LLC in December 2017. Original Sprout LLC was founded in 2003. Kahnalytics began doing business as Original Sprout in December 2017. Original Sprout formulates and packages various hair and skin care products that are 100 vegan, tested safe and non-toxic, and marketed globally through distribution networks to salons, resorts, grocery stores, health food stores, e-tail sites and on Original Sprout's website. Original Sprout operates from warehouse and sales offices located in San Clemente, CA, USA. 
 
 Products and Customers 
 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, Original Sprout has made adjustments to its primary distribution and marketing channels. Prior to the pandemic Original Sprout relied heavily upon its wholesale distribution network to place products at retail locations and generally to make products available to consumers, whereas during the environment of social distancing and closures of retail businesses, consumers avoided traditional sales outlets. In response to this trend, many of Original Sprout's domestic distributors became retailers by selling direct to consumers on e-tail platforms. Original Sprout, in defense of its brand and price points, was compelled to commence a transition from its wholesale distribution model to one wherein Original Sprout sells direct to retail outlets, or even direct to consumers, through online platforms. The negative effects of this transition are being realized through reduced sales revenues as a result of cancellation of domestic distribution channels. This trend is expected to continue well into the coming fiscal year as Original Sprout engages new brand representation and secures reliable sales channels for its new and existing product lines. 
 
 Original Sprout sells its products through 3 channels to market: 1) direct sales to end users via online shopping carts, 2) sales through international wholesale distributors who, in turn, sell to other international retailers or wholesalers, and 3) to retail stores selling to end users either from the shelf or online. 

9

Table of Contents 

Original Sprout has thousands of customers and, from time to time, certain of them become significant during specific reporting periods, but may not be significant during other periods. Due to the increase in online sales channels and the discontinuation of most domestic distribution agreements, Original Sprout had no single customer who accounted for 10 or greater of total revenues for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to one customer who accounted for 11 of total revenues for the year ended June 30, 2022. There were four customers who accounted for 25 , 23 13 and 11 of total accounts receivable at June 30, 2023. These same customers accounted for 11 12 15 and 0 , respectively, at June 30, 2022 with two other customers accounting for 16 and 13 of accounts receivable at June 30, 2022 while being insignificant at June 30, 2023. 
 
 Sources and Availability of Materials 
 
 Original Sprout is dependent upon its relationships with two product formulating and packaging companies who, at the direction of Original Sprout, produce its products in accordance with proprietary formulas, packages them in appropriate containers, and delivers the finished goods to Original Sprout for distribution to its customers. All of Original Sprout s products are currently produced by these two packaging companies. If these relationships were to terminate, Original Sprout believes that there are other similar packaging companies available to Original Sprout at competitive pricing. Because of the nature of the Original Sprout product ingredients, some of the ingredients may, at times, be difficult to source in a timely fashion or at the expected price point. To safeguard against this possibility Original Sprout endeavors to maintain at least a 90-day supply of all products in stock. Estimating and maintaining a reserve stock account is not a guarantee that a shortage of ingredient supplies will not affect production such that Original Sprout will not exhaust its reserves or be unable to fulfill customer orders. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Original Sprout manufactures and distributes only 100 vegan, safe and non-toxic, hair and skin care products which it believes differentiate it significantly from competitors that do not employ such standards. The use of organic and natural extracts is a growing trend in the U.S. and abroad, and other established brands are beginning to make products that directly compete with Original Sprout. As more entrants to the high-end, vegan, hair care segment come into existence it is inevitable that some will be better financed and have more brand recognition and resources than those of Original Sprout. Original Sprout is focused on promoting its own brand name as a recognized pioneer in 100 vegan, safe, effective, hair care products through the recruitment of additional distributors, contracts with additional nationwide retail stores, a continued emphasis on online sales either directly or through retail stores and an increased social media presence. Original Sprout believes that these steps will allow for the continued growth of annual revenues and market share protection, though there can be no guarantees that such efforts will be sufficient to offset the effects of competition in the future. 
 
 Seasonality 
 
 There is no significant seasonality for sales of products for Original Sprout, though sales will fluctuate around traditional holidays, and certain products, such as sunscreen, will be lower in winter months than in summer months. Overall, The Marygold Companies, on a consolidated basis, does not experience any material seasonality due to Original Sprout. 
 
 Regulation 
 
 In the U.S. our subsidiary, Original Sprout, is not required to have permits or inspections by regulatory agencies for the products it formulates and distributes in the U.S.; however, it has chosen to gain recognition from certain testing laboratories and other quasi-regulatory agencies for compliance with accepted standards for hair and skin care ingredients and lack of toxic chemicals in their formulas and processes. For export, Original Sprout is often compelled to submit its products to foreign government agencies or certified laboratories for ingredient testing prior to being accepted for import as a safe product. We believe that Original Sprout products comply with all applicable regulations, both domestic and foreign, in areas where they are sold or distributed. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 The formulations and ingredient percentages of the many products of Original Sprout are considered its intellectual property, though many cannot be patented, they are maintained as confidential. The names "Original Sprout", "D Organiques Original Sprout" are registered trademarks of Original Sprout. 
 
 Employees 
 
 Original Sprout employees approximately 7 persons on a full-time basis, not including temporary workers or "temp-to-hire" status workers, in California. 
 
 Marygold 
 
 Marygold completed its development phase in June 2023. Marygold continues to devote considerable resources to the development of a proprietary Fintech software application that is envisioned to provide a superior mobile banking experience to its customers. Marygold employs six full time staff members and also subcontracts for a variety of services, both in the U.S. and internationally. These operating expenses are combined with those of The Marygold Companies in our Consolidated Financial Statements and segmented reports. Marygold launched its mobile app in June 2023 and thus had insignificant operations during the current year. For fiscal 2024 its operations will be segregated from those of the parent, The Marygold Companies. 

10

Table of Contents 

Marygold UK 
 
 Marygold UK was formed under the laws of England and Wales as a wholly owned subsidiary of The Marygold Companies for the specific purpose of acquiring existing operating companies in the financial services sector of the U.K. On June 20, 2022, Marygold UK entered into a Variation Agreement providing for a revised schedule of payments which shall be paid by Marygold UK to the seller, as described therein (the "Variation Agreement") and simultaneously therewith, Marygold UK completed the acquisition of Tiger Financial and Asset Management Limited ("Tiger"). Prior to June 20, 2022, Marygold UK had no operations, and any incidental expenses were consolidated with those of the parent. For the period June 20, 2022 through June 30, 2023, operating income and expenses were de minimis and are combined with those of the parent in our Consolidated Financial Statements and segmented reports where indicated. The business of Marygold UK will be that of Tiger, an asset manager and investment advisor to residents of the U.K. As of June 30, 2023, Tiger has approximately 32 million (approximately US 40 million) in assets under management. Tiger earns revenues as a percentage of the assets under management. At this level of assets under management, Tiger is nominally cash flow breakeven. Although assets under management have been stable and consistent over the prior 5-year period, management expects to be able to increase the level through a concentrated sales effort, however there is no assurance that such effort will be successful or that assets under management will not decline from their present level. Marygold UK is also planning to introduce the Marygold fintech app to its customers and, more broadly, to the population of the U.K. as the mobile app finalizes its commercial launch in the U.S. and banking relationships are established in the U.K. There is no scheduled timeline for this launch, nor can assurances be made that the product will be widely or well received by the target customer base. Marygold UK employs 3 persons full time in the U.K. 
 
 Available Information 
 
 We maintain a website at www.themarygoldcompanies.com . We make available free of charge on or through our website our Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such materials to the SEC. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 10-K. In addition, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") maintains an Internet site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, from which investors can electronically access The Marygold Companies' SEC filings. 
 
 Controlled Company Status 
 
 Pursuant to a voting agreement, (the Voting Agreement ), Nicholas Gerber and Scott Schoenberger, through their respective trusts, will represent 22,948,008, or 56.84 of the Voting Stock with respect to matters that may have a material impact on Company strategy and shareholder rights. Because more than 50 of the combined voting power of all of our outstanding common stock is beneficially owned by Messrs. Gerber and Schoenberger, we are a controlled company as defined in section 801(a) of the NYSE American Company Guide. As such, we are exempt from certain NYSE American rules requiring our Board of Directors to have a majority of independent members, a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors and a nominating and governance committee composed entirely of independent directors. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

The Marygold Companies and its subsidiaries (referred to herein as we, us, our or similar expressions) are subject to certain risks and uncertainties in its business operations which are described below. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that are presently unknown or are currently deemed immaterial may also impair our business operations. The following risk factors should be read in connection with the other information included in this annual report on Form 10-K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our financial statements and the related notes. 
 
 The Company s business and operation could be negatively affected by any material litigation involving the Company or its subsidiaries. 
 
 USCF, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, is currently subject to class action litigation. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Estimating an amount or range of possible losses resulting from litigation proceedings is inherently difficult and requires an extensive degree of judgment, particularly where the matters involve indeterminate claims for monetary damages, are in the early stages of the proceedings, and are subject to appeal. In addition, because most legal proceedings are resolved over extended periods of time, potential losses are subject to change due to, among other things, new developments, changes in legal strategy, the outcome of intermediate procedural and substantive rulings and other parties settlement posture and their evaluation of the strength or weakness of their case against us. For these reasons, we are currently unable to predict the ultimate timing or outcome of, or reasonably estimate the possible losses or a range of possible losses resulting from, the matters described in Item 3. Legal Proceedings of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In light of the inherent uncertainties involved in such matters, an adverse outcome in this litigation could materially adversely affect the Company s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in any particular reporting period. 

11

Table of Contents 

Litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from a company s business. Additionally, litigation could give rise to perceived uncertainties as to a company s future, adversely affect its relationships with vendors and make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel. Also, a company subject to litigation may be required to incur significant legal fees and other expenses related to any litigation. 
 
 COVID-19 Risk 
 
 The Company may be impacted by certain continuing aftereffects from the economic disruption imposed by the COVID-19 pandemic, which was first detected in China in December 2019 and declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization in March 2020. COVID-19 has resulted in numerous deaths, travel restrictions, closed international borders, enhanced health screenings at ports of entry and elsewhere, disruption of and delays in healthcare service preparation and delivery, prolonged quarantines and the imposition of both local and more widespread work from home measures, cancellations, supply chain disruptions, and lower consumer demand, as well as general concern and uncertainty. The extent to which COVID-19 will continue to affect the Company and its service providers will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions taken to contain COVID-19. Given the significant economic and financial market disruptions associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company s results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Additional risks and uncertainties that are presently unknown or are currently deemed immaterial may also impair our business operations. These risk factors should be read in connection with the other information included in this annual report on Form 10-K, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and our financial statements and the related notes. 
 
 Risks Related to our Business and Structure 
 
 The Marygold Companies is a holding company and its only material assets are its cash in hand, equity interests in its operating subsidiaries and its other investments. As a result, The Marygold Companies principal source of cash flow is distributions from its subsidiaries and its subsidiaries may be limited by law and by contract in making distributions to The Marygold Companies. 
 
 As a holding company, The Marygold Companies assets are its cash and cash equivalents, the equity interests in its subsidiaries and other investments. 
 
 The principal source of cash flow is distributions from our subsidiaries. Thus, our ability to finance future acquisitions or develop new projects is dependent on the ability of our subsidiaries to generate sufficient net income and cash flows to make upstream cash distributions to us. Our subsidiaries are separate legal entities, and although they may be wholly-owned or controlled by us, they have no obligation to make any funds available to us, whether in the form of loans, dividends, distributions or otherwise. The ability of our subsidiaries to distribute cash to us are and will remain subject to, among other things, restrictions that are contained in each subsidiaries financing agreements, availability of sufficient funds and applicable state laws and regulatory restrictions. 
 
 Claims of creditors of our subsidiaries generally will have priority as to the assets of such subsidiaries over our claims and claims of our creditors and stockholders. To the extent our cash flow is dependent on our subsidiaries ability to make distributions to us could materially limit our ability to grow, pursue business opportunities or make acquisitions that could be beneficial to our businesses. 

12

Table of Contents 

Our business is subject to extensive government regulation and oversight. Our failure to comply with extensive, complex, overlapping, and frequently changing rules, regulations, and legal interpretations could materially harm our business. 
 
 Our business is subject to complex and changing laws, rules, regulations, policies, and legal interpretations in the markets in which we operate, including, but not limited to, those governing and enforcing: banking, credit, deposit taking, cross-border and domestic money transmission, prepaid access, foreign currency exchange, privacy and data protection, data governance, cybersecurity, banking secrecy, digital payments and cryptocurrency, payment services (including payment processing and settlement services), fraud detection, consumer protection, antitrust and competition, economic and trade sanctions, anti-money laundering, and counter-terrorist financing. As we, through our subsidiaries, introduce new products and services and expand into new markets, including through acquisitions, we may become subject to additional regulations, restrictions, and licensing requirements. 
 
 Any failure or perceived failure to comply with existing or new laws, regulations, or orders of any government authority (including changes to or expansion of their interpretation) may subject us to significant fines, penalties, criminal and civil lawsuits, forfeiture of significant assets, and enforcement actions in one or more jurisdictions; result in additional compliance and licensure requirements; cause us to lose existing licenses or prevent or delay us from obtaining additional licenses that may be required for our business; increase regulatory scrutiny of our business; divert management s time and attention from our business; restrict our operations; lead to increased friction for customers; force us to make changes to our business practices, products or operations; require us to engage in remediation activities; or delay planned transactions, product launches or improvements. Any of the foregoing could, individually or in the aggregate, harm our reputation, damage our brands and business, and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We have implemented policies and procedures designed to help ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, and agents will not violate such laws and regulations. 
 
 We are dependent on certain key personnel, the loss of which may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Major capital allocation decisions and investment decisions are made by Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors, Nicholas Gerber, with consultation from key personnel, from our management team and the executive management teams from our subsidiaries. The executive management teams that lead the Company and our subsidiaries are also highly experienced and possess extensive skills in their industry. If Mr. Gerber were to become unavailable, there could be a material adverse impact on our operations. However, the Company s Board of Directors have the power and authority to fill a vacancy left by Mr. Gerber. The ability to retain key personnel is important to our success and future growth. Competition for these professionals can be intense, and we may not be able to retain and motivate our existing officers and senior employees and continue to compensate such individuals competitively. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of these individuals could have a detrimental effect on our operations and negatively impact our financial condition or results of operations of our businesses and could hinder the ability of our business and our subsidiaries to effectively compete in the various industries in which we operate. 
 
 We need qualified personnel to manage and operate our subsidiaries. 
 
 Our decentralized business model requires that we retain qualified and competent managers to continue day-to-day operations of our subsidiaries and continue business operations in a changing political, business or regulatory environment. Our subsidiaries require qualified and competent personnel to execute their business plans and continue servicing their clients, suppliers and other stakeholders. Our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel to operate our business subsidiaries could negatively impact our operating results and our overall financial condition that is important to our success and future growth. 
 
 Risks related to commodity prices could materially and adversely affect USCF s business. 
 
 In 2020, in the context of the COVID-19 pandemic and disputes among oil-producing countries regarding potential limits on the production of crude oil, significant market volatility occurred and is continuing in the crude oil markets as well as the oil futures markets. As a result of this, significant market volatility in the oil futures markets, the market price of the front month futures contract fell below zero for a period of time. 
 
 Crude oil prices also vary depending on a number of factors affecting supply. For example, increased supply from the development of new oil supply sources and technologies to enhance recovery from existing sources tends to reduce crude oil prices to the extent such supply increases are not offset by commensurate growth in demand. Similarly, increases in industry refining or petrochemical manufacturing capacity may impact the supply of crude oil. World oil supply levels can also be affected by factors that reduce available supplies, such as adherence by member countries to the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries ("OPEC") production quotas and the occurrence of wars, hostile actions, natural disasters, disruptions in competitors' operations, or unexpected unavailability of distribution channels that may disrupt supplies. Technological change can also alter the relative costs for companies in the petroleum industry to find, produce, and refine oil and to manufacture petrochemicals, which in turn may affect the supply of and demand for oil. 
 
 The demand for crude oil also correlates closely with general economic growth rates. The occurrence of recessions or other periods of low or negative economic growth will typically have a direct adverse impact on crude oil prices. Other factors that affect general economic conditions in the world or in a major region, such as changes in population growth rates, periods of civil unrest, pandemics (including COVID-19), government austerity programs, or currency exchange rate fluctuations, can also impact the demand for crude oil. Sovereign debt downgrades, defaults, inability to access debt markets due to credit or legal constraints, liquidity crises, the breakup or restructuring of fiscal, monetary, or political systems such as the European Union, and other events or conditions that impair the functioning of financial markets and institutions also may adversely impact the demand for crude oil. 

13

Table of Contents 

Abnormally wide bid/ask spreads and market disruptions that halt or disrupt trading or create extreme volatility could undermine investor confidence in the ETP investment structure and limit investor acceptance of ETPs. 
 
 ETPs trade on exchanges in market transactions that generally approximate the value of the referenced assets or underlying portfolio of securities held by the particular ETP. Trading involves risks including the potential lack of an active market for fund shares, abnormally wide bid/ask spreads (the difference between the prices at which shares of an ETP can be bought and sold) that can exist for a variety of reasons and losses from trading. These risks can be exacerbated during periods when there is low demand for an ETP, when the markets in the underlying investments are closed, when markets conditions are extremely volatile or when trading is disrupted. This could result in limited growth or a reduction in the overall ETP market and result in our revenues not growing as rapidly as it has in the recent past or even in a reduction of revenues. 
 
 We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from our USCF Investments subsidiary, as a result, our operating results are particularly exposed to investor sentiment toward investing in the ETPs and ETFs sponsored by USCF and advised by USCF Advisers. 
 
 For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, approximately 60 and 63 of our revenues, respectively, were derived from USCF Investments operations, which consists of the management of ETPs and ETFs by USCF and USCF Advisers. As a result, our operating results are particularly exposed to the performance of these funds and our ability to maintain the assets under management of these funds, as well as investor sentiment toward investing in the funds' strategies. If the assets under management in these funds were to decline, either because of declining market values or net outflows from these funds, our revenues would be adversely affected. 
 
 We rely on third party suppliers, and our business may be affected by interruption of supplies or increases in product costs. 
 
 Gourmet Foods obtains most food related products and services from third party suppliers. Gourmet Foods typically does not have long-term contracts with suppliers. Although Gourmet Foods' purchasing volume can provide leverage when dealing with suppliers, suppliers may not provide the foodservice products and supplies Gourmet Foods needs in the quantities and at the time and prices requested. Gourmet Foods does not control the actual production of most of the products it sells. This means Gourmet Foods is also subject to delays caused by interruption in production and increases in product costs based on conditions outside its control. These conditions include work slowdowns, work interruptions, strikes or other job actions by employees of suppliers; severe weather; crop conditions; product recalls; transportation interruptions; unavailability of fuel or increases in fuel costs; competitive demands; and natural disasters, terrorist attacks or other catastrophic events (including, but not limited to, the outbreak of food-borne illnesses in the United States). Gourmet Foods' inability to obtain adequate supplies of foodservice and related products because of any of these or other factors could mean that Gourmet Foods could not fulfill its obligations to its customers and, as a result, customers may turn to other distributors. 
 
 Product recalls or other product liability claims could materially and adversely affect us. 
 
 Selling products for human consumption involves inherent legal and other risks, including product contamination, spoilage, product tampering, allergens, or other adulteration. We could in the future be required to recall products due to suspected or confirmed product contamination, adulteration, product mislabeling or misbranding, tampering, undeclared allergens, or other deficiencies. Product recalls or market withdrawals could result in significant losses due to their costs, the destruction of product inventory, and lost sales due to the unavailability of the product for a period of time. 
 
 Adverse attention about these types of concerns, whether or not valid, may damage our reputation, discourage consumers from buying our products, or cause production and delivery disruptions that could negatively impact our net sales and financial condition. 
 
 We may also suffer losses if our products or operations violate applicable laws or regulations, or if our products cause injury, illness, or death. In addition, our marketing could face claims of false or deceptive advertising or other criticism. A significant product liability or other legal judgment or a related regulatory enforcement action against us, or a significant product recall, may materially and adversely affect our reputation and profitability. Moreover, even if a product liability or fraud claim is unsuccessful, has no merit, or is not pursued to conclusion, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against our products or processes could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and operating results. 
 
 Our stock price may change significantly, and you may not be able to sell your shares of our common stock at or above the price you paid or at all, and you could lose all or part of your investment as a result. 
 
 The stock market may routinely experience periods of large or extreme volatility. In some instances, this volatility is unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies. 

The trading price of our common stock may be adversely affected due to a number of factors, many of which we cannot control. These factors may include, among other thing, results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; changes in expectations as to our or our industry's future financial performance, including financial estimates and investment recommendations by securities analysts and investors, and the publication of research reports regarding the same; 

14

Table of Contents 

changes in general economic or market conditions or trends in our industry or markets; 

future issuances or sales or purchases of our common stock or other securities; 

the public's response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties, including our filings with the SEC; duck 

changes in senior management or other key personnel. 

In the past, we have expanded our business internationally. This expansion subjects us to increased operational, regulatory, financial and other risks. 
 
 We face increased operational, regulatory, financial, compliance, reputational and foreign exchange rate risks as a result of our international expansion. The failure of our compliance and internal control systems to properly mitigate such additional risks, or of our operating infrastructure to support such expansion, could result in operational failures and regulatory fines or sanctions. If our international products and operations experience any negative consequences or are perceived negatively in non-U.S. markets, it may also harm our reputation in other markets, including the U.S. market. 
 
 Our risk management policies and procedures, and those of our third-party vendors upon which we rely, may not be fully effective in identifying or mitigating risk exposure, including employee misconduct. If our policies and procedures do not adequately protect us from exposure to these risks, we may incur losses that would adversely affect our financial condition, reputation and market share. 
 
 We have developed risk management policies and procedures and we continue to refine them as we conduct our business. Many of our procedures involve oversight of third-party vendors that provide us with critical services. Our policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage risks may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure. 
 
 These risks are difficult to detect in advance and deter, and could harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. If our policies and procedures do not adequately protect us from exposure and our exposure is not adequately covered by insurance or other risk-shifting tools, we may incur losses that would adversely affect our financial condition and could cause a reduction in our revenues as investors in our products shift their investments to the products of our competitors. 
 
 We rely on trademarks, trade secrets, and other forms of intellectual property protections, which may not be adequate to protect us from misappropriation or infringement of our intellectual property. 
 
 We rely on a combination of trademark, trade secret and other intellectual property laws in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate our businesses. We have applied for registration of a limited number of trademarks in the U.S. and in certain other countries, some of which have been registered or issued. We cannot guarantee that our applications will be approved by the applicable governmental authorities, or that third parties will not seek to oppose or otherwise challenge our registrations or applications. We also rely on unregistered proprietary rights, including common law trademark protection. Third parties may use trademarks identical or confusingly similar to ours, or independently develop trade secrets or know-how similar or equivalent to ours. If our proprietary information is divulged to third parties, including our competitors, or our intellectual property rights are otherwise misappropriated or infringed, our business could be harmed or adversely affected. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Controlled Company Election and Status 
 
 We are a " controlled company " within the meaning of the NYSE American rules and rely on exemptions from various corporate governance requirements that provide protection to stockholders of other companies. 
 
 We are a "controlled company" as defined in section 801(a) of the NYSE American Company Guide because more than 50 of the combined voting power of all of our outstanding common stock is beneficially owned or controlled by Messrs. Gerber and Schoenberger. Under the NYSE American rules, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by another person or group of persons acting together is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain NYSE American corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

A majority of the Company's Board of Directors consist of independent directors; 

the Company has a nominating committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee's purpose and responsibilities; duck 

the Company has a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee's purpose and responsibilities. 

These independence standards are intended to ensure that directors who meet those standards are free of any conflicting interest that could influence their actions as directors. 

15

Table of Contents 

The Company may elect in the future to use certain of these controlled company exemptions and the Company may continue to use all or some of these exemptions in the future for so long as the Company is a controlled company. Although we may rely on NYSE American's controlled company exemptions in the future, we currently have an independent board, nomination and governance committee and compensation committee. If the makeup of one or more of our board, nomination and governance committee or compensation committee changes such that we no longer comply with the independence standard of the NYSE American guidelines, then our stockholders may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE American rules. 
 
 The Company's CEO, through the Gerber Trust, controls a significant percentage of our common stock, and may exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval as well as heightened voting power at the board level, preventing other stockholders and new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions. 
 
 Mr. Nicholas D. Gerber, the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Chairman of the Board of the Company, is the beneficial owner of approximately 18,250,015 shares of our common stock, par value 0.001 per share (the "Common Stock"), representing approximately 45.21 of our total issued and outstanding Common Stock (giving effect to the conversion of all Series B Preferred Stock) . Mr. Gerber's Common Stock is held by the Nicholas and Melinda Gerber Living Trust (the "Gerber Trust"). Nicholas Gerber and Melinda Gerber serve as trustees of the Gerber Trust; As such, the Gerber Trust and Mr. Gerber share power to vote or to direct the vote of the shares and share power to dispose or to direct the disposition of Common Stock beneficially owned or controlled by Mr. Gerber. 
 
 Mr. Scott Schoenberger is a member of the Board of the Company. Mr. Schoenberger's shares of Common Stock are held by the Schoenberger Family Trust (the "Schoenberger Trust"). Mr. Schoenberger serves as the sole trustee of the Schoenberger Trust; As such, the Schoenberger Trust and Mr. Schoenberger share power to vote or to direct the vote of the shares and share power to dispose or to direct the disposition of these shares. Shares of our Common Stock held by Schoenberger Trust total 4,697,993 shares, representing 11.64 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (giving effect to the conversion of all Series B Preferred Stock). 
 
 Additionally, pursuant to a voting agreement, (the "Voting Agreement"), the Gerber Trust and Schoenberger Trust will continue to vote all shares of Voting Stock owned by them to elect each of Messrs. Gerber and Schoenberger to the Board along with other designees mutually agreed upon. By virtue of the Voting Agreement, Messrs. Gerber and Schoenberger will represent 22,948,008, or 56.84 of the Voting Stock with respect to matters that may have a material impact on Company strategy and shareholder rights. 
 
 In addition, pursuant to the Company s Bylaws, Directors have voting power equivalent to their percentage of total Share ownership, multiplied by the number of directors then on the board of directors, rounded to the nearest whole number, with no Director holding less than one vote. As a result of Mr. Gerber s ownership of Company Shares, Mr. Gerber has a relatively higher number of votes relative to other directors, in proportion to Mr. Gerber s ownership interest in the Company. 
 
 Cyber Security Risks 
 
 The efficient operation of our businesses is dependent on computer hardware and software systems. Unauthorized computer infiltration, denial-of-service attacks, phishing efforts, unauthorized access, malicious software codes, computer viruses or other such harmful computer campaigns may negatively impact our business causing significant disruptions to our business operations. We expect that we may be subject to a cyber-attack in some form or fashion in the future as such attacks become more sophisticated and frequent to all industries and all businesses of every size. There can be no assurance that our cyber-security measures and technology will adequately protect us from these and other risks, including external risks such as natural disasters and power outages and internal risks such as insecure coding and human error. 
 
 Although we have undertaken steps to prevent and mitigate cyber risks, there is no guarantee that our efforts will prevent cyber-attacks perpetrated against our information systems which could result in loss of assets and critical information, theft of intellectual property or inappropriate disclosure of confidential information and could expose us to remediation costs and reputational damage which could adversely affect our business in ways that cannot be predicted at this time. Any of these risks could materially affect our results of operations and consolidated financial results. 
 
 Future acquisitions or business opportunities could involve unknown risks that could harm our business and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are a holding company that owns interests in a number of different businesses. We have in the past, and intend in the future, to acquire businesses that involve unknown risks, some of which will be particular to the industry in which the investment or acquisition targets operate, including risks in industries with which we are not familiar or experienced. There can be no assurance our due diligence investigations will identify every matter that could have a material adverse effect on us or the entities that we may acquire. We may be unable to adequately address the financial, legal and operational risks raised by such investments or acquisitions, especially if we are unfamiliar with the relevant industry, which can lead to significant losses on material investments. The realization of any unknown risks could expose us to unanticipated costs and liabilities and prevent or limit us from realizing the projected benefits of the investments or acquisitions, which could adversely affect our financial condition and liquidity. In addition, our financial condition, results of operations and the ability to service our debt may be adversely impacted depending on the specific risks applicable to any business we invest in or acquire and our ability to address those risks. 

16

Table of Contents 

We could consume resources in researching acquisitions, business opportunities or financings and capital market transactions that are not consummated, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or invest in another business. 
 
 We are a holding company in the business of owning diverse and profitable businesses. Our business model also encompasses researching and investigating new acquisitions and business opportunities to support the growth of our Company. With each new contemplated acquisition or business opportunity, there are resources that must be allocated towards acquisition or engaging in a new business opportunity such as, the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments with respect to such transaction and may require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for financial advisors, accountants, attorneys and other advisors. If a decision is made not to consummate a specific acquisition, business opportunity or financing and capital market transaction, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, even if an agreement is reached relating to a specific acquisition, investment target or financing, we may fail to consummate the investment or acquisition for any number of reasons, including those beyond our control. Any such event could consume significant management time and result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred, which could adversely affect our financial position and our ability to consummate other acquisitions and investments. 
 
 We may fail to effectively integrate the businesses we acquire. 
 
 Historically, a portion of our growth has come through acquisitions. If we are unable to integrate acquired businesses successfully or realize anticipated synergies in a timely manner, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. Integrating acquired businesses may be more difficult in a region or market where we have limited expertise. A significant expansion of our business and operations, in terms of geography or magnitude, could strain our administrative and/or operational resources. Significant acquisitions may also require incurring debt. This could increase our interest expense and make it difficult for us to obtain financing for other significant acquisitions or capital investments in the future. 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

On July 2, 2019, Brigadier finalized the purchase of its office facility and land located in Saskatoon for CAN 750,000 (Approximately US 566,194), funded by a bank loan of CAN 525,000 (approximately US 396,336) and CAN 225,000 (US approximately 169,858) in cash. The bank loan matures in 2024 and bears interest at the annual rate of 4.14 . The Company does not own any other plants or real property. 
 
 Facilities 
 
 Administrative offices are co-located in the facility leased by our subsidiary, Original Sprout, whose mailing address is 120 Calle Iglesia, San Clemente, California 92672. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Brigadier, owns its land and buildings in Saskatoon and rents facilities in Regina, Canada. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Gourmet Foods, rents facilities in Tauranga and in Napier, New Zealand. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, USCF Investments, leases office space in Walnut Creek, California. Our wholly-owned subsidiary Marygold Co. rents office space in Centennial, Colorado. Our wholly-owned subsidiary Marygold UK rents office space in Croydon, England. We believe that the facilities described herein are adequate for our current and immediately foreseeable operating needs. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, the Company and its subsidiaries may be involved in legal proceedings arising primarily from the ordinary course of their respective businesses. Except as described below, there are no pending legal proceedings against the Company. USCF is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. USCF, as the general partner of USO and the general partner and sponsor of the related public funds may, from time to time, be involved in litigation arising out of its operations in the ordinary course of business. Except as described herein, USO and USCF are not currently party to any material legal proceedings. 
 
 Settlement of SEC and CFTC Investigations 
 
 On November 8, 2021, USCF and USO announced a resolution with each of the SEC and the CFTC relating to matters set forth in certain Wells Notices issued by the staffs of each of the SEC and CFTC as more fully described below. 

17

Table of Contents 

On August 17, 2020, USCF, USO, and John Love received a "Wells Notice" from the staff of the SEC (the "SEC Wells Notice"). The SEC Wells Notice stated that the SEC staff made a preliminary determination to recommend that the SEC file an enforcement action against USCF, USO, and Mr. Love alleging violations of Sections 17(a)(1) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 Act"), and Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act"), and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. 
 
 Subsequently, on August 19, 2020, USCF, USO, and Mr. Love received a Wells Notice from the staff of the CFTC (the "CFTC Wells Notice"). The CFTC Wells Notice stated that the CFTC staff made a preliminary determination to recommend that the CFTC file an enforcement action against USCF, USO, and Mr. Love alleging violations of Sections 4o(1)(A) and (B) and 6(c)(1) of the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA"), 7 U.S.C. 6o(1)(A) and (B) and 9(1) (2018), and CFTC Regulations 4.26, 4.41, and 180.1(a), 17 C.F.R. 4.26, 4.41, 180.1(a) (2019). 
 
 On November 8, 2021, acting pursuant to an offer of settlement submitted by USCF and USO, the SEC issued an order instituting cease-and-desist proceedings, making findings, and imposing a cease-and-desist order pursuant to Section 8A of the 1933 Act, directing USCF and USO to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations of Section 17(a)(3) of the 1933 Act, 15 U.S.C. 77q(a)(3) (the SEC Order). In the SEC Order, the SEC made findings that, from April 24, 2020 to May 21, 2020, USCF and USO violated Section 17(a)(3) of 1933 Act, which provides that it is "unlawful for any person in the offer or sale of any securities to engage in any transaction, practice, or course of business which operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon the purchaser." USCF and USO consented to entry of the SEC Order without admitting or denying the findings contained therein, except as to jurisdiction. 
 
 Separately, on November 8, 2021, acting pursuant to an offer of settlement submitted by USCF, the CFTC issued an order instituting cease-and-desist proceedings, making findings, and imposing a cease-and-desist order pursuant to Section 6(c) and (d) of the CEA, directing USCF to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations of Section 4o(1)(B) of the CEA, 7 U.S.C. 6o(1)(B), and CFTC Regulation 4.41(a)(2), 17 C.F.R. 4.41(a)(2) (the "CFTC Order"). In the CFTC Order, the CFTC made findings that, from on or about April 22, 2020 to June 12, 2020, USCF violated Section 4o(1)(B) of the CEA and CFTC Regulation 4.41(a)(2), which make it unlawful for any commodity pool operator ("CPO") to engage in "any transaction, practice, or course of business which operates as a fraud or deceit upon any client or participant or prospective client or participant" and prohibit a CPO from advertising in a manner which "operates as a fraud or deceit upon any client or participant or prospective client or participant," respectively. USCF consented to entry of the CFTC Order without admitting or denying the findings contained therein, except as to jurisdiction. 
 
 Pursuant to the SEC Order and the CFTC Order, in addition to the command to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations of Section 17(a)(3) of the 1933 Act, Section 4o(1)(B) of the CEA, and CFTC Regulation 4.14(a)(2), civil monetary penalties totaling two million five hundred thousand dollars 2,500,000) in the aggregate were required to be paid to the SEC and CFTC, of which one million two hundred fifty thousand dollars 1,250,000) was paid by USCF to each of the SEC and the CFTC, respectively, pursuant to the offsets permitted under the orders. 
 
 In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation 
 
 On June 19, 2020, USCF, USO, John P. Love, and Stuart P. Crumbaugh were named as defendants in a putative class action filed by purported shareholder Robert Lucas (the "Lucas Class Action"). The Court thereafter consolidated the Lucas Class Action with two related putative class actions filed on July 31, 2020 and August 13, 2020, and appointed a lead plaintiff. The consolidated class action is pending in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York under the caption In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation, Civil Action No. 1:20-cv-04740. 
 
 On November 30, 2020, the lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint (the "Amended Lucas Class Complaint"). The Amended Lucas Class Complaint asserts claims under the 1933 Act, the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5. The Amended Lucas Class Complaint challenges statements in registration statements that became effective on February 25, 2020 and March 23, 2020 as well as subsequent public statements through April 2020 concerning certain extraordinary market conditions and the attendant risks that caused the demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID-19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The Amended Lucas Class Complaint purports to have been brought by an investor in USO on behalf of a class of similarly-situated shareholders who purchased USO securities between February 25, 2020 and April 28, 2020 and pursuant to the challenged registration statements. The Amended Lucas Class Complaint seeks to certify a class and to award the class compensatory damages at an amount to be determined at trial as well as costs and attorney's fees. The Amended Lucas Class Complaint named as defendants USCF, USO, John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Nicholas D. Gerber, Andrew F Ngim, Robert L. Nguyen, Peter M. Robinson, Gordon L. Ellis, and Malcolm R. Fobes III, as well as the marketing agent, ALPS Distributors, Inc., and the Authorized Participants: ABN Amro, BNP Paribas Securities Corporation, Citadel Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Credit Suisse Securities USA LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs Company, J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corporation, Morgan Stanley Company Inc., Nomura Securities International Inc., RBC Capital Markets LLC, SG Americas Securities LLC, UBS Securities LLC, and Virtu Financial BD LLC. 
 
 The lead plaintiff has filed a notice of voluntary dismissal of its claims against BNP Paribas Securities Corporation, Citadel Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities USA LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Morgan Stanley Company, Inc., Nomura Securities International, Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, SG Americas Securities LLC, and UBS Securities LLC. 

18

Table of Contents 

USCF, USO, and the individual defendants in In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation intend to vigorously contest such claims and have moved for their dismissal. 
 
 Mehan Action 
 
 On August 10, 2020, purported shareholder Darshan Mehan filed a derivative action on behalf of nominal defendant USO, against defendants USCF, John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Nicholas D. Gerber, Andrew F Ngim, Robert L. Nguyen, Peter M. Robinson, Gordon L. Ellis, and Malcolm R. Fobes, III (the "Mehan Action"). The action is pending in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Alameda as Case No. RG20070732. 
 
 The Mehan Action alleges that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties to USO and failed to act in good faith in connection with a March 19, 2020 registration statement and offering and disclosures regarding certain extraordinary market conditions that caused demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID-19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The complaint seeks, on behalf of USO, compensatory damages, restitution, equitable relief, attorney's fees, and costs. All proceedings in the Mehan Action are stayed pending disposition of the motion(s) to dismiss in In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation . 
 
 USCF, USO, and the other defendants intend to vigorously contest such claims. 
 
 In re United States Oil Fund, LP Derivative Litigation 
 
 On August 27, 2020, purported shareholders Michael Cantrell and AML Pharm. Inc. DBA Golden International filed two separate derivative actions on behalf of nominal defendant USO, against defendants USCF, John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Andrew F Ngim, Gordon L. Ellis, Malcolm R. Fobes, III, Nicholas D. Gerber, Robert L. Nguyen, and Peter M. Robinson in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York at Civil Action No. 1:20-cv-06974 (the "Cantrell Action") and Civil Action No. 1:20-cv-06981 (the "AML Action"), respectively. 
 
 The complaints in the Cantrell and AML Actions are nearly identical. They each allege violations of Sections 10(b), 20(a) and 21D of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and common law claims of breach of fiduciary duties, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, and waste of corporate assets. These allegations stem from USO's disclosures and defendants' alleged actions in light of the extraordinary market conditions in 2020 that caused demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID-19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The complaints seek, on behalf of USO, compensatory damages, restitution, equitable relief, attorney's fees, and costs. The plaintiffs in the Cantrell and AML Actions have marked their actions as related to the Lucas Class Action. 
 
 The Court consolidated the Cantrell and AML Actions under the caption In re United States Oil Fund, LP Derivative Litigation, Civil Action No. 1:20-cv-06974 and appointed co-lead counsel. All proceedings in In re United States Oil Fund, LP Derivative Litigation are stayed pending disposition of the motion(s) to dismiss in In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation . 
 
 USCF, USO, and the other defendants intend to vigorously contest the claims in In re United States Oil Fund, LP Derivative Litigation . 
 
 Optimum Strategies Action 
 
 On April 6, 2022, USO and USCF were named as defendants in an action filed by Optimum Strategies Fund I, LP, a purported investor in call option contracts on USO (the "Optimum Strategies Action"). The action is pending in the U.S. District Court for the District of Connecticut at Civil Action No. 3:22-cv-00511. 
 
 The Optimum Strategies Action asserts claims under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act"), Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and the Connecticut Uniform Securities Act ("CUSA"). It purports to challenge statements in registration statements that became effective in February 2020, March 2020, and on April 20, 2020, as well as public statements between February 2020 and May 2020, in connection with certain extraordinary market conditions and the attendant risks that caused the demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID-19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The complaint seeks damages, interest, costs, attorney's fees, and equitable relief. 

19

Table of Contents 

On March 15, 2023, the court granted the USO defendants' motion to dismiss the complaint. In its ruling, the court granted the USO defendants' motion to dismiss, with prejudice, the plaintiff's claims under Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, and a claim for control person liability under Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. Having dismissed all claims over which the court had original jurisdiction, the court declined to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over the plaintiff's state law claim under CUSA and dismissed the claim without prejudice. No notice of appeal was filed. 

ITEM 4. 
 MY SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our Common Stock presently trades on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE")-American. The high and low bid prices, as reported by NYSE American, are as follows for fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. 

High 

Low 

Calendar 2021 

3rd Quarter 

4.78 

1.75 

4th Quarter 

3.96 

2.60 

Calendar 2022 

1st Quarter 

7.11 

1.77 

2nd Quarter 

2.3 

0.97 

3rd Quarter 

1.85 

1.10 

4th Quarter 

1.57 

1.08 

Calendar 2023 

1st Quarter 

2.03 

1.26 

2nd Quarter 

1.90 

1.03 

Holders 
 
 On September 20, 2023, there were approximately 354 registered holders of record of our common stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 We have declared no dividends for the current year, nor do we expect to in the foreseeable future. Our ability to pay dividends is subject to limitations imposed by Nevada law. Under Nevada law, dividends may be paid to the extent that a corporation's assets exceed its liabilities and it is able to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business. Under Nevada law, a company - such as our company - can pay dividends only 

from retained earnings, and 

no distribution can be made, if after giving it effect, 

the corporation would not be able to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business; or 

except as otherwise specifically allowed by the articles of incorporation, the corporation's total assets would be less than the sum of its total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed, if the corporation were to be dissolved at the time of distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of stockholders whose preferential rights are superior to those receiving the distribution. 

Our strategy on dividends is to declare and pay dividends only from retained earnings and only when our Board of Directors deems it prudent and in the best interests of the company to declare and pay dividends. 

20

Table of Contents 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Shares Issued for Services; Outstanding Stock Options 
 
 The Company neither sold or issued any unregistered shares of any class of stock within the last two years up to and including June 30, 2023. On August 25, 2021, the Company adopted the 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the "Plan") and issued stock and stock options during the current fiscal year as detailed in Note 12, Stockholders' Equity . 

ITEM 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

As a "smaller reporting company", we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto and is qualified in its entirety by the foregoing and by more detailed financial information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See "Consolidated Financial Statements." In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Some of the numbers included herein have been rounded for the convenience of presentation. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those discussed in the "Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements" found on page 4 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Our audited financial statements are stated in United States Dollars and are prepared in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. 
 
 Introduction 
 
 The Marygold Companies, Inc. ("The Marygold Companies" or the "Company") conducts business through its wholly-owned operating subsidiaries operating in the U.S., New Zealand and Canada. The operations of the Company's wholly-owned subsidiaries are more particularly described herein but are summarized as follows: 

USCF Investments, Inc. ("USCF Investments"), a U.S. based company, is the sole member of two investment services limited liability company subsidiaries that manages, operates or is an investment advisor to exchange traded funds organized as limited partnerships or investment trusts that issue shares that trade on the NYSE Arca stock exchange. 

Gourmet Foods, Ltd., a New Zealand based company, manufactures and distributes New Zealand meat pies on a commercial scale and its wholly-owned New Zealand subsidiary company, Printstock Products Limited, prints specialty wrappers for the food industry in New Zealand and Australia. (collectively "Gourmet Foods") 

Brigadier Security Systems (2000) Ltd. ("Brigadier"), a Canadian based company, sells and installs commercial and residential alarm monitoring systems. 

Kahnalytics, Inc. dba/Original Sprout ("Original Sprout"), a U.S. based company, is engaged in the wholesale distribution of hair and skin care products under the brand name Original Sprout on a global scale. 

Marygold Co., a newly formed U.S. based company, together with its wholly-owned limited liability company, Marygold Co. Advisory Services, LLC, collectively "Marygold") was established by The Marygold Companies to explore opportunities in the financial technology ("Fintech") space, completed its development phase in June 2023, and launched its commercial services in June 2023. Through June 30, 2023, expenditures have been limited to developing the business model and the associated application development. 

Marygold Co. (UK) Limited, a newly formed U.K. limited company, together with its newly acquired UK subsidiary, Tiger Financial and Asset Management, Ltd. (collectively "Marygold UK") is an asset manager and registered investment advisor in the UK. Operations began on June 20, 2022. 

Because the Company conducts its businesses through its wholly-owned operating subsidiaries, the risks related to our wholly-owned subsidiaries are also risks that impact the Company's financial condition and results of operations. See," Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies / Major Customers and Suppliers - Concentration of Credit Risk " in the consolidated financial statements for more information. The emergence of a novel coronavirus on a global scale, known as COVID-19, and related geopolitical events could lead to increased market volatility, disruption to U.S. and world economies and markets and may have significant adverse effects on the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. The financial risk to future operations is largely unknown, (refer to Part I, Item 1A, for further details.) 

21

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 We have chosen accounting policies that we believe are appropriate to report accurately and fairly our operating results and financial position, and we apply those accounting policies in a consistent manner. Our significant policies are summarized in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principals ("US GAAP" or "GAAP") requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical experience and other factors we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may vary from those estimates. 
 
 We believe the following accounting policies are the most critical in the preparation of our financial statements because they involve the most difficult, subjective or complex judgments about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. 
 
 Business Combinations - Purchase Price Allocation 
 
 We are a diversified holding company whose activities involve the acquisition of operating companies through stock purchase or asset purchase transactions. We account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting. All the assets acquired, liabilities assumed and amounts attributable to intangible assets, including goodwill, are recorded at their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. The determination of fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities involves estimates and the use of valuation techniques when market value is not readily available. We use various techniques to determine fair value in such instances, including the income approach and use of independent valuation firms. Significant estimates used in determining fair value include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of future cash flows, growth rates, discount rates and useful lives. The excess of the purchase consideration over fair values of identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. See Note 8 for further detail on goodwill. Management's estimate of fair value is based on assumptions believed to be reasonable, and are supported by independent valuations where possible, but nevertheless remain subjective and subject to future adjustment if actual results differ from the estimates. 
 
 Foreign Subsidiaries 
 
 We currently have three wholly-owned subsidiaries that are domiciled in foreign countries. In the future we may acquire additional foreign subsidiaries. The financial statements of our foreign subsidiaries are kept in accordance with their respective local jurisdictions and require adjustment in order to conform to U.S. GAAP. Additionally, local currencies of these subsidiaries require conversion to our US dollar in accordance with ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters . Due to changing currency translation rates, the value of our assets and liabilities held in foreign jurisdictions are inherently volatile in nature and may vary significantly despite our use of averages and estimates. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 
 Our operating subsidiaries derive revenues from a number of sources including sales of hardware, services, food items, printing, financial services, and consumer products. The company recognizes the revenue when the product or service is delivered, or the ownership of the product is deemed to have been transferred to the buyer. We carefully monitor the outgoings of product shipments and service completions to ensure revenues are properly recorded. In the case of continued support services, such as warranty or extended contracts, the company makes an assessment at each reporting period as to the significance of the cost of such support or warranty. This estimate is based on historical experience and careful monitoring of costs throughout the reporting period to determine if any reserve should be recorded for estimated expenses. We believe we have made careful and reasonable estimates, however adjustments may be required in the future if actual results vary from our estimates. 
 
 Plan of Operation for the Next Twelve Months 
 
 Our plan of operation for the next twelve months is to apply necessary resources, which may include experienced personnel, cash, or synergistic acquisitions made with cash, equity or debt, into growing each of our business units to their potential. Original Sprout has found it necessary to alter its approach through domestic distribution channels. Due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on consumer shopping habits, many domestic distributors have found it advantageous to sell direct to consumers online, thus becoming retailers in lieu of distributors. The result has been an erosion of profit margins and a fragmented sales channel which have slowed the product roll out plans of Original Sprout. They are in the final stages of correcting this situation and, in spite of incurring losses as a result, expect to realize significant growth in sales volume and profits in the coming fiscal year. Additionally, we are expecting moderate growth in Brigadier through focused management initiatives and partnering with local telecoms and contractors. Similarly, we expect Gourmet Foods to be operating more efficiently as low margin products are eliminated, new channels to market are established, and the printing and sale of food wrappers by their subsidiary, Printstock, continue to improve. USCF Investments will continue to develop innovative and new fund products to grow its portfolio. In addition to our long-term mission that is an acquisition strategy based upon identifying and acquiring profitable, mature, companies of a diverse nature and with in-place management that produces increased revenue streams, the Company is also focused upon building expertise and developing Fintech opportunities in the financial services sector through its subsidiary Marygold and Co. To augment that effort, the Company established a subsidiary in England, Marygold UK, who acquired a registered UK investment advisor, Tiger Financial and Asset Management ("Tiger"). We hope to leverage the client list, industry experience, and banking relationships of Tiger to project our Marygold Co fintech offerings in the UK during the coming fiscal year. In a more general sense, the Company is characterizing its business in two categories: 1) financial services and 2) other consumer-based operating units. The purpose is to isolate the cyclical, and sometimes volatile, nature of the financial services business from our other industry segments. As revenues from financial services fluctuate over time due to varying performance of the commodities markets, our other operations are expected to be stable and sustainable by comparison. By these initiatives we seek to: 

continue to gain market share for our wholly-owned subsidiaries' areas of operation, 

22

Table of Contents 

increase our revenues and realize net operating profits, 

lower our operating costs by unburdening certain selling expenses to third party distributors, 

have sufficient cash reserves to pay down accrued expenses. 

attract parties who have an interest in selling their privately held companies to us, 

achieve efficiencies in accounting and reporting through adoption of standards used by all subsidiaries on a consistent basis, 

strategically pursue additional company acquisitions, and 

expand launch of services by Marygold Co., Marygold UK, and Marygold Co. Advisory Services LLC, and the creation of new corporate entities as focused subsidiary holdings. 

Results of Operations 
 
 For the Year Ended June 30, 2023 Compared to the Year Ended June 30, 2022 
 
 Revenue, Expenses and Operating Income 
 
 Consolidated revenues for the year ended June 30, 2023 were 34.9 million representing approximately a 3.0 million or 8 decrease from the prior year revenue of 37.8 million. The decrease in consolidated revenues is primarily attributed to the decrease in annual revenues of USCF Investments. USCF Investments' average Assets Under Management ("AUM") for the year ended June 30, 2023 was lower than that of 2022, which resulted in a revenue decrease of approximately 3.0 million. The other non-financial subsidiaries combined for a total decrease in revenues of approximately 0.5 million or approximately 4 , offset by 0.5 million in revenue from our UK financial services subsidiary which did not have a full year of operations during the prior year. 
 
 Consolidated operating expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023 were 33.5 million, a decrease of 2.0 million from the prior year expense of 35.5 million primarily due to the 2.5 million legal settlement incurred by USCF Investments in the prior year. 
 
 The Marygold Companies produced operating income for the year ended June 30, 2023 of 1.4 million as compared to 2.4 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. This represents a decrease in operating income of 1.0 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 when compared to the year ended June 30, 2022 or approximately 33 . Apart from the 3.0 million decline in revenues, the difference in operating income is attributed to the expenses incurred by our subsidiary, Marygold Co., in development of its mobile fintech app, which amounted to approximately 3.4 million, and a legal settlement of 2.5 million incurred by our USCF Investments subsidiary in the prior year. 
 
 Other Income (Expenses) 
 
 Other income (expense) for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were 174 thousand and 22) thousand, respectively, resulting in income before income tax of 1.6 million and 2.4 million, respectively. 
 
 Income Tax 
 
 Provision for income tax for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 are 0.4 million and 1.2 million, respectively, primarily attributable to our United States operations through our USCF Investments subsidiary. Income tax expense recorded at The Marygold Companies level totaled 0.3 million for the year ended June 30, 2023, while a tax expense of 1.1 million was recorded for the year ended June 30, 2022. The remaining income tax expense was recorded at the subsidiary level during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Net Income 
 
 Overall, the net income between the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022 increased by approximately 19 thousand, or approximately 2 , to approximately 1.2 million. The increase in net income for the year ended June 30, 2023 was primarily attributable to the 2.5 million legal expense incurred in the prior year, lower operating expenses in the current year, and offset by lower fund management revenue from USCF Investments due to a lower amount of AUM coupled with approximately 3.4 million expensed at The Marygold Companies for the mobile fintech app development costs. 
 
 Comprehensive Income 
 
 After giving consideration to a currency translation gain of approximately 0.1 million, our comprehensive income for the year ended June 30, 2023 was 1.3 million as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022 where there was a currency translation (loss) of 0.4) million which resulted in comprehensive income of 0.8 million. Comprehensive gain and loss are comprised of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and effects in the valuation of our holdings in the U.K., New Zealand and Canada. 

23

Table of Contents 

Investment Fund Management - USCF Investments 
 
 USCF Investments was founded as a holding company in March 2004 as a Delaware corporation with one subsidiary, Ameristock Corporation, which was an investment adviser to Ameristock Mutual Fund, Inc., a large cap value equity fund registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"). In January 2010, Ameristock Corporation was spun off as a standalone company. In May 2005, USCF was formed as a single member limited liability company in the state of Delaware. In June 2013, USCF Advisers was formed as a Delaware limited liability company and in July 2014, was registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. In November 2013, the USCF Advisers board of managers formed USCF ETF Trust ("ETF Trust") as an open-end management investment company registered under the 1940 Act. The Trust is authorized to have multiple segregated series or portfolios. USCF Investments owns all of the issued and outstanding limited liability company membership interests of its subsidiaries, USCF and USCF Advisers, each a Delaware limited liability company and are affiliated companies. USCF serves as the general partner ("General Partner") for various limited partnerships ("LP") and sponsor ("Sponsor") as noted below. USCF and USCF Advisers are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations generally applicable to the investment services industry. USCF is a commodity pool operator ("CPO") subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") and the National Futures Association (the "NFA") under the Commodities Exchange Act ("CEA"). USCF Advisers is an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended and has registered as a CPO under the CEA. Exchange traded products ("ETPs") issued or sponsored by USCF are required to be registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") in accordance with the Securities Act of 1933. USCF Investments operates through USCF and USCF Advisers, which collectively operate 14 exchange-traded products ("ETPs") and exchange traded funds ("ETFs"), regulated by the 1940 Act and 1933 Act, and listed on the NYSE Arca, Inc. ("NYSE Arca") with a total of approximately 3.5 billion assets under management as of June 30, 2023. USCF Investments and subsidiaries USCF and USCF Advisers are collectively referred to as "USCF Investments" hereafter. 
 
 USCF currently serves as the General Partner or the Sponsor to the following commodity pools, each of which is currently conducting a public offering of its shares pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended: 

USCF as General Partner for the following funds: 

United States Oil Fund, LP ("USO") 
 Organized as a Delaware limited partnership in May 2005 

United States Natural Gas Fund, LP ("UNG") 
 Organized as a Delaware limited partnership in November 2006 

United States Gasoline Fund, LP ("UGA") 
 Organized as a Delaware limited partnership in April 2007 

United States 12 Month Oil Fund, LP ("USL") 
 Organized as a Delaware limited partnership in June 2007 

United States 12 Month Natural Gas Fund, LP ("UNL") 
 Organized as a Delaware limited partnership in June 2007 

United States Brent Oil Fund, LP ("BNO") 
 Organized as a Delaware limited partnership in September 2009 

USCF as fund Sponsor - each a series within the United States Commodity Index Funds Trust ("USCIF Trust") 

United States Commodity Index Fund ("USCI") 
 Series of the USCIF Trust created in April 2010 

United States Copper Index Fund ("CPER") 
 Series of the USCIF Trust created in November 2010 

USCF Advisers, a registered investment adviser, serves as the investment adviser to the funds listed below within the USCF ETF Trust (the "ETF Trust") and has overall responsibility for the general management and administration for the ETF Trust. Pursuant to the current Investment Advisory Agreements, USCF Advisers provides an investment program for each of series within the ETF Trust and manages the investment of the assets. 

USCF Advisers as fund manager for each series within the USCF ETF Trust: 

USCF SummerHaven Dynamic Commodity Strategy No K-1 Fund ("SDCI") 
 Fund launched May 2018 

USCF Midstream Energy Income Fund ("UMI") 
 Fund launched March 2021 

USCF Gold Strategy Plus Income Fund ("GLDX") 
 Fund launched November 2021 

USCF Dividend Income Fund ("UDI") 
 Fund launched June 2022 

USCF Sustainable Battery Metals Strategy Fund ("ZSB") 
 Fund launched January 2023 

USCF Energy Commodity Strategy Absolute Return Fund ("USE") 
 Fund launched May 2023 

All commodity pools managed by USCF and each series of the ETF Trust managed by USCF Advisers are collectively referred to as the "Funds" hereafter. 
 
 USCF Investments' revenue and expenses are primarily driven by the amount of AUM. USCF Investments earns monthly management and advisory fees based on agreements with each Fund as determined by the contractual basis point management fee structure in each agreement multiplied by the average AUM over the given period. Many of the company's expenses are dependent upon the amount of AUM. These variable expenses include Fund administration, custody, accounting, transfer agency, marketing and distribution, and sub-adviser fees and are primarily determined by multiplying contractual fee rates by AUM. Total Operating Expenses are grouped into the following financial statement line items: General and Administrative, Marketing, Operations and Salaries and Compensation. 

24

Table of Contents 

For the Year Ended June 30, 202 3, Compared to the Year Ended June 30, 2022 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Average AUM for the year ended June 30, 2023 was at 3.7 billion, as compared to approximately 4.4 billion from the year ended June 30, 2022 primarily due to a decrease in AUM at USO, BNO and USCI, partially offset by an increase with UNG. As a result, the revenues from management and advisory fees decreased by approximately 3.0 million, or 12 , to 20.9 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022 where revenues from management and advisory fees totaled 23.8 million. 
 
 Expenses 
 
 USCF Investments' total operating expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023 decreased by 3.4 million, after recording the 2.5 million Wells Notice payment in the prior year, to 13.4 million, or approximately 20 , from 16.7 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. Variable expenses, as described above, decreased by 1.2 million over the respective twelve-month period due to lower AUM for USO, BNO and USCI during the fiscal year which resulted in lower fund accounting and administration expenses, sub-advisory fees, marketing and distribution expenses and other variable costs. General and Administrative expenses increased 0.3 million to 2.4 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 from 2.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2022 due to an increase in new fund start up costs, travel expenses and software subscriptions. Total marketing expenses decreased 0.8 million to 1.7 million for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to the prior year period due to a decrease in marketing distribution costs as a result of lower overall AUM and new reduced contractual rates for fund distribution, partially offset by increases in advertising and marketing conferences. Other Operating expenses decreased by 0.2 million primarily due to lower sub-adviser fees as result of lower AUM for USCI, and lower fund accounting and administration expense due to lower average AUM from other funds. Employee Salaries and Compensation expenses were approximately 4.7 million and 4.9 million, a decrease of 0.2 million, for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, primarily due to moving three employees to The Marygold Companies parent to better align functions and the related expense across the entities. 
 
 Income 
 
 Income before income taxes for the year ended June 30, 2023 increased 0.5 million to 7.6 million from 7.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2022 due to a 3.0 million decrease in revenue as a result of lower AUM, a 3.4 million decrease in operating expenses, and after recording the 2.5 million legal settlement expense in the prior year. 
 
 Food Products - Gourmet Foods, Ltd. 
 
 Gourmet Foods was organized in its current form in 2005 (previously known as Pats Pantry Ltd). Pats Pantry was founded in 1966 to produce and sell wholesale bakery products, meat pies and patisserie cakes and slices, in New Zealand. Gourmet Foods, located in Tauranga, New Zealand, sells substantially all of its goods to supermarkets and service station chains with stores located throughout New Zealand. Gourmet Foods also has a large number of smaller independent lunch bars, cafes and corner dairies among the customer list, however they comprise a relatively insignificant dollar volume in comparison to the primary accounts of large distributors and retailers. On July 1, 2020, Gourmet Foods acquired the New Zealand company, Printstock Products Limited ("Printstock"). Located in nearby Napier, New Zealand, Printstock prints wrappers for food products, including those used by Gourmet Foods. Printstock is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Gourmet Foods and its operating results are consolidated with those of Gourmet Foods from July 1, 2020 onwards. 
 
 Gourmet Foods operates exclusively in New Zealand and thus the New Zealand dollar is its functional currency. In order to consolidate The Marygold Companies' reporting currency, the US dollar, with that of Gourmet Foods, The Marygold Companies records foreign currency translation adjustments and transaction gains and losses in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 830, Foreign Currency Matters . The translation of New Zealand currency into U.S. dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period. Gains and losses resulting from foreign currency translations are included in foreign currency translation (loss) gain on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income as well as accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income found on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 For the Year Ended June 30, 2023, Compared to the Year Ended June 30, 2022 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Net revenues for the year ended June 30, 2023 were 7.6 million with cost of goods sold of 5.7 million resulting in a gross profit of 1.9 million, or approximately 25 gross margin, as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022 where net revenues were 7.9 million and cost of goods sold were 5.9 million producing a gross profit of 2 million, or approximately 25 gross margin. The decrease in revenues is partially attributed to the decline of the New Zealand dollar against the U.S. dollar coupled with the changing product mix sold to grocery stores. 

25

Table of Contents 

Expenses 
 
 General, administrative and selling expenses, including wages, depreciation and marketing, for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were 1.6 million producing operating income of 0.3 million and 0.4 million, respectively, or approximately 4 net operating profit for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. Other income comprised of rental income, interest income less other expenses totaled approximately 27 thousand for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to 29) thousand for the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 Income 
 
 Income for the year ended June 30, 2023, after income tax of 0.1 million, resulted in net income of approximately 0.3 million as compared to a net income of 0.3 million for the year ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 Security Systems - Brigadier Security Systems (2000) Ltd. 
 
 Brigadier Security Systems, founded in 1985, is a leading electronic security company in the province of Saskatchewan. Brigadier Security Systems has offices located in the urban areas of Saskatchewan, Brigadier Security in Saskatoon, and operating as Elite Security in Regina. The company has a combined industry experience of over 136 years. Brigadier provides comprehensive security solutions including access control, camera systems, fire alarm monitoring panels, and intrusion alarms to home and business owners as well as government offices, schools, and public buildings. Their experience as the provider of choice on many large notable sites shows a commitment to design, service and support. Brigadier specializes, and is certified, in several major manufacturers' products: Honeywell Security, Panasonic, Avigilon and JCI/DSC/Kantech security products. The company and staff are recognized for dedication to customer service with annual awards from SecurTek including being recipients of the Customer Retention, Service Excellence, and overall best dealer with the President's Award. The company demonstrates a commitment to delivering outstanding quality to customers by the notable facilities, businesses, and homes they secure. 
 
 Brigadier Security Systems is an authorized SecurTek dealer. SecurTek is owned by SaskTel which is Saskatchewan's leading Information and Communications Technology (ICT) provider with over 1.4 million customer connections across Canada. Under the terms of its authorized dealer contract with the monitoring company, Brigadier earns monthly payments during the term of the monitoring contract in exchange for performance of customer service activities on behalf of the monitoring company. 
 
 Brigadier operates exclusively in Canada and thus the Canadian dollar is its functional currency. In order to consolidate The Marygold Companies reporting currency, the U.S. dollar, with that of Brigadier, The Marygold Companies records foreign currency translation adjustments and transaction gains and losses in accordance with ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters . The translation of Canadian currency into U.S. dollars is performed for balance sheet accounts using the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and expense accounts using a weighted average exchange rate during the period. 
 
 For the Year Ended June 30, 2023, Compared to the Year Ended June 30, 2022 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Net revenues for the year ended June 30, 2023 were 2.8 million with cost of goods sold of approximately 1.3 million, resulting in a gross profit of approximately 1.5 million with a gross margin of approximately 55 as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022 where net revenues were approximately 2.5 million with cost of goods sold of 1.2 million and a gross profit of 1.3 million, or approximately 54 gross margin. 
 
 Expenses 
 
 General, administrative and selling expenses for the year ended June 30, 2023 were 1.2 million producing an operating profit of 0.3 million or approximately 13 operating profit margin as compared to the year ended June 30, 2022 where general, administrative and selling expenses were 1.1 million producing an operating profit of 0.2 million, or approximately 10 operating profit margin. 
 
 Income 
 
 Other income comprised of rental income, commission income, and income tax expense totaling approximately 73 thousand for the year ended June 30, 2023 resulted in income after income taxes of approximately 0.4 million as compared to income after income taxes of approximately 0.3 million for the year ended June 30, 2022 with other income totaling approximately 12 thousand. 

26

Table of Contents 

Beauty Products - Original Sprout 
 
 Kahnalytics was founded in 2015 and adopted the dba/Original Sprout in December 2017. Original Sprout formulates and packages various hair and skin care products that are 100 vegan, tested safe and non-toxic, and marketed globally through distribution networks to salons, resorts, grocery stores, health food stores, e-tail sites and on the company's website. The company operates from warehouse and sales offices located in San Clemente, CA, USA. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic lock downs, Original Sprout made adjustments to its primary channels to market to allow for online shopping and contactless deliveries. Prior to the pandemic, Original Sprout relied heavily upon its wholesale distribution network to place products at retail locations and generally to make products available to consumers, whereas post-COVID-19 wholesale distributors have now adopted the practice of selling direct to consumers via e-tail platforms such as Amazon. This trend has eroded the retail price point and made it difficult for Original Sprout to maintain a presence on the shelf of retail outlets. As a result, many of the agreements with domestic wholesalers have been cancelled in an effort to thwart brand and price erosion. New channel partners are being established and price protections are being implemented, however the negative effects of the transition to new sales channels are reflected in reduced revenues and operating losses for the year ended June 30, 2023. Management expects to recover from the transition and realize higher revenues and positive operating results in the coming fiscal year. 
 
 For the Year Ended June 30, 2023, Compared to the Year Ended June 30, 2022 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Net revenues for the year ended June 30, 2023 were 3 million with cost of goods sold of approximately 1.7 million resulting in a gross profit of approximately 1.3 million and a gross margin of approximately 42 compared to the year ended June 30, 2022 were net revenues totaled 3.5 million with cost of goods sold of approximately 2.1 million resulting in a gross profit of approximately 1.4 million and a gross margin of approximately 41 . 
 
 Expenses 
 
 General, administrative and selling expenses for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were approximately 1.6 million and 1.6 million, respectively, resulting in operating (losses) of approximately 285) thousand and 193) thousand, respectively. 
 
 Income 
 
 After consideration given to income tax provision and other (expenses) income of 3) thousand and 5 thousand, respectively, the net (loss) for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were approximately 289) thousand and 188) thousand, respectively. 
 
 Financial Services - Marygold UK 
 
 Marygold UK operates through its wholly owned subsidiary Tiger Financial Asset Management Limited ("Tiger"), which was acquired in June 2022. Tiger acts as an investment advisor and financial planner to its clients and has two principal revenue streams which comprise ongoing fees for providing investment advice, and commissions for the intermediation of insurance-based products. Approximately 39 of revenues are derived from fees earned from ongoing (recurring) investment advice as compared to 61 derived from ongoing (recurring) commissions received for intermediating insurance-based products. Tiger does not provide investment management services directly, rather the clients assets are referred to third party investment managers, primarily discretionary investment managers. Tiger receives fees for the ongoing advice and financial planning services which are charged as a percentage of the assets under management, which as of June 30, 2023 was approximately 40 million. There is no comparison data as Tiger was acquired in the current fiscal year and Marygold UK had no operations prior to the acquisition of Tiger in 2022. 
 
 For the Year Ended June 30, 2023 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Net revenue for the year ended June 30, 2023 was 517 thousand. 
 
 Expenses 
 
 General, administrative and operating expenses totaled 440,514 for the year ended June 30, 2023 resulting in an operating income of 76 thousand. 
 
 Income 
 
 After consideration given to income tax provision of 23 thousand, the net income for the year ended June 30, 2023 was 53 thousand. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The Marygold Companies is a holding company that conducts its operations through its subsidiaries. At the holding-company level, its liquidity needs relate to operational expense, the funding of additional business acquisitions and new investment opportunities. Our operating subsidiaries' principal liquidity requirements arise from cash used in operating activities, debt service, and capital expenditures, including purchases of equipment and services, operating costs and expenses, and income taxes. Cash is managed at the holding company or the subsidiary level. There are no limitations or constraints on the movement of funds between the entities. 
 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had 8.2 million of cash and cash equivalents, excluding 0.4 million in restricted cash, on a consolidated basis as compared to 12.9 million as of June 30, 2022. The decrease in cash was primarily due to the continuing investment in the development of the mobile fintech app by Marygold. 
 
 During the past five fiscal years combined, The Marygold Companies has invested an aggregate of approximately 6.6 million in cash towards purchasing and assimilating Printstock within Gourmet Foods, and adding the Original Sprout assets into the The Marygold Companies group of companies as well as forming a new U.K. limited company, Marygold UK, and funding it with enough capital to pay approximately 1.8 million in cash towards the 2.9 million purchase price of its subsidiary, Tiger. We have also invested approximately 9.4 million in the development of Fintech applications through our development stage subsidiary, Marygold. Despite these cash investments and expenses, our working capital position remains strong at approximately 22.6 million. While The Marygold Companies intends to maintain and improve its revenue stream from wholly-owned subsidiaries, The Marygold Companies continues to pursue acquisitions of other profitable companies which meet its target profile. Provided The Marygold Companies' subsidiaries continue to operate as they are presently, and are projected to operate, The Marygold Companies has sufficient capital to pay its general and administrative expenses for the coming fiscal year and to adequately pursue its long-term business objectives. However, given the significant economic and financial market disruptions associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company's results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Lease Liability 
 
 The Company has various operating leases for offices, warehouses and manufacturing facilities. The total amount due under these obligations was 837,844 and 1,404,880 as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. The obligations will reduce over the passage of time through periodic lease payments. See Note 15 for further analysis of this obligation. 

27

Table of Contents 

Borrowings 
 
 As of June 30, 2023, we had 0.3 million of third-party indebtedness on a consolidated basis as compared to 0.4 million of third-party and related-party indebtedness as of June 30, 2022. Approximately US 340,849 is owed by Brigadier and secured with the land and building in Saskatoon purchased in July 2019. The initial principal balance was CD 525,000 (approximately US 401,000 translated as of the loan date July 1, 2019) with an annual interest rate of 4.14 maturing June 30, 2024. The short-term portion of principal for this loan due within 12 months as of June 30, 2023 is CD 451,500 (approximately US 340,849). Interest on the loan is expensed or accrued as it becomes due. Interest expense on the loan for the year ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was US 14,231 and US 15,742, respectively. 
 
 In addition to the loan due by Brigadier, our subsidiary, Gourmet Foods, has a finance lease liability related to a solar energy system. Total lease liabilities under the lease for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were NZ 174,405 (approximately US 106,469 translated as of June 30, 2023) as compared to NZ 203,814 (approximately US 124,422 translated as of June 30, 2023), respectively, and are included under loans - property and equipment on our consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The Marygold Companies, without inclusion of its subsidiary companies, had no debt as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Investments 
 
 USCF Investments, from time to time, provides initial investments in the creation of ETP funds that USCF Investments manages. USCF Investments classifies these investments as current assets as these investments are generally sold within one year from the balance sheet date. As of June 30, 2023, USCF Investments held investment positions in three of its 40 Act funds, GLDX, ZSB and USE of 1.3 million, 1.9 million and 2.6 million, respectively. As of June 30, 2022 USCF Investments had a 1.3 million position in GLDX. These investments along with other investments, as applicable, are described further in Note 7 to our Financial Statements. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Our strategy on dividends is to declare and pay dividends only from retained earnings and only when our Board of Directors deems it prudent and in the best interests of the Company to declare and pay dividends. We paid no dividends during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 At June 30, 2023, and as of September 25, 2023, we have not entered into any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement with an entity unconsolidated with us under which we have: 

An obligation under a guarantee contract, 

A retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to the unconsolidated entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity for such assets, 

An obligation, including a contingent obligation, arising out of a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that is held by, and material to, us where such entity provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support to, or engages in leasing, hedging, or research and development services with us. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a "smaller reporting company", we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our financial statements appear as follows: 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. BPM San Francisco, CA. (Firm ID No. F-1 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets, as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-2 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-3 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-4 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 F-6 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

28

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of The Marygold Companies, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Marygold Companies, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as "the consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis of opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee of the Board of Directors and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Description of the Matter 
 
 As described in Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies , of the consolidated financial statements, the Company is party to various legal proceedings and regulatory inquiries. The Company discloses the legal proceedings and that no accrual has been recorded with respect to them as of June 30, 2023. The Company further discloses that it is currently unable to predict the timing or outcome of, or reasonably estimate the possible losses or range of possible losses resulting from these matters, and that it is reasonably possible that this estimate will change in the near term. The Company discloses that an adverse outcome regarding these matters could materially adversely affect the Company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Auditing the Company's accounting for, and disclosure of, loss contingencies related to the various legal proceedings was especially challenging due to the significant judgement required to evaluate management's assessment of the likelihood of a loss, and of the potential amount or range of such loss. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 
 To test the Company's assessment of the probability of incurrence of a loss, whether the loss was reasonably estimable, and the conclusion and disclosures regarding any range of possible losses, including when the Company believes such a range cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, we read the minutes or a summary of the meetings of the Board of Directors, requested and received internal and external legal counsel confirmations letters, discussed with legal counsel the nature of the various matters and obtained representations from management. We also evaluated the appropriateness of the related disclosures included in Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies , to the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 
 
 September 25, 2023 

F-1

Table of Contents 

THE MARYGOLD COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 2023 June 30, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 
 
 CURRENT ASSETS 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Accounts receivable, net 
 Accounts receivable - related parties 
 Inventories 
 Prepaid income tax and tax receivable 
 Investments, at fair value 
 Other current assets 
 Total current assets 
 
 Restricted cash 
 Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Operating lease right-of-use asset 
 Goodwill 
 Intangible assets, net 
 Deferred tax assets, net - United States 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 CURRENT LIABILITIES 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Expense waivers related parties 
 Operating lease liabilities, current portion 
 Purchase consideration payable 
 Loans - property and equipment, current portion 
 Total current liabilities 
 
 LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 
 Loans - property and equipment, net of current portion 
 Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 
 Deferred tax liabilities, net - foreign 
 Total long-term liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 
 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Preferred stock, 0.001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized 
 Series B: 49,360 shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and at June 30, 2022 
 Common stock, 0.001 par value; 900,000,000 shares authorized; 39,383,459 shares issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and at June 30, 2022 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Retained earnings 
 Total stockholders' equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-2

Table of Contents 

THE MARYGOLD COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 

Year Ended June 30, 2022 

Net revenue 

Fund management - related party 

Food products 

Security systems 

Beauty products 

Financial services 

Net revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expense 

Salaries and compensation 

General and administrative expense 

Fund operations 

Marketing and advertising 

Depreciation and amortization 

Legal settlement 

Total operating expenses 

Income from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest and dividend income 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

Other (expense), net 

() 

() 

Total other income (expense), net 

() 

Income before income taxes 

Provision of income taxes 

() 

() 

Net income 

Weighted average shares of common stock 

Basic 

Diluted 

Net income per common share 

Basic 

Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-3

Table of Contents 

THE MARYGOLD COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

Year Ended June 30, 2023 

Year Ended June 30, 2022 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 

() 

Comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-4

Table of Contents 

THE MARYGOLD COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 30, 2023 AND 2022 

Period Ending June 30, 2023 Preferred Stock (Series B) Common Stock 
 Number of Shares Amount Number of Shares Par Value Additional Paid - in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Total Stockholders' Equity 
 Balance at July 1, 2021 
 Loss on currency translation 0 0 
 Issuance of common stock in public offering, net of issuance costs 549,090 
 Net income 0 0 
 Balance at June 30, 2022 
 Gain on currency translation - - 
 Stock-based compensation - - 
 Net income - - 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-5

Table of Contents 

THE MARYGOLD COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended 

June 30, 

2023 

2022 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Bad debt expense 

Impairment of inventory value and provision 

Deferred taxes 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Unrealized loss (gain) on investments 

() 

Gain on disposal of equipment 

() 

Operating lease right-of-use asset - non-cash lease cost 

Decrease (increase) in current assets: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

Accounts receivable - related party 

() 

Prepaid income taxes and tax receivable 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

Other current assets 

() 

() 

(Decrease) increase in operating liabilities: 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and legal settlement 

() 

() 

Operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 

Expense waivers - related party 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Cash paid for acquisition of business, net 

() 

Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 

Payment of purchase consideration payable 

() 

Proceeds from sale of investments 

Purchase of investments 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Repayment of related party loans 

() 

Repayment of property and equipment loans 

() 

() 

Principal payments of finance lease liability 

() 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents 

() 

NET DECREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 

() 

() 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, BEGINNING BALANCE 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, ENDING BALANCE 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in statement of cash flows 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid, net 

NON CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase consideration payable 

Acquisition of operating right-of-use assets through operating lease liability 

Fair value of warrants of common stock issued to underwriters 

Acquisition of equipment through finance lease liability 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-6

Table of Contents 

and , respectively, reserved for doubtful accounts. 
 
 Accounts receivable - related parties, consist of fund asset management fees receivable from the USCF Investments business. Management fees receivable generally consist of one month of management fees which are collected in the month after they are earned. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, there is allowance for doubtful accounts as all amounts are deemed collectible. 

BNO 
 UNG 
 USCI 
 All Others 
 Total 

BNO 
 UNG 
 USCI 
 All Others 
 Total 

The Marygold Companies, through Gourmet Foods, has two major customer groups comprising gross revenues: 1 baking, and 2 printing. While these major groups are comprised of different customers and supply chains, we consider the consolidation of Gourmet Foods with Printstock to be within the food industry as Printstock only supplies the food industry manufacturers, some of which are competitors to Gourmet Foods, and the inclusion of Printstock to the Gourmet Foods operations does not extend its presence beyond the food industry. Therefore, for the purpose of segment reporting (Note 16 ), both revenue streams are considered part of the same "food industry" segment. 

Baking: Within the baking sector there are three major customer groups; 1 grocery, 2 gasoline convenience stores, and 3 independent retailers. The grocery industry is dominated by several large chain operations, which are customers of Gourmet Foods, and there are no long term guarantees that these major customers will continue to purchase products from Gourmet Foods, however, many of the existing relationships have been in place for sufficient time to give management reasonable confidence in their continuing business. For the year ended June 30, 2023, Gourmet Foods largest customer in the grocery and food industry, who operates through a number of independently branded stores, accounted for approximately of baking sales revenues as compared to for the year ended June 30, 2022. This customer accounted for of the baking accounts receivable at June 30, 2023 as compared to as of June 30, 2022. The second largest customer in the grocery and food industry did not account for significant sales during the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. However, this customer did account for and of baking accounts receivable as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 In the gasoline convenience store market customer group, Gourmet Foods supplies two major channels. The largest is a marketing consortium of gasoline dealers operating under the same brand who, for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 accounted for approximately and , respectively, of baking gross sales revenues. No single member of the consortium is responsible for a significant portion of Gourmet Foods baking accounts receivable, however as a group they collectively accounted for and of baking accounts receivable as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. A second consortium of gasoline convenience stores accounted for and of baking accounts receivable as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. No single member of this consortium was a significant contributor to Gourmet Foods' sales revenues, but as a group they contributed and of the baking sales revenues for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 
 
 The third major customer group is independent retailers and cafes, which accounted for the balance of baking gross sales revenue, however no single customer in this group was a significant contributor of baking sales revenues or baking accounts receivable as of and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Printing: The printing sector of Gourmet Foods' gross revenues is comprised of many customers, some large and some small, with the largest customer accounting for of the printing sector revenues and of the printing sector accounts receivable as of and for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to of printing sector revenues and of printing sector accounts receivable as of and for the year ended June 30, 2022. The second largest customer accounted for of printing sector revenues and of printing sector accounts receivable as of June 30, 2023. There were no sales to this customer for the year ended June 30, 2022. No other customers comprised a significant contribution to printing sector sales revenues or accounts receivable as of and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Consolidated: With respect to Gourmet Foods consolidated risk, the largest customers accounted for , and as compared to , and of Gourmet Foods' consolidated gross revenues for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. These same customers accounted for , and , respectively, with one additional customer accounting for of the consolidated accounts receivable of Gourmet Foods as of June 30, 2023 as compared to , , and , respectively, as of June 30, 2022. 
 
 The Marygold Companies, through Brigadier, is partially dependent upon its contractual relationship with the alarm monitoring company that provides monitoring services to Brigadier s customers. In the event this contract is terminated, Brigadier would be compelled to find an alternate source of alarm monitoring, or establish such a facility itself. Management believes that the contractual relationship is sustainable, and has been for many years, with alternate solutions available should the need arise. Sales to the largest customer, which includes contracts and recurring monthly support fees, totaled and of the total Brigadier revenues for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. The same customer accounted for approximately of Brigadier's accounts receivable as of the balance sheet date of June 30, 2023 as compared to as of June 30, 2022. No other customers were significant contributors to Brigadier sales revenues for the year ended June 30, 2023, however another customer accounted for of total Brigadier accounts receivable as of June 30, 2023 and as of June 30, 2022. 
 
 Brigadier purchases alarm panels, digital and analog cameras, mounting hardware and accessory items needed to complete security installations from a variety of sources. The manufacture of electronic items such as those sought by Brigadier has expanded to a global scale thus providing Brigadier with a broad choice of suppliers. Brigadier bases its vendor selection on several criteria including: price, availability, shipping costs, quality, suitability for purpose and the technical support of the manufacturer. Brigadier is not reliant on any one supplier. 
 
 The Marygold Companies, through Original Sprout, sells its products through 3 channels to market: 1 direct sales to end users via online shopping carts, 2 sales through international wholesale distributors who, in turn, sell to other retailers or wholesalers, and 3 to retail stores selling to end users either from the shelf or online. 
 
 Original Sprout has thousands of customers and, from time to time, certain of them become significant during specific reporting periods, but may not be significant during other periods. Due to the increase in online sales channels and the discontinuation of most domestic distribution agreements, Original Sprout had no single customer who accounted for 10 or greater of total revenues for the year ended June 30, 2023 as compared to customer who accounted for of total revenues for the year ended June 30, 2022. There were customers who accounted for , and of total accounts receivable at June 30, 2023. These same customers accounted for and , respectively, at June 30, 2022 with two other customers accounting for and of accounts receivable at June 30, 2022 while being insignificant at June 30, 2023. 

The Marygold Companies, through Original Sprout, is dependent upon its relationship with a product packaging company who, at the direction of Original Sprout, produces the products in accordance with proprietary formulas, packages them in appropriate containers, and delivers the finished goods to Original Sprout for distribution to its customers. All of Original Sprout s products are currently produced by this packaging company, although if this relationship were to fail there are other similar packaging companies available to Original Sprout at competitive pricing. Because of the nature of the Original Sprout product ingredients, some of the ingredients may, at times, be difficult to source in timely fashion or at the expected price point. To safeguard against this possibility Original Sprout endeavors to maintain at least a 90 -day supply of all products in stock. Estimating and maintaining a reserve stock account is not a guarantee that a shortage of ingredient supplies will not affect production such that Original Sprout will not exhaust its reserves or be unable to fulfill customer orders. 
 
 The Marygold Companies, through Marygold UK and its wholly owned subsidiary, Tiger Financial and Asset Management ("Tiger"), identifies its concentration of risk as the reliance on a relatively small number of clients to continue their relationship with Tiger as their investment advisor. Tiger acts as an investment advisor and financial planner to its clients and has two principal revenue streams which comprise ongoing fees for providing investment advice, and commissions for the intermediation of insurance-based products. Approximately of revenues are derived from fees earned from ongoing (recurring) investment advice as compared to derived from ongoing (recurring) commissions received for intermediating insurance-based products. Tiger does not provide investment management services directly, rather the clients assets are referred to third party investment managers, primarily discretionary investment managers, and Tiger receives fees for the ongoing advice and financial planning services which are charged as a percentage of the assets under management. Should the relationship with the current investment manager come to an end, management is confident that a similar arrangement can be easily made with alternative investment managers. Tiger advises approximately 50 families/clients who collectively account for approximately million in assets under management as of June 30, 2023. Many of these clients have been awarded settlements relating to personal injuries and therefore the underlying advice is often over long-time horizons. One client accounted for of the total revenue and assets under management for Tiger for the year ended June 30, 2023. Marygold UK is seeking to further diversify its client base through ongoing outreach initiatives and, in the long term, add to its revenue streams through the development of the Marygold fintech app. 
 
 and , respectively. 

Plant and equipment: to 
 Furniture and office equipment to 
 Vehicles to 

impairment recorded for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 impairment recorded for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

impairment recorded for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

and , or approximately and , respectively, of the total security system revenues. These revenues for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 accounted for approximately of total consolidated revenues. None of the other subsidiaries of the Company generate revenues from long-term contracts. 

Because the Company has no contract with the end user, and the monthly payments for customer support services are made to the Company by the monitoring company who has a contract with the end user, and end user customers are subject to cancellation through no control of the Company; therefore, no deferred revenues or contingent liability reserves have been established with respect to these contracts. The services are deemed delivered as the obligation is acknowledged on a monthly basis. 

million and million, respectively. 

common stock equivalents which were anti-dilutive. During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company did not have any options or warrants or other dilutive financial instruments. As such, basic and diluted earnings per share were the same. 
 
 Basic and diluted net income per share reflects the effects of shares actually potentially issuable upon conversion of convertible preferred stock. 
 
 The components of basic and diluted earnings per share were as follows: 

Net income available to preferred shareholders 
 Basic income per share 
 
 Diluted income per share: 
 Net income available to common shareholders, basic 
 Impact of dilutive securities 
 Net income available to common shareholders, diluted 
 Net income available to preferred shareholders 
 Diluted income per share 

Net income available to preferred shareholders 
 Basic and diluted income per share 

Supplies and packing materials 
 Finished goods 
 Total inventories 

Furniture and office equipment 
 Land and building 
 Vehicles 
 Solar energy system 
 Total property, plant and equipment, gross 
 Accumulated depreciation 
 Total property, plant and equipment, net 

For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, depreciation expense for property, plant and equipment totaled and respectively. 

Brand name 
 Domain name 
 Recipes 
 Non-compete agreement 
 Internally developed software 
 Total 
 Less : accumulated amortization 
 Net intangibles 

CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP 
 
 On August 11, 2015, the Company acquired Gourmet Foods. The fair value on the acquired customer relationships was estimated to be and is amortized over the remaining useful life of years. On June 2, 2016, the Company acquired Brigadier Security Systems. The fair value on the acquired customer relationships was estimated to be and is amortized over the remaining useful life of years. On December 18, 2017 the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Kahnalytics, Inc., acquired the assets of Original Sprout LLC. The fair value of the acquired customer relationships was determined to be and is amortized over the remaining useful life of years. On July 1, 2020, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Gourmet Foods, acquired Printstock Products Limited. The fair value of the acquired customer relationships was estimated to be and is amortized over a useful life of years. On June 20, 2022 our wholly-owned subsidiary, Marygold UK, acquired Tiger Financial and Asset Management Limited. The fair value of the acquired customer relationships was estimated to be and is amortized over a useful life of years. 

Less: accumulated amortization 
 Total customer relationships, net 

BRAND NAME 
 
 On August 11, 2015, the Company acquired Gourmet Foods. The fair value on the acquired brand name was estimated to be and is amortized over the remaining useful life of years. On June 2, 2016, the Company acquired Brigadier Security Systems. The fair value on the acquired brand name was estimated to be and is amortized over the remaining useful life of years. On December 18, 2017 the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Kahnalytics, Inc., acquired the assets of Original Sprout LLC. The fair value of the acquired brand name was determined to be and is considered to have an indefinite life. That brand name will continue to be associated with the product offering unless and until such time in the future as the Company may elect to discontinue the use of the brand and move towards establishment of an alternative product offering. On July 1, 2020, our wholly-owned subsidiary, Gourmet Foods, acquired Printstock Products Limited. The fair value of the brand name was determined to be and, like that of Original Sprout, would continue to stay in use for an indefinite period of time. Therefore, the Company will test for impairment of the brand names "Original Sprout" and "Printstock" at each reporting interval with no amortization recognized. On June 20, 2022 our wholly-owned subsidiary, Marygold UK, acquired Tiger Financial and Asset Management Limited. The fair value of the acquired trade name, , together with is regulatory business certification, , totaled and, like those of Printstock and Original Sprout, would continue to stay in use for an indefinite period of time. Therefore, the Company will test for impairment at each reporting interval with no amortization recognized. 

Less: accumulated amortization 
 Total brand name, net 

DOMAIN NAME 
 
 On August 11, 2015, the Company acquired Gourmet Foods, Ltd. The fair value on the acquired domain name was estimated to be and is amortized over the remaining useful life of years. On June 2, 2016, the Company acquired Brigadier Security Systems. The fair value on the acquired domain name was estimated to be and is amortized over the remaining useful life of years. As of June 30, 2023 the fair value of the acquired domain names have been fully amortized. 

Less: accumulated amortization 
 Total domain name, net 

RECIPES AND FORMULAS 
 
 On August 11, 2015, the Company acquired Gourmet Foods. The fair value on the recipes was estimated to be and is amortized over the remaining useful life of years. On December 18, 2017 the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Kahnalytics, Inc., acquired the assets of Original Sprout LLC. The fair value of the acquired recipes and formulas was determined to be and is amortized over the remaining useful life of years. 

Less: accumulated amortization 
 Total recipes and formulas, net 

NON-COMPETE AGREEMENT 
 
 On June 2, 2016, the Company acquired Brigadier Security Systems. The fair value on the acquired non-compete agreement was estimated to be and is amortized over the remaining useful life of years. On December 18, 2017 the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Kahnalytics, Inc., acquired the assets of Original Sprout LLC. The fair value of the acquired non-compete agreement was determined to be and is amortized over the remaining useful life of years. As of June 30, 2023 the fair value of the non-compete agreements have been fully amortized. 

Less: accumulated amortization 
 Total non-compete agreement, net 

INTERNALLY DEVELOPED SOFTWARE 
 
 During the first quarter of 2020, Marygold began incurring expenses in connection with the internal development of software applications that are planned for eventual integration to its consumer Fintech offering. Certain of these expenses, totaling as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, have been capitalized as intangible assets. Once development has been completed and the product is commercially viable, these capitalized costs will be amortized over their useful lives. As of June 30, 2023, amortization expense has been recorded for these intangible assets. 
 
 AMORTIZATION EXPENSE 
 
 The total amortization expense for intangible assets for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 was and , respectively. 
 
 Estimated amortization expenses of intangible assets for the next five years ending June 30, are as follows: 

2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 Thereafter 
 Total 

as of June 30, 2023 and as of June 30, 2022 are comprised of various components as listed below. 

Other current assets 
 Total 

Investments 
 
 USCF Investments, from time to time, provides initial seed capital in connection with the creation of ETPs or ETFs that are managed by USCF or USCF Advisers. USCF Investments classifies these investments as current assets as these investments are generally sold within one year of the balance sheet date. Investments in which no controlling financial interest or significant influence exists are recorded at fair value with the change included in earnings on the Consolidated Statements of Income. Investments in which no controlling financial interest exists, but significant influence exists are recorded per the equity method of investment accounting unless the fair value option is elected under Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 825, Fair Value Option. As of June 30, 2023 and June 30 2022, the Company owned million and million, respectively, of the USCF Gold Strategy Plus Income Fund ("GLDX"), million of the USCF Sustainable Battery Metals Strategy Fund ("ZSB") as of June 30, 2023, launched in January 2023 and million of the USCF Energy Commodity Strategy Absolute Return Fund ("USE") as of June 30, 2023, launched in May 2023. These three funds are related parties managed by USCF Advisers, which are included in other equities in the below table. The Company elected the fair value option related to this investment as the shares were purchased and will be sold on the market and this accounting treatment is deemed to be most informative. In addition to the holdings in GLDX, ZSB and USE, the Company also invests in marketable securities. The Company recognized unrealized (losses) gains of thousand and thousand for years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022, the aggregate of such investments were approximately million and million, respectively. 
 
 All of the Company's short-term investments are classified as Level 1 assets as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. Investments measured at estimated fair value consist of the following as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022: 

Other short-term investments 
 Short-term treasury bills 
 Other equities - related parties 
 Total short-term investments 

Other short term investments 
 Short-term treasury bills 
 Other equities - related parties 
 Total short-term investments 

During the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2. 
 
 Restricted Cash 
 
 At June 30, 2023 and 2022, Gourmet Foods had on deposit approximately NZ 20,000 (approximately US 12,209 and US 12,486, respectively after currency translation) securing a lease bond for one of its properties. The cash securing the bond is restricted from access or withdrawal so long as the bond remains in place. 
 
 At June 30, 2023, Marygold UK had on deposit 327,694 (approximately US 413,560 securing a deferred purchase price payment due on December 31, 2023 to the seller of Tiger. At June 30, 2022 the amount on deposit was 823,768 (approximately US 1,000,793 translated as of June 30, 2022). The cash deposit is restricted by covenant from access or withdrawal prior to payment of the remaining deferred purchase price. 
 
 Long - Term Assets 
 
 Other long-term assets totaling at June 30, 2023 and at June 30, 2022, were attributed to USCF Investments and Original Sprout and consisted of 
 (i) as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 representing equity investment in a registered investment adviser accounted for on a cost basis, minus impairment, which we believe approximates fair value, given the lack of observable price changes in orderly transactions. There was impairment recorded for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022; 
 (ii) and as of June 30, 2023 and at June 30, 2022 representing deposits and prepayments of rent. 

. 
 
 Goodwill is comprised of the following amounts: 

Goodwill Gourmet Foods 
 Goodwill Brigadier 
 Goodwill - Marygold Co. (UK) 
 Total 

1 Refer to Note 13, Business Combinations , regarding increase in goodwill during the years ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 The Company tests for goodwill impairment at each reporting unit. There was goodwill impairment for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. 

Taxes payable 
 Accrued payroll, vacation and bonus payable 
 Accrued operating expenses 
 Total 

in principal plus in accrued interest were repaid to two shareholders as of June 30, 2022, and the Company currently has no notes payable outstanding to related parties. Interest expense for all related party notes for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. Total accrued interest due related parties was as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 USCF Investments - Related Party Transactions 
 
 The Funds managed by USCF and USCF Advisers are deemed by management to be related parties. The Company s USCF Investments revenues, totaling million and million for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, were earned from these related parties. Accounts receivable, totaling million and million as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, were owed from the Funds that are related parties. Fund expense waivers, totaling million and million and fund expense limitation amounts, totaling million, for each of the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, were incurred on behalf of these related parties. Waivers payable, totaling million and million as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively, were owed to these related parties. Fund expense waivers and fund expense limitation obligations are defined under Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. USCF Investments, from time to time, provides initial investments in the creation of ETP and ETF funds that USCF manages. Such investments included GLDX, ZSB and USE, related party funds managed by USCF Advisers, and as of June 30, 2023 the investments totaled million, million and million, respectively. As of June 30, 2022 the investments totaled million, 0 and , respectively. The Company owns approximately and 40 of the outstanding shares of these investments as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022, respectively. 

shares (the Shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ). The Offering was made pursuant to the Company s registration statement on Form S- 1 (File No. 333 - 261522 ), previously filed with Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) and subsequently declared effective by the SEC on March 9, 2022. 
 
 Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the public offering price was per Share (the "Offering Price"), and the Underwriter purchased the Shares at a discount to the public Offering Price. The Company granted the Underwriter the option to purchase, within days from the date of the Underwriting Agreement, an additional shares of Common Stock at the same price per share as the Shares (the Over-Allotment Option ), which the Underwriter exercised in full on March 11, 2022. Maxim Group LLC acted as sole book-running manager for the Offering. 
 
 The Underwriting Agreement includes customary representations, warranties and agreements by the Company, customary conditions to closing, indemnification obligations of the Company and the Underwriter, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, other obligations of the parties and termination provisions. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the Underwriting Agreement and related lock-up agreements, the Company, each director and executive officer of the Company and certain significant stockholders of the Company have agreed not to sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of securities of the Company, without the prior written consent of the Underwriter, for a 180 -day period, subject to certain limitations therein. 
 
 In exchange for the Underwriter's services, the Company agreed to (i) sell the Common Stock to the Underwriter at a purchase price of per share of Common Stock, reflecting the underwriting discount of , and (ii) issue the Underwriter (or its designees) the Warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock equal to of the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock sold in the Offering, along with associated registration rights (the "Underwriter's Warrants"). 

On March 14, 2022, the Offering closed resulting in the Company selling a total of shares of common stock, including shares sold pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriter's over-allotment option. Gross proceeds from the offering were approximately before underwriting discounts and other estimated offering expenses which totaled and , respectively. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds as described in our final prospectus filed with the SEC on March 9, 2022 pursuant to Rule 424 (b)( 4 ). 
 
 Warrants to Purchase Common Stock 
 
 On March 14, 2022, pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement, the Company issued the Underwriter's Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of Common Stock as compensation for their services related to this issuance. The Underwriter's Warrants may be exercised beginning on September 14, 2022, until March 14, 2027. The initial exercise price of each Warrant is per share, which represents of the Offering Price. The total fair value of the warrants granted to the Underwriter was . The Company estimated the fair value of the warrants using the Black-Scholes option pricing model using the following assumptions: Risk-free interest rate of , expected life of years, dividend yield of and volatility of . As the warrant issuance was for services rendered related to an equity issuance, no expense was recognized for the year ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 related to the issuance. 
 
 Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 The Company has shares authorized to issue as Preferred Stock. The Preferred Stock is designated into two series, designated as Series A, and designated as Series B. As of June 30, 2023 there are issued or outstanding shares of Series A stock. 
 
 Each issued Series B Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of common stock and carries a vote of 20 shares of common stock in all matters brought before the shareholders for a vote. On January 15, 2021, the Company converted shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to shares of common stock per the request of the shareholder and pursuant to the stock designation. There are shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. 
 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 
 In August 2021, the Company adopted the 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan ("the Equity Plan") which provides for the grant of stock-based awards, including stock options, restricted stock awards ("RSA") and restricted stock units ("RSU"), to employees and non-employees. A total of shares of common stock are authorized for issuance under the Plan, of which are available for future grants as of June 30, 2023. 
 
 The fair value of stock options are estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and recognized as compensation on a straight-line basis between the date of grant and the date the options become fully vested. During the year ended June 30, 2023 the Company granted stock options with a weighted average grant date fair value of per share. stock options were granted during the year ended June 30, 2022. Stock options issued have terms of ten years. The fair value of the options granted were estimated using the following assumptions: 
 
 - 
 Expected term 6.6 years 
 Risk-Free interest rate - 
 Weighted-average fair value per share of grants 
 Expected dividend yield 

The following table summarizes the stock option activities for the Company's Equity Plan for year June 30, 2023. 

Granted 
 Exercised 
 Forfeited 
 Outstanding and expected to vest as of June 30, 2023 
 Exercisable as of June 30, 2023 

The fair value of these options, calculated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, was determined to be using the assumptions note above. The estimated aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercisable as of June 30, 2023 was . Stock-based compensation relating to stock options totaled and for the years ending June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and are included in the consolidated statements of income. As of June 30, 2023, there was a total of of unrecognized compensation expense related to outstanding stock options that will be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of years. 
 
 The following table summarizes the restricted stock activities for the Company's Equity Plan for year June 30, 2023. 

Granted 
 Vested 
 Forfeited 
 Nonvested as of June 30, 2023 
 Expected to vest 

The fair value of RSA's is recognized as compensation on a straight-line basis between the date of grant and the date the RSA's become fully vested. The fair value of RSA's is estimated on the grant date based on the closing quoted market price of the Company's stock and generally vest over a period of a year period following issuance date, subject to continued service. 
 
 During year ended June 30, 2023, the Company granted RSA's with a weighted average grant date fair value of per share and a total fair value at date of grant of . No RSA's were granted in the year ended June 30, 2022. The intrinsic value of the RSA's was as of June 30, 2023. Stock-based compensation relating to RSA's totaled and for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and are included in the consolidated statements of income. As of June 30, 2023, there was of unrecognized compensation expense related to outstanding RSA's that will be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of years. Holders of RSA's generally have the rights and privileges of a stockholder with respect to the shares of common stock granted to the holder, including the right to vote such shares and the right to receive dividends with respect to such shares. However, all cash and stock dividends and distributions shall be held back by the Company for the holder's account until such time as the related portion of the restricted stock award vests (at which time such dividends or distributions, as applicable, shall be released and paid). The Company does not consider the shares of common stock associated with the RSA's to be issued and outstanding until vesting occurs. 

The aggregate expected stock-based compensation remaining to be recognized as of June 30, 2023 was as follows: 
 
 Fiscal 2025 
 Fiscal 2026 
 Fiscal 2027 
 Fiscal 2028 
 Total stock-based compensation 

The aggregate expected stock-based compensation expense remaining to be recognized reflects only awards as of June 30, 2023 and assumes no forfeiture activity and will be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 There were shares issued for vendor services during the years ending June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. 

provision for any upward adjustments. As a result, management was able to complete its preliminary purchase price allocation as follows, under the assumption no downward adjustment will take place on December 31, 2023. Included in the allocation are estimated income tax liabilities of approximately US 86,277 pertaining to the operations prior to acquisition, and US 113,833 of deferred income tax liabilities associated with the value of the acquired intangible assets. Tiger will be operated as a subsidiary of Marygold UK and is expected to be initially cash flow neutral. In addition to growing the business through increasing assets under management, Marygold UK intends to project the fintech mobile app services to be offered by Marygold in the U.S. into the U.K. through the established contacts and certifications held by Tiger. As of June 30, 2023, 500,000 US 604,990 remains unpaid and due on December 31, 2023, subject to adjustment. The foregoing amounts have been translated to US currency as of the acquisition date. 

Prepayments/deposits 
 Plant, property and equipment 
 Intangible assets 
 Goodwill 
 Tax liability 
 Deferred tax liability 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Total Purchase Price 

Supplemental Pro Forma Information (Unaudited) 
 
 The following unaudited supplemental pro forma information for the year ended June 30, 2023, assumes the acquisition of Tiger had occurred as of July 1, 2021, giving effect on a pro forma basis to purchase accounting adjustments such as depreciation of property and equipment, amortization of intangible assets, and acquisition related costs. The pro forma data is for informational purposes only and may not necessarily reflect the actual results of operations had Tiger been operated as part of the Company since July 1, 2021. Furthermore, the pro forma results do not intend to predict the future results of operations of the Company. 

Net income 
 Basic and diluted earnings per share 

Foreign 
 Income before income taxes 

Income Tax Provision 
 
 Provision for income tax as listed on the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 are and , respectively. 
 
 Provision for taxes consisted of the following: 

Foreign operations 
 Total 

Provisions for income tax consisted of the following as of the years ended: 

States 
 Foreign 
 Total current 
 Deferred: 
 Federal 
 States 
 Foreign 
 Total deferred 
 Total 

Tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant portions of the Company s deferred tax assets for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 are presented below: 

Net operating loss 
 Capital loss carryover 
 Accruals, reserves and other - U.S. 
 Leasing assets 
 Leasing liabilities 
 Gross deferred tax assets 
 Less valuation allowance 
 Total deferred tax assets - U.S. 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 
 Intangible assets - foreign 
 Accruals, reserves and other - foreign 
 Total deferred tax liabilities - foreign 
 Total net deferred tax assets 

The Company s accounting for deferred taxes involves the evaluation of a number of factors concerning the realizability of the Company s net deferred tax assets. The Company primarily considered such factors as the Company s history of operating losses; the nature of the Company s deferred tax assets and the timing, likelihood and amount, if any, of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences and carryforwards become deductible. At present, the Company does believe that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. The valuation allowance was unchanged during the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 
 On March 27, 2020 the U.S. enacted the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act). The Company has evaluated the provisions of the CARES Act and determined that it did not result in a significant impact on the Company s tax provision. 
 
 Income tax expense for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 differed from the amounts computed by applying the statutory federal income tax rate of to pretax income as a result of the following: 

State income taxes 
 Permanent differences 
 Foreign tax credit 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 Foreign rate differential 
 Total tax expense 

State income taxes 
 Permanent differences 
 Foreign rate differential 
 Foreign tax credit 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 Total tax expense 

Substantially all of the permanent differences in during the year ended June 30, 2023 related to the legal settlement being permanently nondeductible for income taxes. 

Tax positions are evaluated in a two -step process. The Company first determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination. If a tax position meets the more-likely-than- not recognition threshold it is then measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. The tax position is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The aggregate changes in the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits, which includes interest and penalties, for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 are as follows: 

Additions based on tax positions taken during a prior period 
 Reductions based on tax positions taken during a prior period 
 Additions based on tax positions taken during the current period 
 Reductions based on tax positions taken during the current period 
 
 Reductions related to settlement of tax matters 
 Reductions related to a lapse of applicable statute of limitations 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 

The Company files income tax returns in the United States, and various state and foreign jurisdictions. The federal, state and foreign income tax returns are subject to tax examinations for the tax years through 2022 as of year ended June 30, 2023. To the extent the Company has tax attribute carry forwards, the tax years in which the attribute was generated may still be adjusted upon examination by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, state or foreign tax authorities to the extent utilized in a future period. There were no ongoing examinations by taxing authorities as of June 30, 2023. 
 
 The Company had million of unrecognized tax benefits as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 that if recognized would affect the effective tax rate. The Company does not anticipate a significant change to its unrecognized tax benefits in the year ended June 30, 2023. 
 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. As of June 30, 2023, and 2022, the Company accrued and recognized as a liability and , respectively, of interest and related penalties to uncertain tax positions. 

The Company leases various facilities and offices throughout the world including the following subsidiary locations: 
 
 Gourmet Foods has operating leases for its office, factory and warehouse facilities located in Tauranga, New Zealand, and facilities leased by its subsidiary, Printstock, in Napier, New Zealand, as well as for certain equipment including printers and copiers. These leases are generally for three -year terms, with some options to renew for an additional term. The leases mature between October 2022 and October 2026, and require monthly rental payments of approximately (GST not included) translated to U.S. currency as of June 30, 2023. Additionally, Gourmet Foods has one finance lease for its solar energy system that ends in December 2031 at the monthly rate (GST not included) of approximately US 1,610 translated as of June 30, 2023. Brigadier leases office and storage facilities in Regina, Saskatchewan. The minimum lease obligations for the Regina facility require monthly payments of approximately US 2,489 translated to U.S. currency as of June 30, 2023. Original Sprout currently leases office and warehouse space in San Clemente, CA with -year facility lease expiring on November 30, 2023. Minimum monthly lease payments of approximately commenced December 1, 2021 with annual increases. USCF Investments leases office space in Walnut Creek, California under an operating lease which expires in December 2023. Minimum monthly lease payments are approximately with increases annually. 
 
 For years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the combined lease costs, including insignificant variable and short-term lease costs, of the Company and its subsidiaries totaled and , respectively, and recorded under general and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. As of June 30, 2023 the Consolidated Balance Sheets included operating lease right-of-use assets totaling , recorded net of in deferred rent, and in total operating lease liabilities. 
 
 Future minimum consolidated lease payments for The Marygold Companies and its subsidiaries are as follows: 

2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 Thereafter 
 Total minimum lease payments 
 Less: present value discount 
 Total operating lease liabilities 

The weighted average remaining lease term for the Company's operating leases was years as of June 30, 2023 and a weighted-average discount rate of was used to determine the total operating lease liabilities. The remaining lease term for the Company's finance lease was years as of June 30, 2023 with an annual interest rate of and a present value discount of . 
 
 Additionally, Gourmet Foods entered into a General Security Agreement in favor of the Gerald O'Leary Family Trust and registered on the Personal Property Securities Register for a priority sum of NZ 110,000 (approximately US 67,152 to secure the lease of its primary facility. In addition, a NZ 20,000 (approximately US 12,209 bond has been posted through ANZ Bank and secured with a cash deposit of equal amount to secure a separate facilities lease. The General Security Agreement and the cash deposit will remain until such time as the respective leases are satisfactorily terminated in accordance with their terms. Interest from the cash deposit securing the lease accumulates to the benefit of Gourmet Foods and is listed as a component of interest income/expense on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 Other Agreements and Commitments 
 
 USCF manages four Funds (BNO, CPER, UGA, UNL) which had expense waiver provisions during the prior fiscal year, whereby USCF reimbursed funds when fund expenditure levels exceed certain threshold amounts. Effective May 1, 2021 USCF discontinued expense waiver reimbursements for BNO, CPER and UGA with only UNL continuing. As of June 30, 2023 and 2022 the expense waiver payable was million and million, respectively. USCF has no obligation to continue such payments for UNL into subsequent periods. 
 
 As Marygold builds out its application, it enters into agreements with various service providers. As of June 30, 2023, Marygold has future payment commitments with its primary service vendors totaling million including approximately million due in fiscal 2024 and million due in fiscal 2025. 

Litigation 
 
 From time to time, the Company and its subsidiaries may be involved in legal proceedings arising primarily from the ordinary course of their respective businesses. Except as described below, there are no pending legal proceedings against the Company. USCF is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. USCF, as the general partner of the United States Oil Fund, LP ("USO") and the general partner and sponsor of the related public funds may, from time to time, be involved in litigation arising out of its operations in the ordinary course of business. Except as described herein, USO and USCF are not currently party to any material legal proceedings. 
 
 Settlement of SEC and CFTC Investigations 
 
 On November 8, 2021, USCF and USO announced a resolution with each of the SEC and the CFTC relating to matters set forth in certain Wells Notices issued by the staffs of each of the SEC and CFTC as more fully described below. 
 
 On August 17, 2020, USCF, USO, and John Love received a "Wells Notice" from the staff of the SEC (the "SEC Wells Notice"). The SEC Wells Notice stated that the SEC staff made a preliminary determination to recommend that the SEC file an enforcement action against USCF, USO, and Mr. Love alleging violations of Sections 17 (a)( 1 and 17 (a)( 3 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "1933 Act"), and Section 10 (b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act"), and Rule 10b - 5 thereunder. 
 
 Subsequently, on August 19, 2020, USCF, USO, and Mr. Love received a Wells Notice from the staff of the CFTC (the "CFTC Wells Notice"). The CFTC Wells Notice stated that the CFTC staff made a preliminary determination to recommend that the CFTC file an enforcement action against USCF, USO, and Mr. Love alleging violations of Sections 4o 1 )(A) and (B) and 6 (c)( 1 of the Commodity Exchange Act of 1936, as amended (the "CEA"), 7 U.S.C. 6o 1 )(A) and (B) and 9 1 ( 2018 ), and CFTC Regulations 4.26, 4.41, and 180.1 (a), 17 C.F.R. 4.26, 4.41, 180.1 (a) 2019 ). 
 
 On November 8, 2021, acting pursuant to an offer of settlement submitted by USCF and USO, the SEC issued an order instituting cease-and-desist proceedings, making findings, and imposing a cease-and-desist order pursuant to Section 8A of the 1933 Act, directing USCF and USO to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations of Section 17 (a)( 3 of the 1933 Act, 15 U.S.C. 77q (a)( 3 (the SEC Order). In the SEC Order, the SEC made findings that, from April 24, 2020 to May 21, 2020, USCF and USO violated Section 17 (a)( 3 of 1933 Act, which provides that it is "unlawful for any person in the offer or sale of any securities to engage in any transaction, practice, or course of business which operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit upon the purchaser." USCF and USO consented to entry of the SEC Order without admitting or denying the findings contained therein, except as to jurisdiction. 
 
 Separately, on November 8, 2021, acting pursuant to an offer of settlement submitted by USCF, the CFTC issued an order instituting cease-and-desist proceedings, making findings, and imposing a cease-and-desist order pursuant to Section 6 (c) and (d) of the CEA, directing USCF to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations of Section 4o 1 )(B) of the CEA, 7 U.S.C. 6o 1 )(B), and CFTC Regulation 4.41 (a)( 2 ), 17 C.F.R. 4.41 (a)( 2 (the "CFTC Order"). In the CFTC Order, the CFTC made findings that, from on or about April 22, 2020 to June 12, 2020, USCF violated Section 4o 1 )(B) of the CEA and CFTC Regulation 4.41 (a)( 2 ), which make it unlawful for any commodity pool operator ("CPO") to engage in "any transaction, practice, or course of business which operates as a fraud or deceit upon any client or participant or prospective client or participant" and prohibit a CPO from advertising in a manner which "operates as a fraud or deceit upon any client or participant or prospective client or participant," respectively. USCF consented to entry of the CFTC Order without admitting or denying the findings contained therein, except as to jurisdiction. 
 
 Pursuant to the SEC Order and the CFTC Order, in addition to the command to cease and desist from committing or causing any violations of Section 17 (a)( 3 of the 1933 Act, Section 4o 1 )(B) of the CEA, and CFTC Regulation 4.14 (a)( 2 ), civil monetary penalties totaling two million five hundred thousand dollars 2,500,000 in the aggregate were required to be paid to the SEC and CFTC, of which one million two hundred fifty thousand dollars 1,250,000 was paid by USCF to each of the SEC and the CFTC, respectively, pursuant to the offsets permitted under the orders. 
 
 In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation 
 
 On June 19, 2020, USCF, USO, John P. Love, and Stuart P. Crumbaugh were named as defendants in a putative class action filed by purported shareholder Robert Lucas (the "Lucas Class Action"). The Court thereafter consolidated the Lucas Class Action with two related putative class actions filed on July 31, 2020 and August 13, 2020, and appointed a lead plaintiff. The consolidated class action is pending in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York under the caption In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation, Civil Action No. 1:20 -cv- 04740. 
 
 On November 30, 2020, the lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint (the "Amended Lucas Class Complaint"). The Amended Lucas Class Complaint asserts claims under the 1933 Act, the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b - 5. The Amended Lucas Class Complaint challenges statements in registration statements that became effective on February 25, 2020 and March 23, 2020 as well as subsequent public statements through April 2020 concerning certain extraordinary market conditions and the attendant risks that caused the demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID- 19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The Amended Lucas Class Complaint purports to have been brought by an investor in USO on behalf of a class of similarly-situated shareholders who purchased USO securities between February 25, 2020 and April 28, 2020 and pursuant to the challenged registration statements. The Amended Lucas Class Complaint seeks to certify a class and to award the class compensatory damages at an amount to be determined at trial as well as costs and attorney's fees. The Amended Lucas Class Complaint named as defendants USCF, USO, John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Nicholas D. Gerber, Andrew F Ngim, Robert L. Nguyen, Peter M. Robinson, Gordon L. Ellis, and Malcolm R. Fobes III, as well as the marketing agent, ALPS Distributors, Inc., and the Authorized Participants: ABN Amro, BNP Paribas Securities Corporation, Citadel Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets, Inc., Credit Suisse Securities USA LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Goldman Sachs Company, J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., Merrill Lynch Professional Clearing Corporation, Morgan Stanley Company Inc., Nomura Securities International Inc., RBC Capital Markets LLC, SG Americas Securities LLC, UBS Securities LLC, and Virtu Financial BD LLC. 

The lead plaintiff has filed a notice of voluntary dismissal of its claims against BNP Paribas Securities Corporation, Citadel Securities LLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Suisse Securities USA LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Morgan Stanley Company, Inc., Nomura Securities International, Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, SG Americas Securities LLC, and UBS Securities LLC. 
 
 USCF, USO, and the individual defendants in In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation intend to vigorously contest such claims and have moved for their dismissal. No accrual has been recorded with respect to the above legal matters as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. We are currently unable to predict the timing or outcome of, or reasonably estimate the possible losses or range of, possible losses resulting from these matters. It is reasonably possible that this estimate will change in the near term. An adverse outcome regarding these matters could materially adversely affect the Company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Mehan Action 
 
 On August 10, 2020, purported shareholder Darshan Mehan filed a derivative action on behalf of nominal defendant USO, against defendants USCF, John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Nicholas D. Gerber, Andrew F Ngim, Robert L. Nguyen, Peter M. Robinson, Gordon L. Ellis, and Malcolm R. Fobes, III (the "Mehan Action"). The action is pending in the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Alameda as Case No. RG20070732. 
 
 The Mehan Action alleges that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties to USO and failed to act in good faith in connection with a March 19, 2020 registration statement and offering and disclosures regarding certain extraordinary market conditions that caused demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID- 19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The complaint seeks, on behalf of USO, compensatory damages, restitution, equitable relief, attorney's fees, and costs. All proceedings in the Mehan Action are stayed pending disposition of the motion(s) to dismiss in In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation . 
 
 USCF, USO, and the other defendants intend to vigorously contest such claims. 
 
 In re United States Oil Fund, LP Derivative Litigation 
 
 On August 27, 2020, purported shareholders Michael Cantrell and AML Pharm. Inc. DBA Golden International filed two separate derivative actions on behalf of nominal defendant USO, against defendants USCF, John P. Love, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Andrew F Ngim, Gordon L. Ellis, Malcolm R. Fobes, III, Nicholas D. Gerber, Robert L. Nguyen, and Peter M. Robinson in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York at Civil Action No. 1:20 -cv- 06974 (the "Cantrell Action") and Civil Action No. 1:20 -cv- 06981 (the "AML Action"), respectively. 
 
 The complaints in the Cantrell and AML Actions are nearly identical. They each allege violations of Sections 10 (b), 20 (a) and 21D of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b - 5 thereunder, and common law claims of breach of fiduciary duties, unjust enrichment, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, and waste of corporate assets. These allegations stem from USO's disclosures and defendants' alleged actions in light of the extraordinary market conditions in 2020 that caused demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID- 19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The complaints seek, on behalf of USO, compensatory damages, restitution, equitable relief, attorney's fees, and costs. The plaintiffs in the Cantrell and AML Actions have marked their actions as related to the Lucas Class Action. 

The Court consolidated the Cantrell and AML Actions under the caption In re United States Oil Fund, LP Derivative Litigation, Civil Action No. 1:20 -cv- 06974 and appointed co-lead counsel. All proceedings in In re United States Oil Fund, LP Derivative Litigation are stayed pending disposition of the motion(s) to dismiss in In re: United States Oil Fund, LP Securities Litigation . 
 
 USCF, USO, and the other defendants intend to vigorously contest the claims in In re United States Oil Fund, LP Derivative Litigation . 
 
 Optimum Strategies Action 
 
 On April 6, 2022, USO and USCF were named as defendants in an action filed by Optimum Strategies Fund I, LP, a purported investor in call option contracts on USO (the "Optimum Strategies Action"). The action is pending in the U.S. District Court for the District of Connecticut at Civil Action No. 3:22 -cv- 00511. 
 
 The Optimum Strategies Action asserts claims under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act"), Rule 10b - 5 thereunder, and the Connecticut Uniform Securities Act ("CUSA"). It purports to challenge statements in registration statements that became effective in February 2020, March 2020, and on April 20, 2020, as well as public statements between February 2020 and May 2020, in connection with certain extraordinary market conditions and the attendant risks that caused the demand for oil to fall precipitously, including the COVID- 19 global pandemic and the Saudi Arabia-Russia oil price war. The complaint seeks damages, interest, costs, attorney's fees, and equitable relief. 
 
 On March 15, 2023, the court granted the USO defendants' motion to dismiss the complaint. In its ruling, the court granted the USO defendants' motion to dismiss, with prejudice, the plaintiff's claims under Section 10 (b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b - 5 thereunder, and a claim for control person liability under Section 20 (a) of the Exchange Act. Having dismissed all claims over which the court had original jurisdiction, the court declined to exercise supplemental jurisdiction over the plaintiff's state law claim under CUSA and dismissed the claim without prejudice. No notice of appeal was filed. 
 
 No accrual has been recorded with respect to the above legal matters as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. We are currently unable to predict the timing or outcome of, or reasonably estimate the possible losses or range of, possible losses resulting from these matters. It is reasonably possible that this estimate will change in the near term. An adverse outcome regarding these matters could materially adversely affect the Company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Other Contingencies 
 
 On December 2, 2021, Marygold became aware of certain activity indicative of potential fraud on its Fintech platform, which was still in beta testing stage of development, and associated with the opening of end-customer accounts. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10 -K filing, Marygold estimates that approximately 80 end-customer accounts were opened fraudulently that resulted in approximately being misappropriated. Upon learning of this activity, Marygold removed its app from all App Stores including, Apple and Android, to prevent any fraudulent activity through opening of new accounts created on its platform. Marygold further believes that no personal identifiable information was compromised. Marygold continues to monitor the security measures of its Fintech platform while continuing development. The accrual of approximately was recorded through other income (expense) during the quarter ended December 31, 2021, and was reduced by approximately later in the year ended June 30, 2022 as the total amount of the estimated loss decreased resulting in an actual loss of approximately . 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 
 The Marygold Companies, through its wholly-owned subsidiary USCF, has a 401 (k) Profit Sharing Plan "401K Plan") covering U.S. employees, including Original Sprout and Marygold, who are over years of age and who have completed a minimum of hours of service and have worked for the respective Marygold Companies subsidiary for at least three months. Participants may make contributions pursuant to a salary reduction agreement. In addition, the 401K Plan makes a safe harbor matching contribution. Quarterly profit-sharing contributions paid totaled approximately thousand and thousand for each of the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The following table presents a summary of identifiable assets as of June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022: 

U.S.A. : investment fund management - related party 
 U.S.A. : beauty products 
 New Zealand: food industry 
 Canada: security systems 
 U.K.: financial services (1) 
 Consolidated total 

1 The assets of Marygold UK, identified as located in the U.K.: financial services segment as of June 30, 2023, were combined with those of the parent company as of June 30, 2022 due to its recent acquisition and limited operations. 
 
 The following table presents a summary of operating information for the years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022: 

U.S.A. : beauty products 
 New Zealand : food industry 
 Canada : security systems 
 U.K.: financial services 
 Consolidated total 
 
 Net income (loss): 
 U.S.A. : investment fund management - related party 
 U.S.A. : beauty products 
 New Zealand : food industry 
 Canada : security systems 
 U.K.: financial services 
 Corporate headquarters - including Marygold 
 Consolidated total 

The following table presents a summary of capital expenditures for the year ended June 30,: 

U.S.A.: beauty products 
 New Zealand: food industry 
 Canada: security systems 
 U.K.: financial services 
 U.S.A.: corporate headquarters - including Marygold 
 Consolidated 

The following table represents property, plant and equipment in use at each of the Company's locations as of June 30,: 

U.S.A. : beauty products 
 New Zealand: food industry 
 Canada: security systems 
 U.K.: financial services 
 U.S.A. : corporate headquarters - including Marygold 
 Total all locations 
 Less accumulated depreciation 
 Net property, plant and equipment 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

There were no disagreements or disputes with our independent accountants. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures, as required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15, as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of June 30, 2023 (the end of the period covered by this annual report) and provided reasonable assurances that the information the Company is required to disclose in the reports it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time period required by the Commission's rules and forms. Further, the Company s management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that its disclosure controls and procedures are also effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to its management, including its chief executive officer and chief financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management s report on internal control over financial reporting . Our management recognizes its responsibility for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Currently, the primary responsibility of the registrant is providing oversight control over its subsidiary operations which, in turn, are managed by their respective boards of directors who are appointed by the registrant for each of the subsidiaries. All debit and credit transactions with the company s bank accounts, including those of the subsidiary companies, are reviewed by the officers as well as all communications with the company s creditors. The directors of the subsidiary companies, which include representatives of the Company, meet frequently as often as weekly to discuss and review the financial status of the company and all developments. All filings of reports with the Commission are reviewed before filing by all directors. 
 
 Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorization of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting at the end of its most recent fiscal year, June 30, 2023. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in the 2013 Internal Control-Integrated Framework . Based on its evaluation, management has concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30, 2023. 

29

Table of Contents 

Pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 308(b), this Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control and Financial Reporting 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 which were identified in connection with our management s evaluation required by paragraph (d) of rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

On September 24, 2022, Kelly J. Anderson, age 54, who served as a director of the Company since 2019, submitted her resignation from the Company's Board of Directors and audit committee, effective immediately. Ms. Anderson's resignation was not due to any disagreement with the Company, and the Company is grateful to Ms. Anderson for her many years of service on its Board and wishes her the best in her future endeavors. 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Set forth below are the names, and terms of office of each of our directors, executive officers and significant employees at June 30, 2023, and a description of the business experience of each. 

Person 
 Age 
 Offices 
 Office Held Since 
 Term of Office 

Nicholas D. Gerber 
 60 
 Chief Executive Officer / Chairman and Director 
 2015 
 2023 

David W. Neibert 
 67 
 Chief Operations Officer / Secretary and Director 
 2002 
 2023 

Stuart P. Crumbaugh 
 59 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 2017 
 2023 

Carolyn M. Yu 
 64 
 Chief Legal and Continuity Officer 
 2022 
 2023 

Scott Schoenberger 
 56 
 Director 
 2015 
 2023 

Kathryn D. Rooney 
 51 
 Director 
 2017 
 2023 

James Alexander 
 61 
 Director 
 2023 
 2023 

Kelly J. Anderson 
 55 
 Director 
 2019 
 2022 

Matt Gonzalez 
 58 
 Director 
 2013 
 2023 

Erin Grogan 
 48 
 Director 
 2017 
 2023 

Joya Delgado Harris 
 49 
 Director 
 2017 
 2023 

Derek Mullins 
 49 
 Director 
 2017 
 2023 

On September 24, 2022, Kelly J. Anderson resigned from the Company's Board of Directors and audit committee effectively immediately. 
 On April 17, 2023 the Company accepted the resignation of Kathryn D. Rooney and appointed Stuart P. Crumbaugh and James Alexander to fill vacancies on the Board for the remainder of the term. 
 
 Nicholas D. Gerber: Mr. Gerber is a controlling shareholder of the Company and has served as chief executive officer, president, and chairman of the Board of Directors since January 2015. Since March 2004, Mr. Gerber has served as the president and chair of the Board of Directors of USCF Investments. USCF Investments became a subsidiary of the Company in January 2015. USCF Investments is the parent and sole member of United States Commodity Funds, LLC USCF ), an indirect subsidiary of the Company, and USCF Advisers, LLC, USCF Advisers an affiliate of USCF. Mr. Gerber co-founded USCF in 2005. Mr. Gerber also founded USCF Advisers, an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and, as of February 2017, is registered as a commodity pool operator, NFA member and swap firm. From May 2015 to April 2023, Mr. Gerber served as vice president of USCF and as its president and chief executive officer from June 2005 through May 15, 2015. Mr. Gerber served as a USCF management director from June 2005 to April 2023, and chairman of the Board of Directors from June 2005 through October 2019. Mr. Gerber has served USCF Advisers as chair on the Board of Managers since June 2013 to present, as president from June 2013 through June 18, 2015, and vice president from June 18, 2015, to present. Mr. Gerber has also served as chair of the Board of Trustees of (1) USCF ETF Trust since 2014 and (2) USCF Mutual Funds Trust since October 2016. In addition, Mr. Gerber served as the president and chief executive officer of USCF ETF Trust from June 2014 until December 2015. Since December 2005, Mr. Gerber has been registered as a principal of USCF with the CFTC and NFA since November 2005 and in 2017, he was registered as a principal, associated person, and swap associated person of USCF Advisers. More recently, Mr. Gerber founded Marygold Co. in November 2019 and Marygold Co. (UK), Limited Marygold Co. (UK) in London, England in August 2021, both subsidiaries of the Company. He has served as chief executive officer and chief compliance officer of Marygold Co. since November 2019 and February 2023, respectively, and chairman of its Board of Directors since its inception. Mr. Gerber has served as chairman of the Board of Marygold Co. (UK) since its formation. Mr. Gerber earned a Master of Business Administration degree in finance from the University of San Francisco, a Bachelor of Arts degree from Skidmore College and holds an NFA Series 3 registration. 

30

Table of Contents 

David W. Neibert: Mr. Neibert has served as secretary and director on the Board of Directors since June 2002. Mr. Neibert previously served as chief executive officer of the Company from April 2007 through January 2015, then chief financial officer from February 2015 through October 2017, and from November 2017 to present, Mr. Neibert has served as the chief operations officer. Concurrently with his service and tenure at the Company, Mr. Neibert has continuously served as president of Original Sprout since May 2015 director and chief financial officer of Gourmet Foods Ltd. since August 2015 and its subsidiary, Printstock Products Ltd., since June 2020; Director for Brigadier Security Systems since June 2016, and Director of Marygold Co., a subsidiary of The Marygold Companies since November 2019. Since August 2021, Mr. Neibert has served as secretary of Marygold Co. (UK) Limited in London, England, a subsidiary of the Company. Gourmet Foods Ltd., Printstock Products Ltd., Brigadier Security Systems, Marygold Co. and Marygold Co. (UK) Limited and their respective wholly owned subsidiaries each are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company. As the Company s chief operations officer, Mr. Neibert is responsible for long range planning, growth and ensuring profitable operations of The Marygold Companies subsidiaries including, but not limited to, the selection and retention of their respective management teams, accounting practices and processes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Mr. Neibert is also responsible for the primary due diligence efforts, contract negotiations, and on-boarding of new subsidiary acquisitions for The Marygold Companies. Mr. Neibert attended the University of California Los Angeles from 1973-1978 with a focus on business management and developmental psychology. 
 
 Stuart P. Crumbaugh: Mr. Crumbaugh has served as chief financial officer, treasurer and secretary to the Company since October 2017 and was recently appointed to the Company s Board of Directors on April 17, 2023. Mr. Crumbaugh serves as an officer and director on several Company subsidiary boards. Since December 2016, Mr. Crumbaugh has served as secretary, treasurer and director to USCF Investments, a subsidiary since 2016. USCF Investments is the parent and sole member of United States Commodity Funds, LLC USCF ), an indirect subsidiary of the Company, and USCF Advisers, LLC, USCF Advisers an affiliate of USCF. Mr. Crumbaugh joined USCF as assistant chief financial officer on April 6, 2015. He was promoted to chief financial officer in May 2015. He was recently appointed to the USCF Board of Directors effective April 17, 2023. In June 2015, Mr. Crumbaugh was appointed as treasurer and secretary of USCF Advisers. USCF Advisers manages a series of funds of USCF ETF Trust. USCF Advisers, is an investment adviser registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, and, as of February 2017, is registered as a commodity pool operator, NFA member and swap firm. Mr. Crumbaugh has served as a management trustee, chief financial officer and treasurer of (1) USCF ETF Trust since May 2015 and (2) USCF Mutual Funds Trust since October 2016. Since July 2015, Mr. Crumbaugh has been registered as a principal of USCF with the CFTC and NFA, and as of January 2017, he was registered as a principal of USCF Advisers. More recently, Mr. Crumbaugh was appointed as treasurer and director on the Board of Directors of Marygold Co., and Marygold Co. (UK), both subsidiaries of the Company since November 2019 and August 2021, respectively. Prior to joining USCF, Mr. Crumbaugh was the vice president finance and chief financial officer of Sikka Software Corporation, a software service healthcare company providing optimization software and data solutions from April 2014 to April 6, 2015. Mr. Crumbaugh served as a consultant providing technical accounting, IPO readiness and M A consulting services to various early-stage companies with the Connor Group, a technical accounting consulting firm, for the periods of January 2014 through March 2014; October 2012 through November 2012; and January 2011 through February 2011. Mr. Crumbaugh earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Accounting and Business Administration from Michigan State University in 1987 and is a Certified Public Accountant Michigan (Inactive). 
 
 Carolyn M. Yu: Ms. Yu has served as the chief legal officer and chief continuity officer of the Company since April 2022. The Company is parent to USCF Investments, Inc. USCF Investments ). USCF Investments is the parent and sole member of United States Commodity Funds, LLC USCF ), an indirect subsidiary of the Company, and USCF Advisers, LLC, USCF Advisers an affiliate of USCF. Ms. Yu previously served as chief compliance officer USCF from August 2011 through March 2022 and general counsel from May 2015 through April 2018. Concurrently with her service to USCF, Ms. Yu served as chief compliance officer to USCF Advisers from May 2015 through March 2022 and as chief legal officer from May 2015 through April 2018. USCF and USCF Advisers are commodity pool operators registered with the CFTC and NFA. Ms. Yu earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from San Francisco State University in 1986 and a Juris Doctor degree from Golden Gate University School of Law in 1993. 
 
 Scott Schoenberger: Mr. Schoenberger is a controlling shareholder and has served on the Board of Directors since January 2015. Mr. Schoenberger is the owner and Chief Executive Officer of KAS Engineering, a second-generation plastic injection molding firm based in multiple southern CA locations. He also is the owner and Chief Executive Officer of Nica Products, another manufacturing company based in Orange County, CA. Mr. Schoenberger has over 30 years of business experience in manufacturing and technology. He has been involved with several startups as a consultant and/or angel level investor in such industries as medical, technology, consumer products, electronics, automotive, and securities industries. A California native, he has a Bachelor of Science degree in Environmental Studies from the University of California, Santa Barbara. 
 
 James Alexander: James Alexander was recently appointed as a Director on the Board of Directors in 2023. Mr. Alexander has held executive and senior sales roles within the Capital Markets Division of Money Center and Regional Banks for the last 30 years. He served as Senior Director at Key Banc Capital Markets from 2015-2023 and was responsible for growing the firm s corporate bond credit business as well as expanding its entry into the Structure Product (MBS) Trading sector with new tier one client relationships. Prior to joining Key Banc, James was a Director in the Capital Markets Division at Wells Fargo Securities and a Principal in the Capital Markets Division at Bank of America Securities. James is a respected leader with deep industry knowledge that has enabled him to evaluate and act upon market opportunities and navigate changing economic cycles. James is also a cultural innovator and community leader as he was a co-founder of All Jokes Aside Comedy Club in Chicago which became one of the most influential entertainment destinations in the country devoted to comedians of color. He also dedicates his time to improving the lives of young people through education by serving on the Board of Directors of The Edward G. Irvin Foundation, where he has served as Chairman of the Scholarship Committee for the last twelve years. James graduated with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Marketing from Morehouse College and earned a Master of Business Administration degree in Finance from Northwestern University, Kellogg School of Managemen 
 
 Matt Gonzalez: Mr. Gonzalez has served as a Director on the Board of Directors since 2013. He is an accomplished trial attorney with experience handling both civil and criminal matters in both state and federal courts. Since early 2011 he has served as the Chief Attorney of the San Francisco Public Defender s Office where he oversees an office of over 100 trial lawyers. He previously served as an elected member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors from 2001-2005 and served as the president of the body from 2003-2005. Mr. Gonzalez is a partner at Gonzalez Kim, a California partnership with multiple business holdings in the transportation sector. He is a co-owner of Flywheel Taxi (formerly DeSoto Taxi) in San Francisco. He joined The Marygold Companies as an investor in 2010 before becoming its Director in 2013. Mr. Gonzalez earned his Bachelor of Arts degree from Columbia University and his Juris Doctor from Stanford Law School. 

31

Table of Contents 

Erin Grogan: Ms. Grogan has served as Director of Concierge since 2017. Ms. Grogan serves as the Chief Financial Officer for Webinar.net. Previously, Ms. Grogan served as the Chief Financial Officer for IFTTT Inc, an integration software company focused on iOT and app connectivity. She has led finance for the Association for California School Administrators as well as YouCaring, a fundraising platform for personal and charitable causes, sold to GoFundMe. Prior to joining YouCaring, Ms. Grogan led finance and operations at the University of San Francisco, School of Management, from 2012 until 2016. Ms. Grogan has over 20 years of experience in management and finance, including positions at ON24, Inc., Mooreland Partners, Cadbury Schweppes, Asbury Automotive Group, Banc of America Securities, PricewaterhouseCoopers, and American International Group. Ms. Grogan earned her Bachelor of Arts from Columbia University and a Master of Business Administration in finance from the New York University Leonard N. Stern School of Business. 
 
 Joya Delgado Harris: Ms. Harris has served as Director on the Board of Directors since 2017. She currently serves as the Executive Director, Gold Standard with the CEO Roundtable on Cancer, driving the mission of their Gold Standard program, inclusive of the Health Equity and Going4Gold initiative. Ms. Harris was previously the Director of Research Integration for the American Cancer Society. In that role she provided oversight and management of the integration of products and outcomes stemming from the Office of Cancer Research and Implementation into enterprise-wide mission objectives. Before joining the American Cancer Society, Ms. Harris worked for Y-Me National Breast Cancer Organization from 2008-2011. She has extensive experience in nonprofit management, previously serving as the Executive Director for the Association of Village PRIDE and as the Director of Product Development for the Metropolitan Atlanta Chapter of the American Red Cross. Her background and demonstrated accomplishments in key leadership functions include program development, implementation, and evaluation; curriculum design, grant writing, resource development, community outreach, and developing business partnerships. Ms. Harris also serves as a Consumer Peer Reviewer for the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Programs (CDMRP), administered by the Department of Defense, sitting alongside scientists to review and evaluate innovative breast cancer research grant proposals. Additionally, she is an advocate reviewer for the Cancer Prevention and Research Institute of Texas (CPRIT). Ms. Harris earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Wellesley College and received a Master of Public Health degree with a concentration in public health policy and management from the Rollins School of Public Health of Emory University. 
 
 Derek Mullins: Mr. Mullins has served as Director of since 2017 the Company and currently serves as Co-Founder and Managing Partner of PINE Advisor Solutions. Previously he was the Director of Operations at ArrowMark Colorado Holdings LLC\. Mr. Mullins also served as Director of Operations at Black Creek Capital and Dividend Capital from 2004 to 2009 and as Manager of Fund Administration at ALPS Fund Services from 1996 to 2004. Mr. Mullins brings over 25 years of operations, accounting, finance and compliance experience to the Board. Mr. Mullins earned a Bachelor of Science degree in finance from the University of Colorado, Boulder and a Master of Science degree in finance from the University of Colorado, Denver. 
 
 Executive Employment and Other Agreements 
 
 Stuart Crumbaugh CFO 
 
 On April 18, 2022, the Company and Mr. Crumbaugh entered into an Employment Agreement providing for Mr. Crumbaugh s continued employment as the Company s Chief Financial Officer, effective as of April 1, 2022. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, Mr. Crumbaugh shall receive a base salary of 425,000 per annum and shall be entitled to receive bonuses, including awards and grants, pursuant to the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan which is administered by the Compensation Committee. Further, Mr. Crumbaugh is entitled to other benefits as more fully detailed in his Employment Agreement. In the event that Mr. Crumbaugh s employment with the Company is involuntarily terminated for any reason other than gross misconduct, the Company will pay Mr. Crumbaugh severance compensation equivalent to 6 months' salary payable over the course of the 6 months following the termination date. No severance compensation will be paid to Mr. Crumbaugh if he resigns or is involuntarily terminated for gross misconduct. 

32

Table of Contents 

David Neibert COO 
 
 On April 18, 2022, the Company and Mr. Neibert entered into an Employment Agreement providing for Mr. Neibert s continued employment as the Company s Chief Operating Officer, effective as of April 1, 2022. Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, Mr. Neibert shall receive a base salary of 425,000 per annum and shall be entitled to receive bonuses, including awards and grants, pursuant to the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan which is administered by the Compensation Committee. Further, Mr. Neibert is entitled to other benefits as more fully detailed in his Employment Agreement. In the event that Mr. Neibert s employment with the Company is involuntarily terminated for any reason other than gross misconduct, the Company will pay Mr. Neibert severance compensation equivalent to 6 months' salary payable over the course of the 6 months following the termination date. No severance compensation will be paid to Mr. Neibert if he resigns or is involuntarily terminated for gross misconduct. 
 
 Carolyn Yu CLO and CCO 
 
 On April 18, 2022, the Company and Ms. Yu entered into an employment agreement providing for Ms. Yu s employment as the Company s Chief Legal Officer and Chief Continuity Officer, effective as of April 1, 2022. Ms. Yu has previously held the position of Chief Compliance Officer for the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Wainwright Holdings, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, United States Commodity Funds LLC USCF ). Pursuant to the Employment Agreement, Ms. Yu shall receive a base salary of 425,000 per annum and shall be entitled to receive bonuses, including awards and grants, pursuant to the Company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan which is administered by the Compensation Committee. Further, Ms. Yu is entitled to other benefits as more fully detailed in her Employment Agreement. In the event that Ms. Yu s employment with the Company is involuntarily terminated for any reason other than gross misconduct, the Company will pay Ms. Yu severance compensation equivalent to 6 months' salary payable over the course of the 6 months following the termination date. No severance compensation will be paid to Ms. Yu if she resigns or is involuntarily terminated for gross misconduct. 
 
 John Love - One Time Transaction Bonus Agreement 
 
 The Company and Mr. Love entered into a One Time Transaction Bonus Agreement providing for certain bonus payments to be made to Mr. Love under certain circumstances. Pursuant to the Bonus Agreement, Mr. Love shall be entitled to a bonus payment equal to five percent (5 of the net proceeds received by the Company, USCF, or USCF Advisers, LLC upon an Eligible Event , as defined in the Bonus Agreement. In no event shall the value of such payment, whether in cash or stock, to Mr. Love exceed five million dollars 5,000,000) and further any such payment shall be paid in the same form as payable to the equity holders of the Company, USCF or USCF Advisers and may consist of cash, securities or a combination thereof. 
 
 Controlled Company Status 
 
 We are a controlled company as defined in section 801(a) of the NYSE American Company Guide, and as such, we are exempt from certain NYSE American rules requiring our Board of Directors to have a majority of independent members, a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors and a nominating committee composed entirely of independent directors. 
 
 The Company may elect in the future to use certain of the controlled company exemptions and the Company may continue to use all or some of these exemptions in the future for so long as the Company is a controlled company. Although we may rely on NYSE American s controlled company exemptions in the future, we currently have an independent board, nomination and governance committee and compensation committee. 
 
 Conflicts of Interest . Our officers and directors who are not employees of our operating subsidiaries will not devote more than a portion of their time to our affairs. There will be occasions when the time requirements of The Marygold Companies business conflict with the demands of their other business and investment activities. Such conflicts may require that we attempt to employ additional personnel. There is no assurance that the services of such persons will be available or that they can be obtained upon terms favorable to the company. 
 
 Our officers and directors may be directors or principal shareholders of other companies and, therefore, could face conflicts of interest with respect to potential acquisitions. In addition, our officers and directors may in the future participate in business ventures, which could be deemed to compete directly with The Marygold Companies. Additional conflicts of interest and non-arm's length transactions may also arise in the future in the event our officers or directors are involved in the management of any firm with which we transact business. In addition, if The Marygold Companies and other companies with which our officers and directors are affiliated both desire to take advantage of a potential business opportunity, then our board of directors has agreed that said opportunity should be available to each such company in the order in which such companies registered or became current in the filing of annual reports under the '34 Act. 

33

Table of Contents 

Our officers and directors may actively negotiate or otherwise consent to the purchase of a portion of their common stock as a condition to, or in connection with, a proposed merger or acquisition transaction. It is anticipated that a substantial premium over the initial cost of such shares may be paid by the purchaser in conjunction with any sale of shares by our officers and directors which is made as a condition to, or in connection with, a proposed merger or acquisition transaction. The fact that a substantial premium may be paid to our officers and directors to acquire their shares creates a potential conflict of interest for them in satisfying their fiduciary duties to us and our other shareholders. Even though such a sale could result in a substantial profit to them, they would be legally required to make the decision based upon the best interests of The Marygold Companies and The Marygold Companies other shareholders, rather than their own personal pecuniary benefit. 
 
 No executive officer, director, person nominated to become a director, promoter or control person of The Marygold Companies has been involved in legal proceedings during the last five years such as 

Bankruptcy 

Criminal proceedings (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses), or 

Proceedings permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise limiting his/her involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities. 

Nor has any such person been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, or the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law. 

None of the directors holds any directorships in any company with a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act or subject to the reporting requirements of section 15(d) of such Act or any company registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940 other than the following: Nicholas Gerber, our CEO and member of our Board of Directors, is a director of United Sates Commodity Funds LLC which is the commodity pool operator and general partner or sponsor of 11 commodity based exchange traded products that are registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, and is also a director of USCF ETF Trust, a registered investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, which currently has one exchange traded fund and is advised by USCF Advisers LLC, a registered investment adviser. 
 
 Involvement in certain legal proceedings . During the past five years, none of the directors has been involved in any of the following events other than the items discussed in Item 3, Legal Proceedings: 

A petition under the Federal bankruptcy law or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer at or within two years before the time of such filing; 

Such person was convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

Such person was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

Engaging in any type of business practice; or 

Engaging in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

Such person was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this section, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; or 

Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated. 

Such person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Future Trading Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated. 

Code of Ethics . 
 
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A copy of the Code of Ethics was filed as an exhibit to our Form 10-K Annual Report for the year ended June 30, 2018 and is incorporated by reference herein. See, " ITEM 15 . EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, Exhibit Number 14.1. " We undertake to provide to any person without charge, upon request, a copy of such code of ethics. Such a request may be made by writing to the Company at its address at 120 Calle Iglesia, Unit B, San Clemente, CA 92672. 

34

Table of Contents 

Corporate Governance . 
 
 Security holder recommendations of candidates for the board of directors . Any shareholder may recommend candidates for the board of directors by writing to the president of our company the name or names of candidates, their home and business addresses and telephone numbers, their ages, and their business experience during at least the last five years. The recommendation must be received by the company by March 9 of any year or, alternatively, at least 60 days before any announced shareholder annual meeting. 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 The audit committee assists the Board in fulfilling its responsibility for oversight of the quality and integrity of the accounting, auditing and financial reporting practices of the Company along with the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. The Board also provides oversight of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence. 
 
 Members of the audit committee through November 2023 are, Derek Mullins, Chair, James Alexander and Erin Grogan. Kelly Anderson, CPA (inactive) was a member of the audit committee up until her resignation from the Company on September 24, 2022. 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 
 The compensation committee was established to assist the Board in ensuring that a proper system of long and short-term compensation is in place to provide performance-oriented incentives to Company management and key personnel and that compensation plans and awards are appropriate and competitive which reflect the objectives and performance of the Company. 
 
 Current members of the compensation committee are Matt Gonzalez, Chair, Joya Harris and Scott Schoenberger. 
 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 
 The purpose of the nominating and corporate governance committee is to identify qualified individuals to become Board members, consistent with criteria approved by the Board. The nominating committee is also involved with developing and recommending to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines applicable to the Company and overseeing the evaluation of the Board and management s effectiveness while ensuring the independence of its non-management members. 
 
 Current members of the nominating and corporate governance committee are Joya Harris, Chair and Erin Grogan. 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 
 
 The following table sets forth the compensation paid to our executive officers for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. Unless otherwise specified, the term of each executive officer is that as set forth under that section entitled, Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons -- Term of Office . 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year Ended June 30, 
 Salary ) 
 
 Bonus( 
 
 Stock Awards ) 
 
 OptionAwards ) 
 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 
 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 
 Total ) 

David W. Neibert 
 
 2022 
 
 285,345 
 
 25,000 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 310,345 

Chief Operations Officer(1) 
 
 2023 
 
 425,000 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 425,000 

Nicholas D. Gerber(2) 
 
 2022 
 
 400,000 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 400,000 

Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2023 
 
 400,000 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 400,000 

Stuart P. Crumbaugh (3) 
 
 2022 
 
 335,212 
 
 118,173 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 453,385 

Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2023 
 
 425,000 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 425,000 

Carolyn Yu (4) 
 
 2022 
 
 351,950 
 
 81,900 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 433,850 

Chief Legal Officer 
 
 2023 
 
 425,000 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 Nil 
 
 425,000 

(1) Mr. Neibert's salary was increased to 425,000 per year in April 2022. 
 (2) USCF paid Mr. Gerber a salary of 400,000. 
 (3) Mr. Crumbaugh salary was increased to 425,000 in April 2022. 
 (4) Ms. Yu became the CLO and her salary was increased to 425,000 in April 2022. 
 
 OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT FISCAL YEAR-END 
 
 There were no unexercised stock options, stock that has not vested, or equity incentive plan awards for any named officer outstanding at the end of the last fiscal year. 

35

Table of Contents 

Compensation of Directors 
 
 The following compensation was paid to our directors for their services as directors for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. Only our independent directors receive compensation. Independent directors receive an annual retainer, paid quarterly, plus fees earned through committee participation, paid annually, plus reimbursement for approved Board meeting travel and related out-of-pocket expenses. 
 
 DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

Name 
 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 

Stock Awards 1 ) 

Option Awards ) 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 

Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 

All Other Compensation ) 

Total ) 

David W. Neibert 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Nicholas D. Gerber 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Scott Schoenberger 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Stuart P. Crumbaugh 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Matt Gonzalez 

18,918 

5,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

23,918 

Erin Grogan 

18,918 

5,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

23,918 

Kathryn D. Rooney 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Derek Mullins 

18,918 

5,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

23,918 

James Alexander 

6,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

6,000 

Kelly J. Anderson 

2,500 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

2,500 

Joya Delgado Harris 

18,918 

5,000 

- 

- 

- 

- 

23,918 

(1) Stock awards consist of Restricted Stock Awards ("RSA") granted under the Company's Equity Plan. On March 29, 2023 each independent director was awarded a grant of 2,924 shares with date of grant fair value of 1.71 per share vesting over a 4 year period. 
 On September 24, 2022, Kelly J. Anderson resigned from the Company's Board of Directors and audit committee. 
 On April 17, 2023 Kathryn Rooney resigned from the Company's Board of Directors. 
 On April 17, 2023 James Alexander and Stuart Crumbaugh were appointed to the Company's Board of Directors. 
 
 Stock Options . 
 
 During the last two fiscal years, our officers and directors have received no Stock Options and no stock options are outstanding. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans . 
 
 We have no equity compensation plans. 
 
 Clawback Policy 
 
 In accordance with the NYSE listing standards amendment, the Company has adopted a compensation recoupment policy that provides the Board discretion to recover incentive compensation paid to current and former executives in the event of an accounting restatement triggered by material noncompliance with financial reporting requirements under the securities laws. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth information as of September 27, 2022, with respect to the beneficial ownership (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act) of the Company s common stock by (1) each director of the Company, (2) the named Executive Officers of the Company, (3) each person or group of persons known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of greater than 5 of the Company s outstanding common stock, and (4) all directors and officers of the Company as a group: 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Amount Owned 

Percent of Class (5) 

Gonzalez Kim 120 Calle Iglesia, San Clemente CA 92672 

233,400 
 
 -1 

0.58 

Nicholas D. Gerber 120 Calle Iglesia, San Clemente CA 92672 

18,250,015 
 
 -2 

45.21 

David W. Neibert 120 Calle Iglesia, San Clemente CA 92672 

44,448 
 
 -3 

0.11 

Scott Schoenberger 120 Calle Iglesia, San Clemente CA 92672 

4,697,993 
 
 -4 

11.64 

Kathryn D. Rooney 120 Calle Iglesia, San Clemente CA 92672 

2,000 
 
 -5 

Derek Mullins 120 Calle Iglesia, San Clemente CA 92672 

- 

0 

Erin Grogan 120 Calle Iglesia, San Clemente CA 92672 

- 

0 

Kelly J. Anderson 120 Calle Iglesia, San Clemente CA 92672 

- 

0 

Joya Harris 120 Calle Iglesia, San Clemente CA 92672 

- 

0 

James Alexander 120 Calle Iglesia, San Clemente, CA 92672 

- 

0 

Stuart P. Crumbaugh 120 Calle Iglesia, San Clemente CA 92672 

- 

0 

Carolyn Yu 120 Calle Iglesia, San Clemente CA 92672 

7,000 
 
 -6 

Officers and Directors as a Group 

23,234,856 
 
 -7 

57.55 

Sheila Gerber 

3,183,929 

7.89 

Gerber Family Trust 

5,623,543 

13.93 

Less than 1 
 Kelly J. Anderson resigned from the Board on September 24, 2022. 
 Kathryn D. Rooney resigned from the Board on April 17, 2023 and James Alexander and Stuart P. Crumbaugh were appointed to the Board on that date. 

36

Table of Contents 

(1) 
 Mr. Gonzalez is a member of the Board of the Company. Mr. Gonzalez and Mr. Hansu Kim are 50 partners and share voting and dispositive power in Gonzalez Kim, a California general partnership, which holds 11,670 shares of Series B Preferred Stock (which after giving effect to their conversion would total 233,400 shares of Common Stock) constituting 0.58 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock which percentage is based on 40,370,659 outstanding shares of Common Stock (giving effect to the conversion of all Series B Preferred Stock). 

(2) 
 Mr. Gerber is the President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Chairman of the Board. Mr. Gerber s shares are held by the Nicholas and Melinda Gerber Living Trust (the Gerber Trust and Mr. and Mrs. Gerber serve as trustees of the Gerber Trust, which owns a total 18,250,015 shares, representing 45.21 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (giving effect to the conversion of all Series B Preferred Stock). As such, the Gerber Trust and Mr. Gerber share power to vote or to direct the vote of the shares and share power to dispose or to direct the disposition of these shares. 

(3) 
 Mr. Neibert is the Chief Operations Officer of the Company and a member of the Board. Mr. Neibert owns an aggregate 44,448 shares. Mr. Neibert s total beneficial ownership constitutes 0.11 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock which percentage is based on 40,370,659 outstanding shares of Common Stock (giving effect to the conversion of all Series B Preferred Stock). 

(4) 
 Mr. Schoenberger is a member of the Board of the Company. Mr. Schoenberger s shares are held by the Schoenberger Family Trust (the Schoenberger Trust and Mr. Schoenberger serves as sole trustee of the Schoenberger Trust, which holds 36,058 shares of Series B Preferred Stock and 3,976,833 shares of Common Stock, and total 4,697,993 shares, representing 11.64 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock which percentage is based on 40,370,659 outstanding shares of Common Stock (giving effect to the conversion of all Series B Preferred Stock). As such, the Schoenberger Trust and Mr. Schoenberger share power to vote or to direct the vote of the shares and share power to dispose or to direct the disposition of these shares. 

(5) 
 Ms. Rooney was a member of the Board of the Company through April 17, 2023. Ms. Rooney directly owns an aggregate 2,000 shares which is less than 1 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock which percentage is based on 40,370,659 outstanding shares of Common Stock (giving effect to the conversion of all Series B Preferred Stock). 

(6) 
 Ms. Yu is the Chief Legal Officer of the Company. Ms. Yu s shares are held by her indirectly through her husband. As such, Ms. Yu and her husband share power to vote or to direct the vote of the shares and share power to dispose or to direct the disposition of these shares, which represent less than 1 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock which percentage is based on 40,370,659 outstanding shares (giving effect to the conversion of all Series B Preferred Stock). 

(7) 
 The percentage of class is calculated pursuant to Rule 13d-3(d) of the Exchange Act which percentages are calculated on the basis of the amount of outstanding securities, plus securities deemed outstanding pursuant to Rule 13d-3(d)(1). The percentage of common stock outstanding is as of September 27, 2022, and based upon 39,383,459 shares of common outstanding and 49,360 shares of Series B Preferred Stock, giving effect to the conversion of all Series B Preferred Stock at a ratio of 20:1, for a total issued and outstanding amount of 40,370,659 shares. 

Upon acquiring their shares of Voting Stock, Messrs. Gerber and Schoenberger have voted all shares of Voting Stock concurringly on matters submitted to the Company s stockholders. Pursuant to a voting agreement, (the Voting Agreement ), the Gerber Trust and Schoenberger Trust will continue to vote all shares of Voting Stock owned by them to elect each of Messrs. Gerber and Schoenberger to the Board along with other designees mutually agreed upon. By virtue of the Voting Agreement, Messrs. Gerber and Schoenberger will represent 22,948,008, or 56.84 of the Voting Stock when voting on director nominees. 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Director Independence 
 
 For purposes of determining director independence, we have applied the definitions set out in Section 803 of the NYSE American Company Guide. The NYSE American definition of Independent Director means a person other than an Executive Officer or employee of the Company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the Company's Board of Directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Because the Company relies of the controlled company exemption, the Company is not subject to certain NYSE American corporate governance requirements and provisions. 
 
 The Board has three standing committees; compensation committee, nominating committee, and audit committee. 
 
 Related Party Transactions 
 
 During our last fiscal year, we did not enter into any transactions with related persons, promoters or certain control persons as covered by Item 404 of Regulation S-K. However, in connection with that certain Securities Purchase Agreement with Nicholas Gerber and Scott Schoenberger, certain now current executive officers and directors may have formed a group under Section 13(d)(3) of the Act which may result in related party transactions in the future. These affiliations are disclosed herein. 

37

Table of Contents 

On January 26, 2015, we entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Securities Purchase Agreement with two accredited investors, Nicholas Gerber and Scott Schoenberger, (the Purchasers pursuant to which we agreed to sell and the Purchasers agreed to purchase approximately 13,333,333 shares of common stock and approximately 108,172 shares of Series B preferred stock of the Company (adjusted for the effect of the 1:10 reverse stock split in December 2015 and the 1:30 reverse stock split in December 2017) in exchange for 3,000,000 USD. Pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement, Purchasers acquired a controlling interest in the Company pursuant to the issuance of the above shares which constituted approximately 70.0 of the voting control of the Company. Following the closing of the Securities Purchase Agreement, Mr. Gerber and Schoenberger became officers and directors of the Company. 
 
 On April 8, 2016 and May 25, 2016, the Company entered into convertible promissory note agreements (the Promissory Notes with the Gerber Irrevocable Family Trust, an affiliate of our shareholder and CEO, that resulted in the funding of 350,000 and with the Schoenberger Family Trust, an affiliate of our shareholder and director, that resulted in the funding of 250,000, respectively. The Promissory Notes bear interest at four percent (4 per annum and increases to nineteen percent (19 in the event of default by the Company. The Company and the noteholder negotiated the interest rate at arm s length relying upon the available market rate for long-term deposits at financial institutions as well as the current rate of return realized by the noteholder for cash deposits currently held. Larger deposits traditionally fall into a Jumbo rate category with marginally higher returns. Interest ranged from annual percentage rates of 0.01 at the lowest to 1.75 at the highest. Recognizing the unsecured nature of the promissory note, and the historical record of continued operating losses by the Company, a rate of 4 annual interest was agreed upon in light of the heightened default risk over traditional investment instruments. There was no beneficial conversion feature identified as of the date of issuance of the Promissory Notes. Both notes were repaid in full on their respective maturity dates, together with accrued interest totaling 84,000 and 60,000 to the Gerber Irrevocable Family Trust and the Schoenberger Family Trust, respectively. 
 
 In connection with the acquisition of USCF Investments on December 9, 2016 the Promissory Notes were subsequently amended to remove the conversion feature. Additionally, as a result of the transaction completed on December 9, 2016, current shareholders of USCF Investments became shareholders of the Company. Prior to the transaction, Mr. Gerber, along with certain family members and certain other USCF Investments shareholders, owned the majority of the common stock in the Company as well as USCF Investments. Following the closing of this transaction, he and those shareholders continue to own the majority of the Company voting shares. Mr. Gerber and Mr. Schoenberger (and the through the control of their respective trusts which hold stock in the Company) entered into a Voting Agreement reflective of a similar Voting Agreement in place for USCF Investments wherein they have agreed to vote in concert with regard to all matters that come before the shareholders or the board of directors for a vote. This Voting Agreement establishes them as a control group. 
 
 Any future transactions by and among the parties mentioned above may qualify as related party transactions and will be disclosed accordingly. 
 
 We have adopted a policy that any transactions with directors, officers or entities of which they are also officers or directors or in which they have a financial interest, will only be on terms consistent with industry standards and approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Board of Directors and based upon a determination that these transactions are on terms no less favorable to us than those which could be obtained by unaffiliated third parties. This policy could be terminated in the future. In addition, interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee thereof which approves such a transaction. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit Fees . Our principal independent accountant billed us, for each of the last two fiscal years, the following aggregate fees for its professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in our Form 10-Q reports or other services normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those two fiscal years: 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2023 

390,816 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2022 

309,802 

Audit-Related Fees. Our principal independent accountant, and those secondary accountants performing audit reviews of our subsidiaries on our behalf, billed us, for each of the last two fiscal years, the following aggregate fees for assurance and related services reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and not reported above under Audit Fees : 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2023 

nil 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2022 

nil 

38

Table of Contents 

Tax Fees . Our principal independent accountant billed us, for each of the last two fiscal years, the following aggregate fees for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning: 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2023 

164,390 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2022 

171,753 

All Other Fees . Our principal independent accountant billed us, for each of the last two fiscal years, the following aggregate fees for products and services provided by it, other than the services reported in the above three categories: 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2023 

32,100 

Fiscal Year ended June 30, 2022 

213,918 

Pre-Approval of Audit and Non-Audit Services. The Audit Committee, and in our case the board of directors, require that it pre-approve all audit, review and attest services and non-audit services before such services are engaged. 

39

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Form 10-K: 

3.1 
 Amended Articles of Incorporation of Concierge Technologies, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Definitive Proxy Materials on Schedule 14C filed on February 28, 2017) 

3.2 
 Certificate of Designation (Series of Preferred Stock) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on October 8, 2010). 

3.3 
 Amendment to Certificate of Designation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on January 31, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 15, 2021). 

3.4 
 Amendment to Certificate of Designation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Nevada on January 5, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on November 15, 2021). 

3.5 
 Amended Bylaws of Concierge Technologies, Inc. effective on March 20, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit B of the Definitive Proxy Materials on Schedule 14C filed on February 28, 2017) 

3.6 
 Certificate of Amendment, dated March 7, 2022(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 7, 2022). 

10.1 
 Concierge Technologies, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix C of the Information Statement filed pursuant to Section 14C on September 13, 2021) 

10.2 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Stuart Crumbaugh (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 19, 2022) 

10.3 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and David Neibert (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 19, 2022) 

10.4 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Carolyn Yu (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 19, 2022) 

10.5 
 One-Time Transaction Bonus Agreement by and between the Company, Wainwright Holdings, Inc., and John Love (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 19, 2022) 

10.6 
 Variation Agreement entered into on June 20, 2022 between Marygold UK and Keith Halford to complete the closing of the Share Purchase Agreement entered into on August 13, 2021. 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Indicates management contract or any compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document# 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document# 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document# 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document# 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document# 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document# 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

40

Table of Contents 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

THE MARYGOLD COMPANIES, INC. 

Date: September 25, 2023 
 /s/ Nicholas D. Gerber 

Nicholas D. Gerber, CEO 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date: September 25, 2023 
 /s / David W. Neibert 

David W. Neibert, C.O.O., Secretary and Director 

Date: September 25, 2023 
 /s/ Scott Schoenberger 

Scott Schoenberger, Director 

Date: September 25, 2023 
 /s/ Matt Gonzalez 

Matt Gonzalez, Director 

Date: September 25, 2023 
 /s/ Derek Mullins 

Derek Mullins, Director 

Date: September 25, 2023 
 /s/ James Alexander 

James Alexander, Director 

Date: September 25, 2023 
 /s/ Erin Grogan 

Erin Grogan, Director 

Date: September 25, 2023 
 /s/ Joya Delgado Harris 

Joya Delgado Harris, Director 

41

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex_556872.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_556872.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Executive Officer 

I, Nicholas Gerber, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of The Marygold Companies, Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 

Date: September 25, 2023 
			 
			 /s/ Nicholas Gerber 

Nicholas Gerber 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex_556873.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_556873.htm 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Principal Accounting and Financial Officer 

I, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of The Marygold Companies, Inc. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 25, 2023 
			 
			 /s/ Stuart Crumbaugh 

Stuart Crumbaugh 

Principal Accounting and Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex_556874.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_556874.htm 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of The Marygold Companies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Nicholas Gerber, Principal Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 

(2) 

Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: September 25, 2023 
			 
			 /s/ Nicholas Gerber 

Nicholas Gerber 

Principal Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to The Marygold Companies, Inc. and will be retained by The Marygold Companies, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex_556875.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_556875.htm 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of The Marygold Companies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stuart P. Crumbaugh, Principal Accounting and Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 

(2) 

Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: September 25, 2023 
			 
			 /s/ Stuart Crumbaugh 

Stuart P. Crumbaugh 

Principal Accounting and Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to The Marygold Companies, Inc. and will be retained by The Marygold Companies, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 cncgd-20230630.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 cncgd-20230630_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 cncgd-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 cncgd-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 cncgd-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

