<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230928_10-K_edgar_data_1576873_0001493152-23-034467.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>94438094</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>593632</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>86875281</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3830087</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1383714</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1476523</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>19</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-034467.hdr.sgml : 20230928
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230927203537
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-034467
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		373
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230928
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230927

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICAN BATTERY TECHNOLOGY Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001576873
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MINING, QUARRYING OF NONMETALLIC MINERALS (NO FUELS) [1400]
		IRS NUMBER:				331227980
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41811
		FILM NUMBER:		231285901

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 WASHINGTON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89503
		BUSINESS PHONE:		775-473-4744

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		100 WASHINGTON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89503

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN BATTERY METALS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190515

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Oroplata Resources, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130514

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-034467.txt : 20230928

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
File number: 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 
 
 (Address
 of principal executive offices, including zip code) 

(Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code) 

(Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock, par value 0.001 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller
reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated
filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm
that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b).

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes 

State
the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which
the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s
most recently completed second fiscal quarter: million aggregate market value as of December 31, 2022 , based on 43,341,063
shares of common stock outstanding valued at 6.10 per share. 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 shares of common stock as of September 26,
2023 . 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
annual report on Form 10-K (this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended Exchange Act ). All statements included in this Report, other than statements of historical facts, that
address activities, conditions, events, or developments with respect to our financial condition, results of operations, business
prospects or economic performance that we expect, believe, or anticipate will or may occur in the future, or that address plans and
objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are contained
principally in the Business and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations sections of this Report. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that
may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performances or
achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by
terms such as anticipates , believes , seeks , could , estimates ,
 expects , intends , may , plans , potential ,
 predicts , projects , should , would and similar expressions intended to
identify forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking
statements appear throughout this report, and include statements about such matters as: anticipated operating results; relationships
with our customers; consumer demand; financial resources and condition; changes in revenues; changes in profitability; changes in accounting
treatment; cost of sales; selling, general and administrative expenses; interest expense; the ability to produce the liquidity or enter
into agreements to acquire the capital necessary to continue our operations and take advantage of opportunities; legal proceedings and
claims. 

Forward-looking
statements reflect our current views with respect to future events and are based on assumptions and analyses made by us in light of our
experience and our perception of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments, and other factors that we believe
are appropriate under the circumstances. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and
these statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause our actual results or performance to be materially
different from any future results or performance expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause our financial
condition, results of operations, business prospects or economic performance to differ from expectations include the factors discussed
in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors below and elsewhere in this Report. 

Also,
forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this Report. You should read this Report and
the documents that we reference and file as exhibits to this Report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results
may be materially different from what we expect. The forward-looking statements in this report speak only as of the filing of this Report.
Except as required by applicable securities laws, we assume no obligation to update any prior forward-looking statements. 

PRESENTATION
OF INFORMATION 

Except
as otherwise indicated by the context, references in this Report to we , us , our and the Company 
are to the combined business of American Battery Technology Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

This
Report includes our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022. These
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States US GAAP ).
All financial information in this Report is presented in US dollars, unless otherwise indicated, and should be read in conjunction with
our audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in this Report. 

2 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 10 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 17 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 17 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 20 
 
 Item
 4 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 20 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 21 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved.] 
 22 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 26 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 27 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 28 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 28 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 28 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 28 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 29 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 35 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 37 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 37 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 37 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 38 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 38 

Signatures 
 39 

3 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Introduction 

American
Battery Technology Company the Company , or we is a technology development and commercialization
company in the battery materials sector of the lithium-ion battery industry. The Company is working to increase the domestic US
production of critical battery metals. To do so, we are engaged in (i) the exploration of new primary resources of battery metals,
(ii) the development and commercialization of new technologies for the extraction and refining of these battery metals from primary
resources, and (iii) the commercialization of an internally developed integrated process for the recycling of lithium-ion batteries
for the recovery of battery materials. Through this three-pronged approach we are working to both increase the domestic production of
these battery materials through the acquisition and exploration of mining claims and to ensure that these constituent elemental metals
are returned to the domestic manufacturing supply chain in a closed-loop fashion. In addition, we are committed to operating our
business in a safe and environmentally responsible manner by working with our employees, customers, vendors, and local communities
to minimize our environmental impact and comply with local, state and federal environmental laws and regulations. 

The
Company s corporate headquarters are in Reno, Nevada, and its mineral exploration
office is located in Tonopah, Nevada. The Company is commissioning its novel recycling plant for recycling lithium-ion batteries in McCarran,
Nevada. 

Company
History 

The
Company was incorporated as Oroplata Resources, Inc. under the laws of the State of Nevada on October 6, 2011, for the purpose of acquiring
rights to mineral properties with the eventual objective of being a producing mineral company. On August 8, 2016, the Company formed
Lithortech Resources Inc. as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company to serve as its operating subsidiary for lithium resource exploration
and mine development. On June 29, 2018, the Company changed the name of Lithortech Resources to LithiumOre Corp. LithiumOre ).
On May 3, 2019, the Company changed its name to American Battery Metals Corporation. On August 12, 2021, the Company further changed its name to American Battery Technology Company, which better aligns with the Company s
current business activities and future objectives. The Company has a limited operating history and has not yet generated or realized revenues
from its primary business activities. 

Industry
Overview 

Lithium-ion
batteries have become the rechargeable battery of choice in cell phones, computers, electric vehicles, and large scale electric
stationary storage systems. Global production capacity of lithium-ion batteries was approximately 1,570 gigawatt hours per year GWh/yr at the end of 2022 and is forecasted to grow to approximately 6,700 GWh/yr by 2031, primarily driven by
demand for electric vehicles. There are significant regulatory and social tailwinds driving demand growth for electric vehicles and
large-format energy storage systems. This, in turn, is driving significant demand for battery materials such as
lithium, cobalt, nickel, and manganese. 

Lithium-ion
batteries are designed in a variety of form-factors and chemistries. Current cell-level form-factors utilized are primarily cylindrical,
prismatic, and pouch geometries. The most common battery cathode chemistries that have emerged are lithiated nickel cobalt aluminum oxide NCA ), lithiated nickel manganese cobalt oxide NMC ), lithiated cobalt oxide LCO ), and lithiated
iron phosphate LFP ). The most common battery anode chemistries consist of graphite, silicon, and lithium metal. These
chemistries are expected to evolve based on the development of new technologies and the availability, cost, and life-cycle environmental
footprint of required minerals. 

The
current manufacturing supply chain for lithium-ion batteries is segmented and is organized into sub-industries that operate in a closed-loop fashion: 

battery
 material providers, 

chemical
 refiners, 

cell
 manufacturers, and 

end-use
 product (electric vehicle, stationary storage, consumer electronics, etc.) manufacturers. 

4 

Battery
material providers can be classified into two categories: primary producers who explore for and extract virgin resources, and
secondary producers who extract minerals from scrap and end-of-life products for re-sale into the lithium-ion battery supply chain.
The Company intends to operate in both categories of the battery material supply segment, which is discussed in greater detail
below. 

Chemical
refiners source battery-grade materials from suppliers to manufacture into cell components, including cathodes, anodes, electrolytes,
and separators. Currently the vast majority of global refining capacity is located outside the USA, primarily in Asia. 

Cell
manufacturers source cell components and assemble those components into modules and packs, which are then sold to Original Equipment
Manufacturers OEM or OEMs ). Cell manufacturing is also currently concentrated in Asia, with China
accounting for over 75 of global cell manufacturing capacity. 

The
OEM segment is the final step to manufacturing any end-use product containing lithium-ion batteries. OEM manufacturing capacity
for electric vehicles, stationary storage, and consumer electronics is distributed globally and is expected to increase more than an order of
magnitude over the next several years. 

Each
segment of the lithium-ion battery supply chain has seen disparate quantities of investment, with those variations further pronounced
with specific geographies. Investment in battery material suppliers, both primary and secondary, and chemical refining capacity, has
been far outpaced by investments in cell manufacturing and end-use OEMs, with anticipated battery production capacity forecasted to be
roughly ten times the forecasted capacity for precursor metal refining. This disconnect in available feedstock and refining capacity has caused significant
imbalances in the global supply chain, with those imbalances even more pronounced within the US and apparent by the volatility in price
of these underlying materials. Further, while there is significant cell manufacturing and OEM manufacturing capacity in the USA, less
than 1 of global battery materials needed to supply these facilities are sourced in the US, resulting in a severe domestic capacity
imbalance and risk to the domestic economy. This risk in the security and cost of supply has resulted in numerous issues for industries
reliant on lithium-ion batteries and has the potential to dramatically slow the adoption of electric vehicles, renewable energy storage
and other uses for lithium-ion battery metals. 

Overview
of Battery Materials Supply 

Supply
of battery materials is currently dominated by primary production. Development of new
sources of primary supply are typically subject to long development times and high capital costs, putting further constraints on the supply
of these materials. In addition, the majority of primary production is concentrated in high geopolitical risk locations. Each of the
primary minerals discussed are traded on a number of global commodity exchanges and market pricing for each is readily available.
Additional details on the primary development of the main critical materials are discussed below: 

Lithium: Primary
lithium is traditionally extracted from lithium brines or from hard rock deposits, and with recent innovations to also manufacture
primary lithium from lithium-bearing claystone resources. Lithium brine deposits are accumulations of saline groundwater that are
enriched in dissolved lithium. These deposits can be found in salt flats (such as those in South America), geothermal deposits (such
as the Salton Sea in California), and oil fields. Extraction of lithium from brines typically involves large-scale evaporation
techniques, thus consuming large amounts of water and energy. Hard rock sources of lithium are typically found in spodumene
pegmatite deposits (such as those in Western Australia) and are mined using conventional mining and processing techniques.
Extraction of lithium from claystone resources is a relatively new technique with various extraction technologies currently under
development. 

Nickel:
 Primary nickel is mined from both surface and underground operations. Traditional processing techniques for nickel involve crushing,
leaching, and floatation techniques. The primary competing source of demand for nickel is the steel industry, for both a steel alloy
and in plating of stainless steel. Supply is currently dominated by production from Indonesia, Philippines, and Russia. 

5 

Cobalt:
 Cobalt is typically mined from open pit and underground operations using traditional mining and processing techniques. The majority
of cobalt production is a by-product of copper or nickel production. The competing source of demand for cobalt is steel production where
cobalt is utilized as a high-strength steel alloy. Concentration of supply from the Democratic Republic of Congo has given rise to significant
environmental, social, and governance ESG concerns over the supply of primary cobalt resources. 

Manganese:
 Manganese is typically mined from open pit surface mines using traditional mining and processing techniques. As with the previously
mentioned minerals, the primary competing source of demand is steel production, where manganese is used as an alloy and to deoxidize
steel. South Africa is the world s largest producer of manganese, followed by Australia and China. 

Secondary
supply of feedstock, or recycling, is a relatively new market segment that has seen limited investment compared to the other
segments of the battery supply chain. Current recycling techniques can be classified into two categories: High temperature thermal
processes (pyrometallurgy) and mechanical crushing/simple hydrometallurgy processes. Both techniques process the feedstock batteries
into an intermediate compound, a metal matte or black mass, which is then further processed through a refining process to extract
the constituent metals. Both processes mainly focus on the recovery of nickel and cobalt. The majority of these operations are
located in China and South Korea. 

High
temperature thermal processes account for the majority of current recycling operations. Batteries are placed into high-temperature
furnaces and melted. A number of the key battery materials are lost in the high temperature processing and smelting phase, including
lithium, graphite, and aluminum. The remaining metal matte is then processed through a hydrometallurgical refining process. The high
temperature processing can present challenges to refining the metal matte from this process into products that meet the high purity
specifications required for battery cathode manufacturing. Further, the process is energy intensive and causes substantial air and
water pollution. 

The
mechanical crushing/simple hydrometallurgy approach involves placing batteries into large shredding/grinding machines. The resulting
shredded material is then processed to produce a black mass. This resulting back mass is then processed through a bulk hydrometallurgical
process designed to remove impurities and extract the high-value minerals. The high level of impurities in the black mass resulting from
the shredding/grinding process makes the recovery of battery grade materials challenging. Additionally, the solvents used in the extraction
process have adverse environmental impacts and significantly increase the costs associated with the recycling process. 

The
black mass resulting from the recycling process has become a readily tradable commodity. However, the quality and value of the black
mass is highly variable based on the chemistry of the battery that is being processed and the amount of remaining impurities in the material.
Metal refiners are developing processes to extract battery-grade materials from the various forms of black mass. The market, and thus
pricing, for black mass is still developing. 

The
overall market and pricing for battery feedstock materials will be driven by the supply/demand balance of each commodity. Chemical refiners
require specific purity and quality standards for the inputs for their manufacturing processes. Competition will be based on the ability
of producers, both primary and secondary, to deliver reliable quantities of materials that meet the specifications required in the battery
manufacturing process, while maintaining cash costs that are below the marginal cost of supply. 

Our
Business 

Lithium-Ion
Battery Recycling 

The
Company has developed a universal lithium-ion battery recycling system that is capable of recycling batteries with both a wide range of
form factors (packs, modules, cylindrical cells, prismatic cells, pouch cells, defect and intermediate waste cells, metal scraps, slurries,
and powders) and of a wide range of cathode chemistries (lithiated cobalt oxide, lithiated nickel-cobalt-aluminum oxide, lithiated nickel-cobalt-manganese
oxide, lithiated nickel-cobalt-manganese-aluminum oxide, lithiated nickel-oxide, and lithiated manganese-oxide) of various relative weighting
of transition metals. 

6 

The
Company s recycling system is a two-phase process: an automated de-manufacturing process followed by a targeted chemical extraction
train to separate the individual high-value metals. The Company intends to commission each phase in sequence. Phase 1, the automated
de-manufacturing process, separates the components of battery feedstock material into its constituent components, including scrap metals
and cathode and anode powders in the form of black mass filter cake. Scrap metals are then sold as byproducts under various offtake agreements
or into the open scrap market. The black mass filter cake produced in this phase will also be sold under offtake contracts or into the
open market. Upon commissioning of Phase 2, the black mass produced in Phase 1 will be fed into a proprietary chemical extraction train
to extract lithium, nickel, cobalt, and manganese elemental metals and upgrade them to the battery cathode grade specifications demanded
by high energy density cathode manufacturers. The commissioning of Phase 1 is expected to occur in the fourth quarter of calendar year
2023 and the commissioning of Phase 2 is expected to occur in calendar year 2024. 

The
Company has acquired and leveraged the experience of several members of its leadership and implementation teams who worked on the
design, construction, commissioning, and optimization of one of the largest lithium-ion battery manufacturing giga factories in the
world. This significant pool of experience has enabled the team to leverage their knowledge of the failure mechanisms that can cause
battery components, cells, and modules to fail leading to the development an automated deconstruction process combined with a
targeted hydrometallurgical, non-smelting process that deconstructs battery packs to modules, modules to cells, cells to subcell
components, and then sorting and separating those subcell components in a strategic fashion. Because of our uniquely pioneered
recycling process, we are able to realize greater net benefits than current conventional methods. These benefits include: 

Decreased
 air and liquid pollutant emissions through strategic
 design, and with no high-temperature operations, 

Separation
 of low value materials early in the processing train allows for high recovery and purity of high value products, 

Metal
 products manufactured to meet battery cathode specifications are able to re-enter supply chain in closed-loop fashion, 

Throughput
 of recycling facilities equal to that of manufacturing facilities, on a per region basis, 

Low
 capital costs, through avoidance of high-temperature operations and minimal generation of waste, and 

Short
 processing residence times through high-speed strategic disassembly and material handling. 

Additional
details regarding the recycling plant are discussed in Item 2. Properties. 

Industry
Collaborations 

In
September 2019, the Company was selected as the sole winner of the battery recycling portion of the Circularity Challenge hosted by BASF,
Stanley Black Decker, and Greentown Labs. BASF is one of the largest high-energy density cathode manufacturing companies in the
US and one of the largest global purchasers of lithium-ion battery metal materials. The challenge was developed to encourage new, innovative
technologies for the recycling of large-format lithium-ion batteries, with a goal to establish and develop a circular economy in the
battery supply chain. Participants were asked to demonstrate their ability to recycle an end-of-life lithium-ion battery into battery
grade minerals that could then be used for the manufacture of new lithium-ion batteries. As the winner, the Company received seed funding,
access to the Greentown Labs facilities (see Item 2. Properties), and the exploration of partnership agreements with the host companies.
The Company and BASF continue to explore several avenues of collaboration to accelerate the commercialization of the Company s
lithium-ion battery recycling technology. 

7 

In
October 2021, the Company, as a co-grantee, received a competitively bid 2 million contract award from the US Advanced Battery
Consortium USABC ). USABC is a subsidiary of the United States Council for Automotive Research LLC and enabled by a
cooperative agreement with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE). The member companies include General Motors, Ford Motor Company, and
Stellantis NV. USABC s mission is to develop electrochemical energy storage technologies that advance commercialization of
next generation electrified vehicle applications. The objective of the contract award is for the commercial-scale development and
demonstration of an integrated lithium-ion battery recycling system, the production of battery cathode grade metal products, the
synthesis of high energy density active cathode material from these recycled battery metals by cathode producer and lithium-ion
battery recycler BASF, and the fabrication of large format automotive battery cells from these recycled materials and the testing of
these cells against otherwise identical cells made from virgin sourced metals by cell technology developer C4V. The demonstration of
the entire closed-loop battery manufacturing supply chain within a single project is meant to foster the establishment of a domestic
low-cost and low-environmental impact battery recycling infrastructure. 

Competition 

The Company expects to recover several types of byproducts
as well as battery cathode grade lithium, nickel, cobalt, and manganese products through its recycling process and will compete with two
categories of producers of these commodities: competing recycling processers and facilities and primary producers of the battery materials. 

Competing
recycling processes and facilities are primarily located in the US, Europe, and China and employ various techniques for extraction of
the contained battery metals. In general, processers that employ high-temperature thermal processes or shredding/solvent extraction techniques
focus on the recovery of nickel and cobalt, with limited ability to recover lithium, manganese, or other metals. The Company s
process to extract each of the battery components enables the Company to extract additional value from the same amount of feedstock to
enable low-cost and low-environmental operations. 

Primary
producers of lithium, nickel, cobalt, and manganese are distributed globally. Lithium production is largely located in the Americas,
Australia, and Asia. Approximately two-thirds of cobalt production is sourced from the Democratic Republic of Congo. Nickel production
is dominated by Indonesia, China, and Australia. Manganese production is concentrated in South Africa, Australia, and China. 

The
commodities and specialty chemicals that are ultimately used by cathode manufacturers are required to meet stringent specifications,
whether that mineral is sourced from a primary or a secondary resource. Thus, the competition in these markets will be based on product
quality and reliability of supply. 

Primary
Resource Development Refining 

The
Company has been designing and optimizing our internally developed sustainable lithium extraction process for the manufacturing of battery
cathode grade lithium hydroxide from Nevada-based sedimentary claystone primary resources. We are currently conducting exploratory drilling
programs on over 10,000 acres as part of our Tonopah Flats Lithium Exploration Project. (See Item 2. Properties for additional information). 

The
Company is currently conducting geological mapping, sampling, geochemical analysis, and proprietary extraction trials to characterize
the resource and to quantify the performance of the lithium extraction and manufacturing operations. In parallel with the current exploration
activities, the Company is designing and constructing a multi-ton per day pilot scale facility to process sedimentary resource from
the project. This facility is intended to demonstrate the commercial viability of the Company s extraction and refining processes.
The Company will continue to analyze the economic competitiveness of the project throughout the demonstration phases. 

The
Company s in-house developed extraction technologies do not require the inefficient evaporation ponds associated with
conventional lithium-from-brine mining. Our extraction process utilizes a selective leaching process for the low-cost extraction of lithium
from claystone sedimentary resources that allows for significantly lower consumption of acid, lower levels of contaminants in the generated
leach liquor, and lower overall costs of production. 

8 

Industry
Collaborations 

In
October 2021, the Company, as the primary grantee, with DuPont Water Solutions as a sub-grantee, was awarded a 4.5 million
competitive grant through the US Department of Energy s Advanced Manufacturing Office, Critical Materials Innovation program
to advance the research, development, and commercialization of its technologies for the mining and manufacturing of battery grade
lithium hydroxide from its lithium-bearing claystone deposits. The grant provided partial funding for the development of a
multi-tons per day processing facility to implement its lithium refining technology at pilot facility scale. 

Competition 

Primary
lithium production is concentrated in the Americas, Australia, and Asia. The lithium that is ultimately used by cathode manufacturers
is required to meet stringent specifications, whether that mineral is sourced from a primary or a secondary resource. Thus, the competition
in these markets will be based on product quality and reliability of supply. 

Employees 

As
of September 26, 2023, the Company had 54 full-time and 2 part-time employees.
Additional workers may be hired on a contract basis as needed. 

Available
Information 

We
are subject to the information and periodic reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and, in accordance
therewith, we file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We make available,
free of charge, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to these reports
on our website at https://americanbatterytechnology.com/ as soon as reasonably practicable after those reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

9 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

An
investment in the Company s securities is subject to a number of risks at any given time. Below is a description of the principal
risk factors affecting the Company. The risk factors set out below are not exhaustive and unidentified risks may have potential to adversely
affect the Company s financial condition, operating results, business or future prospects. Investors should carefully consider
these risk factors, many of which are beyond the Company s control, together with other disclosures and market information before
investing in the Company s securities. 

Pre-Revenue
Company Risks 

A
pre-revenue company such as ours is inherently subject to many risks. These risks and difficulties include challenges in accurate
financial planning as a result of: (a) accumulated losses; (b) uncertainties resulting from a relatively limited time period in
which to develop and evaluate business strategies as compared to companies with longer operating histories; (c) compliance with
regulations required to commence sales on future products; (d) reliance on third parties for consulting, laboratory work,
regulatory, commercialization or other activities; (e) reliance on third parties to carry out contractual arrangements; (f)
financing the business; and (g) meeting the challenges of the other risk factors described herein. We have no operating history in
our current areas of focus upon which investors may base an evaluation of our performance; therefore, we are subject to all risks
incident to the creation and development of a new business. 

Working
Capital Risks 

We
will need additional financing to execute our business plan and fund operations, which additional financing may not be available on reasonable
terms or at all. We will need to raise capital over the next 12 months to satisfy such requirements, the receipt of which cannot be assured.
We will also require capital in order to fully develop our recycling, extraction and refining operations. We intend to seek additional
funds through various financing sources, including the private sale of our equity and debt securities, joint ventures with capital partners, grants, government loans,
and project financing of our recycling facilities. In addition, we will consider alternatives to our current business plan that may enable
us to achieve revenue-producing operations and meaningful commercial success with a smaller amount of capital. However, there can be
no guarantees that such funds will be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If such financing is not available on satisfactory
terms, we may be unable to further pursue our business plan and we may be unable to continue operations, in which case you may lose your
entire investment. 

Risks
of Competitive Industry 

Inherent
to competitive industries, there are risks the Company may be unable to maintain or acquire financing, seek available opportunities,
retain existing personnel or hire new personnel, or maintain or acquire technical or other resources, supplies or equipment, all on
terms it considers acceptable to complete the development of its projects. Battery recycling is a highly competitive and speculative
business. Competing recycling processes and facilities are primarily located in the USA, Europe, and China and employ various
techniques for extraction of the contained battery metals. In seeking available opportunities, we will compete with a number of
other companies, including established, multi-national companies that have more experience and resources than we do. There also may
be other small companies that are developing similar processes and are farther along than the Company. Because we may not have the
financial and managerial resources to compete with other companies, we may not be successful in our efforts to develop technology
which is commercially viable. 

Business
Model Risks 

We
intend to engage in the business of lithium recycling through proprietary recycling technology. While the production of lithium-ion recycling
is an established business, to date most lithium-ion recycling has been produced by way of performing bulk high temperature calcinations
or bulk acid dissolutions. We have developed a highly strategic recycling processing train that does not employ any high temperature
operations or any bulk chemical treatments of the full battery. We have tested our recycling process on a small scale and to a limited
degree; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to produce battery metals in commercial quantities at a cost of production
that will provide us with an adequate profit margin. The uniqueness of our process presents potential risks associated with the development
of a business model that is untried and unproven as we undertake the build-out and operation of a large-scale facility capable of recycling
commercial quantities. There can be no assurance that as we commence large scale manufacturing or operations that we will not incur unexpected
costs or hurdles that might restrict the desired scale of our intended operations or negatively impact our projected gross profit margin. 

Share
Price Risks 

The market price of the stock of a publicly traded company is affected by a number
of variables, many of which are outside the Company s control. Such factors include: the general condition of markets for resource
stocks, and particularly for stocks of lithium exploration and development companies and other battery-metals stocks; the ge neral
strength of the economy; the availability and attractiveness of alternative investments; analysts recommendations and their estimates
of financial performance; investor perception and reactions to disclosures made by the Company, and by the Company s competitors;
future securities sales; reputational risks of the Company; and the breadth of the public markets for the stock. Investors could suffer
significant losses if the Company s Common Shares are depressed or illiquid when an investor seeks liquidity. 

10 

Market
Risks 

The
Company is exposed to commodity price movements for the inventory it holds and the products it plans to produce. Commodity price risk
management activities are currently limited to monitoring market prices. The Company s future revenues, if any, are sensitive to
the market prices of the metals contained in its planned products. 

The
Company s projects are highly dependent on the demand for and uses of lithium-based end products. This includes lithium-ion batteries
for electric vehicles and other large format batteries that currently have limited market share and whose projected adoption rates are
not assured. To the extent that such markets do not develop in the manner contemplated by the Company, then the long-term growth in the
market for lithium products will be adversely affected. This would inhibit the potential for development of the projects, their potential
commercial viability and would otherwise have a negative effect on the business and financial condition of the Company. In addition,
as a commodity, lithium market demand is subject to the substitution effect in which end-users adopt an alternate commodity as a response
to supply constraints or increases in market pricing. These circumstances could limit the quantity of customers and prices paid
for our products. To the extent that these factors arise in the market for lithium, it could have
a negative impact on overall prospects for growth of the lithium market and pricing, which in turn could have a negative effect on the
Company and its projects. 

Product
Price and Quality Risks 

The
ability to reach and sustain profitable operations on the recycling and extraction projects, if and to the extent the projects are developed
and enter commercial operation, will be significantly affected by changes in the market price of lithium-based end products. The market
price of these products fluctuates widely and is affected by numerous factors beyond the Company s control, including world supply
and demand, pricing characteristics for alternate energy sources such as oil and gas, government policy and laws, interest rates, the
rate of inflation and the stability of currency exchange rates, and other geopolitical and global economic factors. Such external economic
factors are influenced by changes in international investment patterns, various political developments and macro-economic circumstances.
Furthermore, the price of lithium products is significantly affected by their purity and performance, and by the specifications of end-user
battery manufacturers. If the products produced from the Company s projects do not meet battery-grade quality and/or do not meet
customer specifications, pricing will be reduced from that expected for battery-grade product. In turn, the company may lose or fail to attract customers. The Company may not be able to effectively mitigate pricing risks for its products. Depressed pricing for the Company s
products will affect the level of revenues expected to be generated by the Company, which in turn could affect the value of the Company,
its share price and the potential value of its properties. 

Project
and Process Risks 

The
processes contemplated by the Company for refining of extracted materials and refining of recycled materials have not previously been
demonstrated at commercial scale. There are risks that efficiencies of recovery and throughput capacity will not be met, and risks that
scaled production will not be cost effective or operate as expected. In addition, there is potential for unforeseen costs, additional
changes to the process chemistry and engineering, and other unforeseen circumstances that could result in delays to the projects or increased
capital or operating costs. 

The
Company is in the process of exploring and assessing a mineral resource in Tonopah, Nevada, with the intent of progressing the
project to mining and processing activities. The Company has no prior history of completing the development of a mining project or
conducting mining operations. If found to be economically feasible, the future development of mineral resources will require the
construction and operation of a mine, processing plant and related infrastructure. While certain members of management have mining
development and operational experience, the Company does not have any such experience as a collective organization. As a result of
these factors, the Company s future success is more uncertain than if it had a proven operating history. 

If
the Tonopah project advances, the Company is and will continue to be subject to all risks inherent with establishing new mining operations
including: the time and costs of construction of mining and processing facilities and related infrastructure; the availability and costs
of skilled labor and mining equipment and supplies; the need to obtain necessary environmental and other governmental approvals, licenses
and permits, and the timing of the receipt of those approvals, licenses and permits; the availability of funds to finance construction
and development activities; potential opposition from non-governmental organizations, indigenous peoples, environmental groups or local
groups which may delay or prevent development activities; and potential increases in construction and operating costs due to various
factors, including changes in the costs of fuel, power, labor, contractors, materials, supplies and equipment. 

11 

It
is common in new mining operations to experience unexpected costs, problems and delays during construction, commissioning and mine start-up,
as well as delays in the early stages of mineral production. 

The
Company is concurrently overseeing the advancement of two major lithium projects. Work to advance these projects requires the dedication
of considerable time and resources by the Company and its management team. The advancement of the projects concurrently brings with it
the associated risk of strains on managerial, human and other resources. The Company s ability to successfully manage each
of these processes will depend on a number of factors, including its ability to manage competing demands on time and other resources,
financial or otherwise, and successfully retain personnel and recruit new personnel to support its growth and the advancement of its
projects. 

Risks
Relating to the U.S. DOE Grant Programs 

The
DOE s invitation to enter into confirmatory due diligence and term sheet negotiations is not an assurance that DOE will offer a
term sheet to the applicant, or that the terms and conditions of any term sheet will be consistent with the terms proposed by the applicant.
The outcome of the Company s application to the DOE for funding is wholly dependent on the results of DOE advanced due diligence
and DOE s determination whether to proceed, and there can be no assurances as to the outcome of such due diligence review, whether
the DOE will determine to proceed and as to the terms and conditions of any term sheet that may be offered, if any. 

Permitting
Risks 

Our
operations in the United States are subject to the federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws applicable to the reclamation
of lithium-ion batteries and exploration for, and the development and operation of, mineral properties. Depending on how any particular
operation is structured, our operations and related facilities will have to obtain environmental permits or approvals to operate, including
those associated with, among other things, air emissions, water discharges, waste management and storage, and exploration and development
of mineral properties on federal lands and related processing facilities. We may face opposition from local residents or public interest
groups to the installation and operation of our facilities. Failure to secure (or significant delays in securing) the necessary approvals
could prevent us from pursuing some of our planned operations and adversely affect our business, financial results and growth prospects.
Additionally, there can be no certainty that current permits will be maintained, permitting changes will be approved, estimated permitting
timelines will be met, estimated costs will be accurate, or additional or approvals required to carry out recycling, extraction and refining
will be obtained. There is the risk that existing permits will be subject to challenges of regulatory administrative processes and similar
litigation and appeal processes. Litigation and regulatory review processes can result in lengthy delays, with uncertain outcomes. Such
issues could impact the expected timelines of the Company s projects and consequently have a material adverse effect on the Company s
prospects and business. 

Geopolitical
Risks 

In
recent years there has been a substantial increase in political tensions, which is particularly acute in respect to lithium. Lithium
has been identified as a critical mineral in multiple jurisdictions and is the subject of increasingly active industrial
policy. The Company does not believe this will result in a substantive adverse change to its
business or operations. However, the Company does expect that over time it may limit our ability to undertake business opportunities
with actors from non-Western countries. 

Cost
Estimate Risks 

Capital costs, operating costs, raw materials costs, production and other
estimates may differ significantly from those anticipated by the Company s current estimates, and there can be no assurance that
the Company s actual costs will not be higher than currently anticipated. The Company s actual costs and production may vary
from estimates for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to: lack of or availability of raw materials, resources or necessary
supplies or equipment; inflationary pressures flowing from global supply chain shortages and increased transportation costs, which in
turn are causing increased costs for supplies and equipment; increasing labor and personnel costs; unexpected construction or operating
problems; higher than expected cost of commodities or feedstock; lower than expected realized lithium prices; revisions to construction
plans; risks and hazards associated with exploration or mineral production; natural phenomena; floods; unexpected labor shortages or strikes;
and general inflationary pressures. Many of these factors are beyond the Company s control and could have a material effect on the
Company s operating cash flow, including the Company s ability to service its indebtedness. 

12 

Operating
Risks 

The
Company s operations are subject to all the hazards and risks normally incidental to the exploration for, and the development and
operation of, mineral properties. The Company strives to implement comprehensive health and safety measures designed to comply with government
regulations and protect the health and safety of the Company s workforce in all areas of its business. The Company also strives
to comply with environmental regulations in its operations. Nonetheless, risks associated with the Company s planned operations
include fires, power outages, shutdowns due to equipment breakdown or failure, aging of equipment or facilities, unexpected maintenance
and replacement expenditures, human error, labor disruptions or disputes, inclement weather, higher than forecast precipitation, flooding,
shortages of water, explosions, releases of hazardous materials, landslides, earthquakes, industrial accidents and explosions, protests
and other security issues, and the inability to obtain adequate machinery, equipment or labor due to shortages, strikes or public health
issues such as pandemics. 

Risk
of Hazardous Substances 

We
may be held responsible for the costs of remediating contamination at the site of current or former activities or at third party sites
or be held liable to third parties for exposure to hazardous substances should those be identified in the future. Under the U.S. Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 CERCLA and its state law equivalents, current or former
owners of properties may be held jointly and severally liable for the costs of site cleanup or required to undertake, remedial actions
in response to unpermitted releases of hazardous substances at such property, in addition to, among other potential consequences, liability
to governmental entities for the cost of damages to natural resources, which may be significant. 

Risk
of Health Epidemics and Diseases 

The
Company faces risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks of communicable diseases, which could significantly impact our people,
operations and surrounding communities. The Company could continue to incur costs to protect against COVID-19 and its variants. Other
impacts of changing restrictions and the evolving health environment in connection with pandemics, epidemics or health outbreaks and
emergencies could include prolonged travel restraints, shipment restraints, other supply chain disruptions and workforce interruptions,
including loss of life, and reputational damage in connection with challenges or reactions to action or perceived inaction by the Company,
which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s cash flows, earnings, results of operations and financial position. 

Costs
and Requirements of Being a Public Company 

As
a public reporting company, we are subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
and other federal securities laws, rules and regulations. Complying with these laws and regulations requires more time and attention
of our Board of Directors, management and requires additional employees compared to a privately-held company. In addition, the costs
of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC, furnishing audited reports
to stockholders, maintaining more comprehensive compliance functions, policies and procedures, and corporate governance, are greater
than that of a privately-held company. 

Risk
of Fraud, Misconduct, or Non-Compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws 

We
may be exposed to fraud, non-compliance with anti-corruption laws, or other misconduct committed by our employees, joint venture partners,
representatives, agents, vendors, customers or other third parties undertaking actions on our behalf that could subject us to litigation,
financial losses and fines or penalties imposed by governmental authorities and affect our reputation. 

Such
misconduct could include, but is not limited to, misappropriating funds, engaging in misrepresentation or fraudulent, deceptive or otherwise
improper activities, including activities in exchange for personal benefit or gain or activities that otherwise do not comply with applicable
laws or our internal policies and procedures. The risk of fraud or other misconduct could increase as we expand our business. 

Risk
of Failure to Meet Development Timelines and Capital Estimates 

Our
required capital expenditure can be complex, may experience delays or other difficulties, and the costs may exceed our estimates. 

Our
capital expenditures primarily consist of substantial investments in new or used equipment, facilities and properties, as well as expenditures
to maintain and improve existing equipment, facilities and properties. Execution of these capital expenditures can be complex, and commencement
of production requires start-up, commission and certification of product quality by our customers, which may impact the expected output
and timing of sales of product from such facilities. Construction of large operations is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties,
including, among others, the ability to complete a project on a timely basis and in accordance with the estimated budget for such project
and our ability to estimate future demand for our products. In addition, our returns on these capital expenditures may not meet our expectations.
Future capital expenditures may be significantly higher, depending on the investment requirements of each of our business lines, and
may also vary substantially if we are required to undertake actions to compete with new technologies in our industry. We may not have
the capital necessary to undertake these capital investments. If we are unable to do so, we may not be able to effectively compete in
some of our markets. 

Risk
of Failure to Comply with Covenants 

The
Company has contractual arrangements that contain affirmative and negative covenants that must be adhered to. It is possible that the
Company could fail to meet the requirements of one or more covenants, resulting in penalties or acceleration of amounts due. No assurance
can be given that a breach will not occur. This could result in a default under our credit agreements that would permit the applicable
lenders to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest. If we are unable
to repay our debt, creditors would have the right to proceed against the collateral securing the debt. This in turn could have a material
adverse effect on the Company s business and operations. 

Going
Concern Risk 

The
Company has alleviated any substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. We believe that our existing cash and
cash equivalents will enable us to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements more than one year from the date
of this report. However, we have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could exhaust our available capital
resources sooner than we expect. In the future, if we are unable to obtain sufficient funding to support our operations, we could be
forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our research and development programs or commercialization efforts, and our financial condition
and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, and we may be unable to continue as a going concern. 

Risks
from Changing Regulations and Laws 

Changes
to government laws and regulations may affect the development of the Company s projects. Such changes could include laws relating
to grant funds availability, taxation, royalties, restrictions on production, environmental, biodiversity and ecological compliance,
mine development and operations, mine safety, permitting and numerous other aspects of the business. 

Environmental
Risks and Regulations 

The
Company must comply with stringent environmental regulations. These are evolving in a manner that is expected to require stricter standards
and enforcement, increased fines and penalties for non-compliance, more stringent environmental assessments of proposed projects and
a heightened degree of responsibility for companies and their officers, directors and employees. Applicable environmental laws and regulations
may require enhanced public disclosure and consultation. It is possible that a legal protest could be triggered through one of these
requirements or processes that could delay development activities. No assurance can be given that new environmental laws and regulations
will not be enacted or that existing environmental laws and regulations will not be applied in a manner that could limit or curtail the
Company s development programs. Such changes in environmental laws and regulations and associated regulatory requirements could
delay and/or increase project costs or increase the risk of environmental liability associated with project operations. This in turn
could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and operations. 

13 

Insurance
Risks 

While
the Company maintains insurance to protect against certain risks associated with its business, insurance may not be available to insure
against all risks, or the costs of such insurance may be uneconomic. The Company may also elect not to obtain insurance for other reasons.
Insurance policies maintained by the Company may not be adequate to cover the full costs of actual liabilities incurred by the Company,
or may not be continued by insurers for reasons not solely within the Company s control. The Company maintains liability insurance
in accordance with industry standards. However, losses from uninsured and underinsured liabilities have the potential to materially affect
the Company s financial position and prospects. 

Health
and Safety Risks 

The
Company carries a risk of liability related to workers health and safety. Compliance with health and safety laws, and any changes
to such laws, and the requirements of applicable permits and other regulatory requirements remains material to the Company s business.
The Company may become subject to government orders, investigations, inquiries or other proceedings (including civil claims) relating
to health and safety matters. The occurrence of any of these events or any changes, additions to or more rigorous enforcement of health
and safety laws, permits or other approvals could have a significant impact on operations and result in additional costs or penalties.
In turn, these could have a material adverse effect on the Company s reputation, operations and future prospects. 

Risk
of Catastrophic Events, Terrorism and War 

The
occurrence or threat of extraordinary events, including domestic and international terrorist attacks, may disrupt our operations and
decrease demand for our products. Certain assets may be at greater risk of future terrorist attacks than other possible targets in the
U.S. and around the world. Extraordinary events cannot be predicted, and their occurrence may negatively affect the economy in general,
and the markets for our products in particular. The resulting damage from a direct attack on our assets, or assets used by us, could
include loss of life and property damage. In addition, available insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all the damage
incurred or, if available, may be prohibitively expensive. 

Risk
of Accounting Estimates and Impairment Charges 

We
make certain accounting estimates and projections in connection with our impairment analysis for long-lived assets in accordance with
applicable accounting guidance. An impairment charge may be required if the impairment analysis indicates that the carrying value of
an asset exceeds the sum of the expected undiscounted cash flows of the asset. The projection of future cash flows used in this analysis
requires the use of judgment and a number of estimates and projections of future operating results. If actual results differ from Company
estimates, additional charges for asset impairments may be required in the future. If impairment charges are significant, our financial
results could be negatively affected. 

Mineral
Resource and Mineral Reserve Estimation Risks 

Mineral
Resources and Mineral Reserves figures are estimates only. Estimated tonnages and grades may not be achieved if the projects are brought
into production; differences in grades and tonnage could be material; and, estimated levels of recovery may not be realized. The estimation
of Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves carries with it many inherent uncertainties, of which many are outside the control of the Company.
Estimation is by its very nature a subjective process, which is based on the quality and quantity of available data, engineering assumptions,
geological interpretation and judgements used in the engineering and estimation processes. Estimates may also need to be revised based
on changes to underlying assumptions, such as commodity prices, drilling results, metallurgical testing, production, and changes to mine
plans of operation. Any material decreases in estimates of Mineral Resources or Mineral Reserves, or an inability to extract Mineral
Reserves could have a material adverse effect on the Company, its business, results of operations and financial position. 

Any
estimates of Inferred Mineral Resources are also subject to a high degree of uncertainty and may require a significant amount of exploration
work to determine if they can be upgraded to a higher confidence category. Risks associated with upgrading the Tonopah project to a higher
confidence category include the accuracy of fault modeling and offset of lithium-hosting lithologies on western-side of mineral resource,
the lack of project-specific lithologic density data, the accuracy of processing cost used in the pit optimization to define the resource
which can potentially affect resource cut-off grades, and the large fluctuations in commodity prices which can potentially affect resource
cut-off grades. 

Water
Management Risks 

Water
management regulations are in place in Nevada where the Company s projects are located. As such, the Company must obtain sufficient
water rights and transfer those rights such that they may be used for planned recycling and extraction projects. The Company s
flowsheets are designed and/or being designed to lower the use of water to the extent possible by incorporating recycling technologies.
The availability of water and pricing of water rights are risks that may be heightened by the potential effects of climate change and
could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. 

14 

Climate
Change Risks 

The
introduction of climate change legislation is an increasing focus of various levels of government worldwide. The Company is committed
to developing its business with a view to contributing to the low carbon economy. This includes incorporating sustainable energy sources
and minimizing the use of non-renewable sources of energy to the extent that renewable sources are available with sufficient capacity,
at cost effective pricing and that are complementary to the facilities and site design. However, the use of such low carbon technologies
may be more costly in certain instances than non-renewable options in the near-term, or may result in higher design costs, long-term
maintenance costs or replacement costs. Additionally, if the trend toward increasing regulations continues, the Company may face increasing
operating costs at its projects to comply with these changing regulations. Until then, the Company views the risk of occurrence of such
litigation as being low. 

Risk
of Future Losses and Lack of Profitability 

The
Company anticipates it will continue to have negative cash flow from operating activities in future periods until profitable commercial
production is achieved. Although the Company has cash on hand and access to additional cash, the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern and the depletion of its capital will be dependent upon its ability to generate profits from its proposed operations,
or to raise capital through equity or debt financing to continue to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal
business operations when they come due. 

Intellectual
Property Risks 

The
Company relies on the ability to protect its intellectual property rights and depends on patent, trademark and trade secret legislation
to protect its proprietary know-how. There is no assurance that the Company has adequately protected or will be able to adequately protect
its valuable intellectual property rights or will at all times have access to all intellectual property rights that are required to conduct
its business or pursue its strategies, or that the Company will be able to adequately protect itself against any intellectual property
infringement claims. There is also a risk that the Company s competitors could independently develop similar technology, processes
or know-how; that the Company s trade secrets could be revealed to third parties; that any current or future patents, pending or
granted, will be broad enough to protect the Company s intellectual property rights; or, that foreign intellectual property laws
will adequately protect such rights. The inability to protect the Company s intellectual property could have a material adverse
effect on the Company s business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, the applied science industry is
characterized by frequent allegations of intellectual property infringement. Though we do not expect to be subject to any of these allegations,
any allegation of infringement could be time consuming and expensive to defend or resolve, result in substantial diversion of management
resources, cause suspension of operations or force us to enter into royalty, license, or other agreement, rather than dispute the merits
of such allegation. If patent holders or other holders of intellectual property initiate legal proceedings, we may be forced into protracted
and costly litigation. We may not be successful in defending such litigation and may not be able to procure any required royalty or license
agreements on acceptable terms or at all. 

Risk
of Defects in Title 

We
have investigated our rights to the assets we have purchased and developed, and, to the best of our knowledge, those rights are in good
standing. However, no assurance can be given that such rights will not be revoked, or significantly altered, to our detriment. There
can also be no assurance that our rights will not be challenged or impugned by third parties, including by governments and non-governmental
organizations. 

Risks
Related to Research, and Development, and Changing Technology 

Our
research and development efforts may not succeed in addressing changes in our customers needs, and our competitors may develop
more effective or successful products. The development and adoption of new battery technologies could rely on inputs other than lithium
compounds which could significantly impact our prospects and future revenues. 

Current
and next generation high energy density batteries for use in electric vehicles rely on lithium compounds as a critical input. The pace
of advances in current battery technologies, the development and adoption of new battery technologies that rely on inputs other than
lithium compounds, or a delay in the development and adoption of next generation high nickel battery technologies that utilize lithium
hydroxide could significantly impact our prospects and future revenues. Many materials and technologies are being researched and developed
with the goal of making batteries lighter, more efficient, faster charging and less expensive. Some of these could be less reliant on
lithium hydroxide or other lithium compounds, especially if the demand for batteries for use in electric vehicles outstrips the available
supply of lithium hydroxide or other lithium compounds. We cannot predict which new technologies may ultimately prove to be commercially
viable and their share in the overall mix over any time horizon. Commercialized battery technologies that use less lithium compounds
could materially and adversely impact our prospects and future revenues. 

Joint
Venture, Acquisition and Strategic Alliance Risks 

Our
business strategy includes, in part, entering into joint ventures, acquisitions, and strategic alliances with parties involved in the
manufacture and recycling of lithium-ion products. Failure to successfully identify or integrate such joint ventures, acquisitions or
strategic alliances into our operations could adversely affect our business. Joint ventures, acquisitions and strategic alliances may
involve significant other risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management s attention away from normal business operations,
insufficient revenue generation to offset liabilities assumed and expenses associated with the transaction, and unidentified issues not
discovered in our due diligence process, such as product quality, technology issues and legal contingencies. In addition, we may be unable
to effectively integrate any such initiatives into our operations. Our operating results could be adversely affected by any problems
arising during or from such activity. 

15 

Risks
of Relying on Consultants 

The
Company has relied on, and may continue to rely on, consultants and others for mineral exploration and exploitation expertise. The Company
believes that those consultants are competent and that they have carried out their work in accordance with internationally recognized
industry standards. However, if the work conducted by those consultants is ultimately found to be incorrect or inadequate in any material
respect, the Company may experience delays or increased costs in developing its properties. 

Risk
of No Dividends 

The
Company has not paid dividends on its Common Shares since incorporation, and currently has no ability to generate earnings as it is pre-revenue.
The Company anticipates that it will retain its earnings and other cash resources for future operations and the ongoing development of
its business. As such, the Company does not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Payment of any future
dividends is solely at the discretion of the Board, which will take into account many factors including the Company s operating
results, financial condition and anticipated cash needs. 

Information
Technology and Cybersecurity Risks 

Threats
to information technology systems associated with cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents or attacks continue to grow and evolve in
terms of severity and sophistication, particularly with the increase in remote work that began during the COVID-19 pandemic. A
cybersecurity attack has the potential to compromise the business, financial and other systems of the Company, and could go
unnoticed for some time. Risks associated with cybersecurity threats include, among other things, loss of intellectual property,
disruption of business operations and safety procedures, loss or damage to worksite data delivery systems, privacy and
confidentiality breaches, and increased costs and time to prevent, respond to or mitigate cybersecurity incidents. The Company has
implemented a cybersecurity policy and provided training to its personnel as mitigation measures. System and network maintenance,
upgrades and similar best practices are also followed. However, despite these measures, the occurrence of a significant
cybersecurity incident could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and result in a prolonged disruption to
it. 

Talent
Risk 

The
Company highly values the contributions of its key personnel. The success of the Company continues to depend largely upon the performance
of key officers, employees and consultants who have advanced the Company to its current stage of development and contributed to its potential
for future growth. The market for qualified talent has become increasingly competitive, with shortages of qualified talent relative to
the number of available opportunities being experienced in all markets where the Company conducts its operations. The ability to remain
competitive by offering higher compensation packages and programs for growth and development of personnel, with a view to retaining existing
talent and attracting new talent, has become increasingly important to the Company and its operations in the current climate. Any prolonged
inability to retain key individuals, or to attract and retain new talent as the Company grows, could have a material adverse effect upon
the Company s growth potential and prospects. 

Additionally,
the Company has not purchased any key-man insurance for any of its directors, officers or key employees and currently has
no plans to do so. 

Implementation
of Business Plan Risks 

Our
ability to successfully implement our business plan requires an effective planning and management process. If funding is available, we
may elect to increase the scope of our operations and acquire complementary businesses. Implementing our business plan will require significant
additional funding and resources. If we grow our operations, we will need to hire additional employees and make significant capital investments.
If we grow our operations, it will place a significant strain on our existing management and resources. Additionally, we will need to
improve our financial and managerial controls and reporting systems and procedures, and we will need to expand, train and manage our
workforce. Any failure to manage any of the foregoing areas efficiently and effectively would cause our business to suffer. 

Risk
of Failure of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
reporting obligations as a public company place a significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources and systems.
If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we could experience delays or inaccuracies in
our reporting of financial information, or non-compliance with the Commission, reporting and other regulatory requirements. This could
subject us to regulatory scrutiny and result in a loss of public confidence in our management, which could, among other things, cause
our stock price to drop. 

16 

Risks
of Legal Proceedings 

The
Company may be subject to a variety of regulatory requirements, and resulting investigations, claims, lawsuits and other proceedings
in the ordinary course of its business, as a result of its status as a publicly traded company and because of its mining exploration
and development business. Litigation related to environmental and climate change-related matters, ESG disclosure, and securities class
actions arising from share price volatility is also on the rise. The occurrence and outcome of any legal proceedings cannot be predicted
with any reasonable degree of certainty due to the inherently uncertain nature of litigation, including the effects of discovery of new
evidence or advancement of new legal theories, the difficulty of predicting decisions of judges and juries and the possibility that decisions
may be reversed on appeal. Defense and settlement costs of legal claims can be substantial, even with respect to claims that are determined
to have little or no merit. 

Litigation
may be costly and time-consuming and can divert the attention of management and key personnel away from day-to-day business operations.
The Company and its projects are, from time to time, subject to legal proceedings or the threat of legal proceedings. If the Company
were to be unsuccessful in defending any such claims against it, or unable to settle claims on a satisfactory basis, the Company may
be faced with significant monetary damages, injunctive relief or other negative impacts that could have a material adverse effect on
the Company s business and financial condition. To the extent the Company is involved in any active litigation, the outcome of
such matters may not be determinable, and it may not be possible to accurately predict the outcome or quantum of any such proceedings
at a given time. 

Changes to Tax Laws and Other Tax Risks 

Changes
to U.S. tax laws could adversely affect the Company or holders of the Common Shares. In recent years, many changes to U.S. federal income
tax laws have been proposed and made, and additional changes to U.S. federal income tax laws are likely to continue to occur in the future. 

We are subject to review and audit by U.S. federal,
state, local tax authorities. Tax authorities may disagree with or challenge tax positions we take, which if successful could harm our
business. We may be subject to additional tax liabilities due to changes in non-income based taxes resulting from changes in federal,
state or local tax laws, changes in taxing jurisdictions administrative interpretations, decisions, policies, and positions, results
of tax examinations, settlements, or judicial decisions, changes in accounting principles, changes to our business operations, including
acquisitions, as well as the evaluation of new information that results in a change to a tax position taken in a prior period. In the
future, the company may also be subject to foreign jurisdictions where tax law changes may pose a similar risk. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

Not
required. 

Item
2. Properties 

The
Company is engaged in the construction of a recycling plant to recycle end-of-life lithium-ion batteries and in the exploration of its lithium-bearing
claystone unpatented mining claims. To do so, the Company owns or holds long-term leases on multiple properties, all located within the
US, along with leases on laboratory facilities that support our research and development functions. In addition, the Company holds rights
to certain assets, which facilitate the effective use of our properties. We believe that all of our properties and facilities are well
maintained, effectively used, and are adequate to operate our business. Information regarding significant properties operated by us is
outlined below. 

Corporate
Headquarters 

The
Company currently leases executive offices located at 100 Washington Street, Suite 100 in Reno, Nevada, USA. The office space consists
of approximately 5,831 square feet and the lease expires November 30, 2024. 

Recycling
Operations 

McCarran,
Nevada 

The Company closed on t he
purchase of the recycling facility in August 2023, and in tandem, the Company has developed new facility and technology-specific environmental,
safety, operational standards and procedures, and is in the process of recruiting, hiring, and training of new staff in preparation for
operations. 

This
facility is in the Tahoe-Reno Industrial Center, located at 2500 Peru Drive, McCarran, Nevada, was previously utilized for the recycling
of lead-acid batteries, and was already equipped with much of the infrastructure and utility equipment necessary to implement the Company s
recycling processes, including the electrical distribution, HVAC, compressed air, water treatment, material handling, analytical
quality control, and operational control rooms. 

The facility will house the Company s first-of-kind
integrated battery recycling system which utilizes a strategic de-manufacturing and targeted chemical extraction train in order to recover
battery materials with high yields, low cost, and with a low environmental footprint. These processes are fundamentally different than
conventional methods of battery recycling, which utilize high temperature furnaces, such as smelting, or non-strategic shredding or grinding
systems. The Company s system results in battery metals separation, recovery and purification of high-value, battery-grade products
with less environmental impact and greater potential cost efficiencies than conventional methods. 

As the Company ramps up operations of its integrated recycling processes,
the facility will be commissioned in phases. In the first phase battery materials will be recycled into products including copper, aluminum,
steel, a lithium intermediate, and a black mass intermediate material. Once the second phase of this integrated recycling facility is
operational, this lithium intermediate will be further refined into a battery grade lithium hydroxide product, and the black mass intermediate
material will be further refined into battery grade nickel, cobalt, manganese, and lithium hydroxide products. 

Fernley,
Nevada 

On
August 14, 2020, the Company purchased approximately 12.44 acres of undeveloped industrial land in Fernley, Nevada in a Qualified Opportunity
Zone (QOZ). The Company began construction before prioritizing the new location in McCarran, Nevada. The Company s strategy is
to construct multiple facilities and the Fernley location is expected to be a subsequent plant. 

17 

Feedstock
Storage Fernley, Nevada 

On
July 23, 2021, the Company purchased 11.55 acres of industrial-zoned land in Fernley, Nevada. The Company intends to construct a supplemental
storage facility for recycled battery feedstock on this site. The City of Fernley has approved the City Use Permit for the site. 

Land
for Supplemental Storage McCarran, Nevada 

On
June 28, 2021, the Company purchased approximately 13.87 acres of industrial-zoned land in McCarran, Nevada. The Company intends to construct
a supplemental storage facility to store feedstock on this site. 

Water
Rights 

To
date, the Company has purchased water rights in the City of Fernley, Nevada for 3.9 million. The water rights will be used to
ensure the Company s Fernley plant will have adequate water to operate at full capacity once construction is complete. This is
expected to be a subsequent plant with the facility at McCarron, Nevada being the current priority. These water rights have an
indefinite life upon assignment to the property through use of a will-serve. 

Laboratory
Facilities 

To
support the development of both its lithium-ion battery recycling and battery metal extraction technologies, the Company operates out
of two laboratory facilities: The Center for Applied Research at the University of Nevada, Reno in Reno, Nevada and Greentown Labs in
Somerville, Massachusetts. The Company has developed long-standing partnerships with the operators of these facilities and all leases
are in good standing. 

Nevada
Center for Applied Research - Reno, Nevada 

The
Company leases laboratory and office space from the University of Nevada, Reno. As of June 30, 2023, the Company occupies five laboratories
totaling over 3,000 square feet. All laboratories and offices are housed within the Nevada Center for Applied Research (NCAR). The laboratory
space is used to advance the Company s in-house, first-of-kind developed battery metals extraction technologies for both the recycling
of spent batteries and for the manufacturing of primary battery metals from domestic-based resources. 

Greentown
Labs - Somerville, Massachusetts 

The
Company occupies office and wet chemistry laboratory space in Greentown Labs, which is the largest clean technology incubator in North
America. The Company has access to both desk and lab space at the facility. The Company was afforded this opportunity by winning the
Greentown Labs Circularity Challenge, an accelerator program for start-ups developed in partnership with BASF, one of the world s
leading chemical companies. 

Tonopah
Flats Lithium Exploration Project 

The
Company currently holds the rights to 517 Unpatented Lode Claims near Tonopah, Nevada. In addition, the Company maintains an office to
oversee these claims and the associated activity in Tonopah, Nevada. 

18 

On
September 1, 2021, the Company signed an exploration agreement with 1317038 Nevada Ltd., which gave the Company exclusive access to explore
305 Unpatented Lode Claims in the Tonopah Mining District Tonopah Flats in Nye and Esmeralda Counties, Nevada. The agreement
gave the Company the right to explore the claims for critical battery materials. The agreement also gave the Company the option to purchase
the Claims upon expiration of the exploration agreement. The Company completed its preliminary surface sampling of the property in February
2022 and proceeded with an exploration drilling program. In July 2022, the Company exercised the option to acquire the rights to those
claims. 

In
addition to signing the exploration agreement mentioned above, the Company also staked additional claims in the region surrounding the
claims included in the agreement. In total, the company holds approximately 10,340 acres in the region that it intends to explore for
economic lithium deposits. 

ABTC
began surface sampling of these claims in the Summer of 2021, and subsequently performed additional subsurface drilling programs at depths
of up to 1,430 feet totaling over 12,000 feet of exploration covering approximately 65 of its claims. The results of these initial successful
exploration programs led to the development and publication of a third-party Qualified Person (QP) audited SK-1300 compliant Inferred
Resource Report in February 2023. Based on the results, the Company disclosed its intention to continue the exploration of the deposit. 

On
July 22, 2023, the Company began a third exploration program to advance its Tonopah Flats Lithium Project. This drill program includes
core infill and step out drilling to support the evolution of its domestic resource with the goal of upgrading to a measured and
indicated resource classification. The company selected and engaged KB Drilling for the collection of infill and step out samples
for this latest drill program, which consists of sample collections from 8 additional drill holes and includes 6,500 feet of total drilling. 

Geology,
Infrastructure, and Permitting 

The
area where Tonopah Flats Lithium Exploration Project is located is known for its unique sedimentary claystone resources. The Company
is conducting geological mapping, sampling, geochemical analysis, and proprietary extraction trials to characterize these resources and
to quantify the performance of the lithium extraction and manufacturing operations. 

The
project claims are located on land that is administered by the Bureau of Land Management BLM ). The Company will retain
the surface and mineral rights to the claims if the claims remain in good standing with the BLM through the payment of annual maintenance
fees. 

The
project is located near the town of Tonopah, Nevada and is intersected by Highway 6. The project has other necessary infrastructure nearby
including access to power, additional road access, and water. In addition, there is an available workforce in Tonopah and the surrounding
area. 

A
map of the project is included in Figure 1 below. 

Figure
1: Tonopah Flats Lithium Exploration Project 

19 

Other
Mining Claims 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company no longer held any placer mining claims in Railroad Valley in Nye County, Nevada, USA. The Company has
conducted various sampling programs on the claims and has determined that no economically recoverable quantities of lithium or other
critical battery materials are present. As of the date of this report, the Company no longer holds Placer mining claims in the Panamint
mining district of southern California. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

On
August 22, 2022, John Lukrich, former Chief of Staff at the Company, filed a complaint against the Company in California state court.
The Company removed the action to federal court on diversity grounds, and the case is now pending in the United States District Court
for the Northern District of California, Case No. 3:22-cv-06690. Lukrich asserts claims for: (1) Breach of Contract (2) Failure
to Timely Pay Wages and (3) Violation of Labor Code Section 925, all related to his previous employment and associated compensation.
Lukrich seeks general damages to recover the compensation he alleges is owed to him, declaratory relief related to the terms of his Offer
Letter, attorneys fees, and costs. On November 7, 2022, the Company filed its answer to the complaint denying the allegations
and demanding a jury trial. Discovery is ongoing, and there have been no further material actions in the case since the filing of the
Company s answer. The Company believes the claims are without merit and intends to vigorously contest the allegations in the complaint. 

On
November 22, 2022, Peter Schultz, individually and as trustee of the Sunshine and Rain Asset Management Irrevocable Trust (collectively,
 Plaintiffs ), filed a complaint against the Company and Action Stock Transfer Company, Inc, in the United States District
Court for the District of Nevada, Case No. 2:22-cv-01965, alleging claims against the Company for (1) Violation of Duty to Register Certificated
shares under NRS 104-8401 et seq.; (2) Breach of Contract; (3) Conversion; (4) Breach of the Implied Covenant of Good Faith and Fair
Dealing; and (5) Injunctive Relief. Based on the complaint, this action relates to certain consulting agreements entered into by and
between the Company and Plaintiffs. Plaintiffs sought, inter alia, compensatory damages in excess of 75,000 according to proof, punitive
damages, a permanent injunction directed the Company to register certain shares, and attorneys fees and costs. The parties entered
into a settlement agreement, agreeing to dismiss the case, without monetary compensation or attorneys fees, and the Company agreed
that shares previously issued to Plaintiffs are eligible for removal of the restrictive legend. On July 11, 2023, an Order Granting Stipulation
of Dismissal with Prejudice was filed with the court. 

On
July 27, 2023, the U.S. Department of Labor Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA notified the Company that
Kimberly Eckert, former Chief Financial Officer, filed a complaint with case number 201018556 against the Company, alleging unlawful
retaliation. Ms. Eckert alleges that she was unlawfully terminated by the Company. Specifically, Ms. Eckert alleges that the Company s
board of directors terminated her in retaliation for complaining about other officers of the Company allegedly withholding financial
information from her. The Company served its response to the complaint on August 16, 2023, in order to provide OSHA with a written account
of the facts and a statement of the Company s position. The Company believes the claims are without merit and intends to vigorously
contest the allegations in the complaint. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Our
company is engaged in exploration activities that currently do not require a Mine Safety and Health Administration ID. We employ Best
Management Practices in regard to our employee and contractor s safety. 

20 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 

Market
Information 

As
of September 21, 2023, our shares of common stock are traded under the symbol ABAT on the Nasdaq Capital Market.
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Securities Transfer Corporation, 2901 N. Dallas Parkway, Suite 380,
Plano, Texas 75093. 

On
September 26, 2023, the closing price of our Common Stock as reported by Nasdaq Capital Market was 9.18 per share. 

Holders 

As
of September 26, 2023, we had approximately 150 shareholders of record, including our directors and officers. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future
earnings to support our operations and finance the growth and development of our business. We do not intend to pay cash dividends on
our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to the Company s dividend policy will be made at
the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

Stock
Awards, Warrants and Rights 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company has 7,465,736 potentially issuable shares of common stock pursuant to the dilutive factors listed below: 

5,729,360 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants with
a weighted-average exercise price of 14.53 per share; and 

1,736,376 unvested restricted share awards issued under the Company s
2021 Retention Plan the Retention Plan 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

We
did not purchase any shares of our common stock or other securities during the year ended June 30, 2023. 

21 

ITEM
6. [Reserved.] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

You should read the following discussion of our
financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included
elsewhere in this Form 10-K. The information in this discussion contains forward-looking statements and information within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited
to, statements concerning our strategy, future operations, future financial position, future revenues, projected costs, prospects and
plans and objectives of management. The words anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, 
 intends, may, plans, projects, will, would and similar
expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying
words. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements and you should not
place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and
expectations disclosed in the forward-looking statements that we make. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements, including, without limitation,
the risks set forth in our filings with the SEC. The forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date on which they are made,
and we do not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements except as required by applicable securities laws. 

Overview 

American
Battery Technology Company (the Company is a new entrant in the lithium ion battery industry that is working to
increase the domestic US production of battery materials, such as lithium, nickel, cobalt, and manganese through its exploration of new
primary resources of battery metals, development and commercialization of new technologies for the extraction of these battery metals
from primary resources, and commercialization of an internally developed integrated process for the recycling of lithium ion batteries.
Through this three pronged approach the Company is working to both increase the domestic production of these battery materials,
and to ensure spent batteries have their elemental battery metals returned to the domestic manufacturing supply chain in an economical,
environmentally-conscious, closed loop fashion. 

To
implement this business strategy, the Company is currently constructing and commissioning its first integrated lithium ion
battery recycling facility, which will take in waste and end of life battery materials from the electric vehicle,
stationary storage, and consumer electronics industries. The construction, commissioning, and operation of this facility are of the
highest priority to the Company, and as such it has significantly increased the resources devoted to its execution including the
further internal hiring of technical staff, expansion of laboratory facilities, and purchasing of equipment. The Company has been
awarded a competitively bid 2M grant from the US Advanced Battery Consortium to accelerate the development and demonstration of
this pre commercial scale integrated lithium ion battery recycling facility, and the Company has been selected for an
additional 20M grant award under the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law to validate, test, and deploy three disruptive advanced
separation and processing technologies. 

Additionally,
the Company is accelerating the demonstration and commercialization of its internally developed low cost and
low environmental impact processing train for the manufacturing of battery grade lithium hydroxide from Nevada based
sedimentary claystone resources. The Company has been awarded a 4.5M grant cooperative agreement from the US Department of
Energy s Advanced Manufacturing Office through the Critical Materials Innovation program to support the construction and
operation of a multi ton per day integrated continuous demonstration system to support the scale up and
commercialization of these technologies. The Company has been awarded an additional 115M grant award under the Bipartisan
Infrastructure Law to design, construct, and commission a first-of-kind commercial manufacturing facility to produce battery-grade
lithium hydroxide from this resource. 

22 

2023
Financial Highlights: 

During
 the period, the Company made several installments towards the acquisition of its new recycling facility. As of June 30,
 2023, the Company paid 21.0 million of cash along with committing 605,129 common shares for an estimated 5.9 million towards the
 purchase price. Together the cash and shares combine for a total purchase price of 26.9 million. On August 11, 2023, the Company
 closed on the acquisition and will present these deposits as property, plant and equipment for the fiscal quarter ending September
 30, 2023. 

As
 of June 30, 2023, the Company had total cash on hand of 2.3 million. 

During
 the first half of the fiscal year, the Company acquired mineral rights in central Nevada for 8.2 million, paid in cash. 

Cash
 from financing activities for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 decreased by 18.0 million from the prior fiscal year to 23.4
 million. 

Cash
 used for investing activities for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 totaled 36.7 million, an increase of 21.6 million when compared
 to the prior fiscal year. Investing activities include 21.9 million of cash used for the purchase of its new recycling facility
 and additional equipment in northern Nevada. 

Cash
 used in operations for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 increased by 3.2 million from the prior fiscal year to 13.4 million. 

Expenses
 recognized for shares issued for services during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 decreased by 12.4 million from the prior fiscal
 year to 9.3 million. 

The
 Company recorded 7.7 million in research and development costs for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, an increase of 6.7 million
 when compared to the prior fiscal year. The Company recorded an offset to research and development costs of 0.9 million and 0.1
 million for federal grant funds recognized for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The
 Company recognized other income for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023 of 0.2 million, consisting of land lease income, unrealized
 losses on securities held, and a gain on sale of mining claim rights. 

Components
of Statements of Operations 

Operating
Expenses 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company incurred 21.6 million of operating expenses compared to 33.7 million of operating
expenses during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease is primarily due to the items described below. 

General
and administrative expenses consist of stock-based compensation, office expenses, legal, recruitment, business development, public relations,
and general facility expenses. The Company recognizes stock-based compensation for its employees using over the requisite service period
of the employee, these costs help retain key employees while preserving cash on hand. The Company has reduced the number of common shares
it directly issues to non-employees for professional services, and thus, has recognized a 12.4 million reduction to the non-cash compensation
components on the statement of operations and statement of cash flows for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. 

Research
and development expenditures are charged to operations as incurred. These costs consist primarily of laboratory leases, supplies, salaries,
stock-based compensation, and benefits. Research and development costs for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were 7.7 million and
 1.0 million, respectively. The increase in 2023 is attributed to increased headcount and related compensation. These costs are offset
by federal grant funds it receives for grant awards that it has contracted with various federal agencies. The Company recognized an offset
to its research and development costs of 0.9 million and 0.1 million for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Exploration
costs consist primarily of drilling, assay, claim fees, field office lease and warehouse costs, personnel, stock-based compensation,
travel and other costs related to exploration of claims in central Nevada as it pursues critical battery metals in the region. 

Other
Income (Expense) 

During
the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company recognized gains of 0.3 million and 0.2 million, respectively, related to
the sale of mining claims. The Company records in other income the money receives from a land lease and unrealized loss on investment,
though immaterial to the Company s operations. 

Net
Loss 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company incurred a net loss of 21.3 million or 0.49 loss per share compared to a net loss
of 33.5 million or 0.80 loss per share during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 

23 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

At
June 30, 2023, the Company had cash of 2.3 million and total assets of
 74.7 million compared to cash of 29.0 million and total assets of 52.9 million at June 30, 2022. The decrease in cash is due to the
Company having received net proceeds of 23.4 million from financing activities, offset by 8.1 million to acquire claims in Tonopah,
Nevada, 21.9 million of deposits towards its building and related equipment and 6.8 million towards other property and equipment related
to its core business objectives. 

The
Company had total current liabilities of 13.4 million at June 30, 2023, compared to 3.1 million at June 30, 2022. The increase in current
liabilities is primarily due to the costs necessary to equip its recycling facility and prepare the facility for its intended use. Current
liabilities at June 30, 2023 includes a 6.0 million financing instrument to assist with the transportation and commissioning of its
recycling facility. 

As
of June 30, 2023 the Company had a working capital deficiency of 8.6 million compared to a positive working capital of 26.8 million
at June 30, 2022. The decrease in working capital attributed to acquisitions of property and equipment, increased operating activities
and a decrease to financing activities during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023. The Company believes its cash holdings and subsequent
financing will be sufficient to meet its future working capital needs. 

Grant
Awards 

On
August 16, 2021, the Company received a contract award for a 30-month project with a total budget of 2.0 million from the US
Advanced Battery Consortium (the USABC grant as part of a competitively bid project, through which the Company will
receive reimbursement for up to 500,000 of eligible expenditures. The objective of the contract award is for the commercial-scale
development and demonstration of an integrated lithium-ion battery recycling system, the production of battery cathode grade metal
products, the synthesis of high energy density active cathode material from these recycled battery metals, and the fabrication of
large format automotive battery cells from these recycled materials and the testing of these cells against otherwise identical cells
made from virgin sourced metals. The Company began receiving funds related to this award during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 

On
January 20, 2021, the US DOE announced that the Company had been selected for award negotiation for a three-year project with a total
budget of 4.5 million for the field demonstration of its selective leaching, targeted purification, and electro-chemical production
of battery grade lithium hydroxide from domestic claystone resources technology. Through this grant award the Company is eligible to
receive reimbursement of up to 50 of eligible expenditures, or up to 2.3 million. The prime agreement contract for this grant AMO
grant was issued with a project start date of October 1, 2021. The Company began receiving funds related to this award during the fiscal
year ended June 30, 2022. 

On
October 21, 2022, the US DOE announced that the Company has been selected for award negotiation for a five-year project with a total
budget of 115.5 million to expand domestic manufacturing of battery grade lithium hydroxide for lithium-ion batteries for electric
vehicles, a focus on domestic processing of materials and components that are currently imported from foreign countries. Through
this grant award the Company is eligible to receive reimbursement of up to 50 of eligible expenditures, or up to 57.7 million. The
prime agreement contract for this grant was issued with a project start date of September 1, 2023. The Company is expected to begin
receiving funds associated with this during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

On
November 17, 2022, the US DOE announced that the Company has been selected for award negotiation for a three-year project with a total
budget of 20.0 million to demonstrate and commercialize next generation techniques for its lithium-ion battery recycling processes to
produce low-cost and low-environmental impact domestic battery materials. Through this grant award the Company is eligible to receive
reimbursement of up to 50 of eligible expenditures, or up to 10.0 million. The Company is expected to begin receiving funds associated with this during
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024. 

Cash Flows 

For the fiscal years ended June 30: 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash Flows used in Operating Activities 
 (13,367,982 
 (10,177,994 
 
 Cash Flows used in Investing Activities 
 (36,716,761 
 (15,082,714 
 
 Cash Flows provided by Financing Activities 
 23,415,724 
 41,406,372 
 
 Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash During the Period 
 (26,669,019 
 16,145,664 

Cash
from Operating Activities. 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company used 13.4 million of
cash for operating activities as compared to 10.2 million used during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. The increase included cash
costs for engineering, research and development as well as increased exploration expenses. Increased research and development costs were
to support the development of the Company s process for the recycling of lithium-ion batteries and for the extraction of lithium
from the Company s lithium claystone mining claims. The Company has also seen a steady increase in exploration activity expenses
as it continues to evaluate its claims in the Tonopah, Nevada region. The Company also continues to see a stable increase in its general
administrative function to further support its business objectives. 

24 

Cash
from Investing Activities 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company used cash for investing
activities of 36.7 million, including acquisition costs of 28.6 million of property and equipment for its recycling facilities and 8.1
million for mineral rights acquired in Tonopah, Nevada. This is in comparison to cash used for investing activities of 15.1 million for
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022, consisting primarily of 12.9 million for construction and equipment and 2.2 million for water rights. 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company had recorded specific deposits of 26.9 million, consisting of 21.0 million of cash and 5.9 million of
common stock to acquire its new recycling facility located in McCarran, NV. On August 11, 2023, the Company closed on the acquisition
and will present these deposits as property, plant and equipment for the fiscal quarter ending September 30, 2023. 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company had total non-current assets of 69.9 million
compared to 23.0 million at June 30, 2022. The Company will continue to see an increase in investing activities as it continues to invest
heavily in its recycling and primary resource extraction activities. 

Cash
from Financing Activities 

During
the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, the Company had net cash provided by financing activities of 23.4 million compared to 41.4 million
for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. The decrease represents a decrease in the need for capital requirements while the Company nears
completion of its revenue-generating recycling facility. 

During
the period, the Company issued 433,333 shares of common stock pursuant to purchase agreements for net proceeds of 3.9 million,
of which, 0.4 million was received after June 30, 2023. 

In
March 2023, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement for the purchase and sale of 952,381 shares of common stock at
an issuance price of 10.50 per share. In addition to the issuance of common shares, the Company issued 952,381 Series A warrants
that are each exercisable into one common share of the Company at 12.00 per share for a period of five years from the date of issuance
and 952,381 Series B warrants that are each exercisable into one common share of the Company at 10.50 per share for a period
of eighteen months from the date of issuance. As part of the financing, the Company engaged a placement agent in connection with the
offering and agreed to pay the placement agent a cash fee of 7.5 of the gross proceeds of the offering, a 1 expense allowance, and
other reimbursable expenses. In addition, the Company issued 57,143 warrants to the placement agent as a commission fee, which are
exercisable at 13.13 per share for a period of five years from the date of issuance. The Company received net proceeds under this
share purchase agreement of 8.9 million. 

In May 2023, the Company entered into multiple share
purchase agreements for the purchase and sale of 476,187 common shares at an issuance price of 10.50 per share. In addition to
the issuance of common shares, the Company issued 476,187 Series A warrants that are exercisable into one common share of the Company
at 12.00 per share for a period of five years from the date of issuance and 476,187 Series B warrants that are exercisable into
one common share of the Company at 10.50 per share for a period of eighteen months from the date of issuance. The Company received net
proceeds under this share purchase agreement of 5.0 million. The Company s offering of the Units was made in reliance on the exemption
from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. The Company relied on this exemption from registration based in part
on representations made by the purchasers, including that such purchasers are accredited investors (as defined under the
Securities Act) and will resell such securities only if registered under the Securities Act or pursuant to an applicable exemption from
registration requirements. 

On May 17, 2023, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement (the Credit
Agreement with Mercuria Investments US, Inc. for pre-payment on the purchase of the Company s recycled battery metal products.
The Credit Agreement provides for an aggregate loan amount of up to 20.0 million, comprised of (i) an initial term loan in the aggregate
principal amount of 6.0 million and (ii) delayed draw term loan commitments in an aggregate amount equal to 14.0 million. Borrowings
under the Credit Agreement carry interest calculated as the secured overnight financing rate published on the Federal Reserve Bank of
New York s website, plus the applicable credit spread adjustment, based on the elected interest period, plus an applicable margin
rate of 6 . On August 30, 2023, the Company caused the repayment in full of all indebtedness, liabilities and other obligations
under, and terminated, the Credit Agreement. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

As
of June 30, 2023, we had no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future
effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenses
or capital resources that are material to stockholders. 

25 

Working
Capital 

June
 30, 2023 
 June
 30, 2022 
 
 Current Assets 
 4,753,588 
 29,888,992 
 
 Current Liabilities 
 13,389,864 
 3,052,141 
 
 Working Capital 
 (8,636,276 
 26,836,851 

Future
Financings 

We will continue to rely on sales of our common shares,
debt, or other financing to fund our business operations. Issuances of additional shares will result in dilution to existing stockholders.
There is no assurance that we will achieve any additional sales of the securities or arrange for debt or other financing to fund planned
operating activities, acquisitions and exploration activities. 

Going
Concern 

At
the Company s current operating levels and capital usage, we believe that without any further acquisition or investments our aggregate
cash, cash equivalents, and funds raised during August 2023, would allow us to fund our operations through at least 12 months from issuance
of these financial statements. The continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon generating profit from operations
and its ability to identify future investment opportunities and obtain any necessary debt or equity financing. In our filing for the
period ended March 31, 2023, it was noted that uncertainties raise substantial doubt as to the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern for 12 months. Considering the recycling plant has since progressed and is near operational, the Company has since obtained
financing, and additional financing options are available, the Company has concluded that the substantial doubt of its ability to continue
as a going concern has been alleviated. 

Item
7a. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not
Applicable. 

26 

Item
 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

AMERICAN
BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY 

Consolidated
Financial Statements 

For
the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023, and June 30, 2022 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

27 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 

 American
Battery Technology Company 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of American Battery Technology Company (the Company as of June
30, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended June 30, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our
opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2023
and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended June 30, 2023, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit s . We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S.
federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/

Marcum
LLP 

 PCAOB
ID # 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

September
27, 2023 

F- 1 

AMERICAN
BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

June
 30, 2023 
 June
 30, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Investments 

Inventory (Note 3) 

Grants receivable (Note 4) 

Prepaid expenses and deposits 

Subscription receivable 

Total current assets 

Other deposits (Note 5) 

Property and equipment, net (Note 6) 

Mining properties (Note 7) 

Intangible assets (Note 8) 

Right-of-use asset (Note
 11) 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (Note
 9) 

Notes payable (Note 10) 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term liabilities
 (Note 11) 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) 
 - 
 - 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Series A Preferred Stock
 Authorized: preferred shares, par value of per share; Issued and outstanding: nil preferred shares 

Series B Preferred Stock
 Authorized: preferred shares, par value of per share; Issued and outstanding: nil preferred shares 

Series C Preferred Stock
 Authorized: preferred shares, par value of per share; Issued and outstanding: nil preferred shares 

Preferred Stock 

Common Stock Authorized: 
 common shares, par value of per share; Issued and outstanding: and common shares as of June 30, 2023
 and June 30, 2022, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Common stock issuable 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders 
 equity 

Total liabilities and
 stockholders equity 

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 2 

AMERICAN
BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

Fiscal
 year ended June 30, 2023 
 Fiscal
 year ended June 30, 2022 

Operating expenses 

General and
 administrative 

Research and development 

Exploration 

Impairment
 of assets (Note 6) 

Total operating expenses 

Net loss before other
 income (expense) 

Other income (expense) 

Accretion and interest
 expense 

Unrealized loss on investment 

Gain on sale of mining
 claims 

Other
 income 

Total other income 

Net loss attributable
 to common stockholders 

Net loss per share,
 basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 3 

AMERICAN
BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity 

Number 
 Amount 
 Number 
 Amount 
 Number 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Issuable 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Series A 
 Preferred Shares 
 Series C 
 Preferred Shares 
 Common
 Shares 
 Additional
 Paid-In 
 Common
 Stock 
 Accumulated 

Number 
 Amount 
 Number 
 Amount 
 Number 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Issuable 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance, June 30, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Shares issued for services 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Shares issued upon vesting of share-based awards 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Stock-based compensation expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Shares issued pursuant to share purchase agreement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 3,908,9234 

Shares issued towards plant acquisition 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Shares
 issued pursuant to registration statement 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Shares issued from private placement, net of
 issuance costs 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Shares reclaimed from former service
 provider 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 

Net loss for the period 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, June 30, 2023 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 4 

AMERICAN
BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY 

 Consolidated
Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Series A 
 Preferred Shares 
 Series C 
 Preferred Shares 
 Common
 Shares 
 Additional
 Paid-In 
 Common
 Stock 
 Accumulated 

Number 
 Amount 
 Number 
 Amount 
 Number 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Issuable 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Balance, June 30, 2021 

Balance 

Shares issued for services 

Shares issued upon vesting of share-based awards 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Shares withheld from employees for tax remittance 

Shares reclaimed from former executive 

- 

Net shares reclaimed as part of legal settlements 

Shares issued for exercise of warrants 

Shares issued from private placement, net of
 issuance costs 

Shares issued pursuant to Series C preferred
 shares conversion 

Redemption of Series A preferred shares 

Shares issued pursuant to share purchase agreement 

Net loss for the period 

Dividends declared 

Balance, June 30, 2022 

Balance 

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 5 

AMERICAN
BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

Fiscal
 year ended June 30, 2023 
 Fiscal
 year ended June 30, 2022 

Operating Activities 

Net loss
 attributable to stockholders 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
 used in operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Amortization of right-of-use asset 

Unrealized loss on investment 

Loss on impairment 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 

Shares issued for professional services 

Expense recognized pursuant to legal action 
 - 

Shares issued to settle mining claims 
 - 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Inventory 
 
 - 
 
 Other receivables 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid expenses and deposits 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Due to related parties 
 - 

Net Cash Used in Operating
 Activities 

Investing Activities 

Other acquisition deposits 
 
 - 
 
 Acquisition of property and equipment 

Purchase of mining properties 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of water rights/intangible
 assets 
 - 

Net Cash Used in Investing
 Activities 

Financing Activities 

Dividends paid 
 - 

Purchase of shares from employees 
 - 

Proceeds from exercise of share purchase warrants 
 - 

Principal paid on notes payable 
 
 - 
 
 Proceeds from issuance of common shares, net
 of issuance costs 

Proceeds from share purchase agreements 

Net Cash Provided by
 Financing Activities 

Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of Period 

Cash End of Period 

Supplemental disclosures (Note 15) 

(The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements) 

F- 6 

AMERICAN
BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For
the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and June 30, 2022 

million and used cash of million for operating activities.
At June 30, 2023, the Company has an accumulated deficit of million. 

The
Company believes its cash holdings and subsequent funds raised, as further described in Note 18, will be sufficient to meet its future working capital needs. The Company
cannot give assurance that it can increase its cash balances or limit its cash consumption and thus maintain sufficient cash balances
for its planned operations. The Company may need to raise additional capital in the future. However, the Company cannot assure that it
will be able to raise additional capital on acceptable terms, or at all. Management believes that the Company has sufficient capital
and liquidity to fund its operations for at least one year from the date of issuance of the accompanying financial statements. 

reverse stock
split with respect to the issued and outstanding shares of common stock. All share and per-share amounts included in this Form 10-K are
presented as if the stock split had been effective from the beginning of the earliest period presented. 

. 

The
recoverability of assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected
to be generated by an asset. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized
as the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value of the asset. The estimated fair value is determined using
a discounted cash flow analysis. Any impairment in value is recognized as an expense in the period when the impairment occurs. 

Expenses
for major repairs and maintenance which extend the useful lives of property and equipment are capitalized. All other maintenance expenses,
including planned major maintenance activities, are expensed as incurred. Gains or losses from property disposals are included in income
or loss from operations. 

ASC
930-805, Extractive Activities-Mining: Business Combinations, states that mineral rights consist of the legal right to
explore, extract, and retain at least a portion of the benefits from mineral deposits. Mining assets include mineral rights which are
considered tangible assets under ASC 930-805. ASC 930-805 requires that mineral rights be recognized at fair value as of the acquisition
date. As a result, the direct costs to acquire mineral rights are initially capitalized as tangible assets. Mineral rights include costs
associated with acquiring patented and unpatented mining claims. 

potentially dilutive shares
outstanding, consisting of warrants and share awards outstanding. 

- 

as of June 30, 2023 and 
as of June 30, 2022. 

million. Contemporaneously
with the signing of the APA, the Company and Linico entered into another agreement, the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement MIPA ),
whereby the Company would acquire of the membership interests in Aqua Metals Transfer, LLC, principally real property consisting
of land and building for an aggregate purchase price of million. Once completed, the aggregate total of million worth of
deposits will be bifurcated into both real and personal property categories, inclusive of both agreements. As of June 30, 2023, the Company
has made payments of million in cash and issued shares of common stock as part of the purchase price under the agreement. 

On
June 30, 2023, the Company and Seller entered into an amendment to the MIPA. Pursuant to the terms of the amended agreement, the
parties agreed to (i) remove the requirement that 
million of the purchase price be held in escrow for the settlement of indemnification claims, (ii) transfer back to the Company 
common shares, previously issued by the Company, in exchange for the elimination of such indemnification escrow, (iii) add a purchase
price adjustment to the extent that, as of a specified value test date, the value of the portion of the purchase price comprised of
shares does not equal at least 
million, (iv) provide for an interim water rights agreement through the final purchase price payment date, (iv) advance the closing
date to as soon as practicable after the declaration of effectiveness of the resale registration statement on Form S-3 filed by the
Company for the resale of shares by Seller or its affiliates, and (v) remove the deadline to close the acquisition by June 30,
2023. 

The Company evaluated the purchase price adjustment under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, and determined it to
be a make-whole provision, which is an embedded derivative within the host instrument. As the economic characteristics are dissimilar
to the host instrument, the value of the guarantee was bifurcated from the host instrument. 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company has recorded million for deposits its made towards both real and personal property acquired
during the first fiscal quarter of 2024. This amount has been presented as investing activities on the consolidated statements of cash
flows for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

Additions 

- 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

Accumulated
 Depreciation: 

Balance, June 30, 2022 
 - 
 
 - 

Additions 
 - 
 
 - 

Balance, June 30, 2023 
 - 
 
 - 

Carrying
 Amounts: 

Balance, June 30, 2022 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

The
building and equipment expenditures are primarily associated with assets under construction and are not commissioned for use as of June
30, 2023. 

In February 2021, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase land with a fair value of located in
Tonopah, NV in exchange for an agreed-upon number of common shares though the transaction had not cleared escrow. In September 2021,
the Company later issued the shares whereby the stock price had increased. To correct the carrying value, the Company recognized impairment
expense of for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022 once title transfer occurred. 

million, of which million was recorded in Prepaid expenses and deposits at June 30, 2022. 

million. The water rights are treated in accordance with ASC 350,
Intangible Assets, and have an unlimited useful life upon assignment to a property through use of a will-serve, which has no expiration
date. The table below presents total intangible assets at June 30: 

Accrued fixed assets 

Accrued expenses 

Right-of-use liability, current 

Total accounts payable
 and accrued liabilities 

As of June 30, 2023,
the Company had a significant construction supplier that accounted for 
of the total accounts payable and accrued liabilities balance. 

million, comprised of (i) an initial term loan in the aggregate principal amount of 
million and (ii) delayed draw term loan commitments in an aggregate amount equal to 
million. The agreement contains provisions that allow the Company to remit principal and
interest payments via future delivery of its initial recycling byproduct, black mass. 

The entirety of the note and related interest was paid in full pursuant
to its new financing agreement entered into subsequent to June 30, 2023, as further described in Note 18. 

for the period ending June 30, 2023, based primarily on historical
lending agreements. ROU assets include lease payments required to be made prior to commencement and exclude lease incentives. Both ROU
assets and the related lease liability exclude variable payments not based on an index or rate, which are treated as period costs. The
Company s lease agreements do not contain significant residual value guarantees, restrictions, or covenants. 

The
Company occupies office facilities under lease agreements that expire at various dates, many of which do not exceed a year in length.
Total operating lease costs for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, were approximately and . The Company does not have
any finance leases as of June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

As
of June 30, 2023, short term lease liabilities of are included in Accounts payable and accrued liabilities on
the consolidated balance sheets. The table below presents total operating lease ROU assets and lease liabilities at June 30: 

Operating lease liabilities 

June 30, 2025 

Total lease payments 

Less: discount 

Total operating lease
 liabilities 

Short-term operating lease liability 

Long-term operating lease liability 

Weighted average discount rate 

shares of preferred stock. Of this amount the Company has designated a total of shares to three classes of preferred stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Preferred Stock and Series C Preferred Stock.
A description of each class of preferred stock is listed below. 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

The
Company has 
shares of Series A Preferred Stock authorized with a par value of . . On August 25, 2021, the Board approved a
resolution to retire all the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock. On January 27, 2022, the Company redeemed all outstanding shares
of Series A Preferred Stock. The Company had nil 
shares of Series A Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

At June 30, 2023 and 2022, the
Company has 
shares of Series B Preferred Stock authorized with a par value of .
The Company had nil 
shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Series
C Preferred Stock 

At
June 30, 2023 and 2022, the Company has shares of Series C Preferred Stock authorized with a par value of . The Company
had nil shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

On
December 18, 2020, the Company issued units
of Series C Preferred Stock shares
of Series C Preferred Stock) at per
unit for proceeds of approximately million.
Each unit is comprised of approximately shares
of Series C Preferred Stock, each convertible into approximately
 shares of common stock, and a warrant
to purchase approximately
 common shares of the Company at
 per
share until . On February 2, 2022, the Company
issued a Mandatory Conversion Notice to the remaining Series C Preferred stockholders. The notice converts all outstanding shares of
Series C Preferred Stock to common stock at a conversion ratio of approximately five shares
of common stock for each share of Series C Preferred Stock. Each holder of Series C Preferred Stock was entitled to receive a
non-cumulative dividend at an 
rate per share, per annum. On February 8, 2022, the Company issued million
in dividend payments to Series C stockholders that held shares from date of issuance to conversion. 

Common
Stock 

At
June 30, 2023 and 2022, 
million shares of common stock are authorized, with a par value of , per share. 

Fiscal
year ended June 30, 2023 

During
the period, the Company issued 
common shares with an issuance date fair value of 
million to executives, directors and employees pursuant to share award service and performance achievements. These common shares
were under the Company s Retention Plan. 

During the period, the Company
issued 
common shares with a fair value of approximately 
million towards the acquisition of its new recycling facility. These shares have recently been registered to be sold under the
Company s shelf S-3, effective August 8, 2023. Considering the lack of marketability at the time of issuance, the shares were
issued with approximately a discount. This was in line with the Company s fair value analysis, given that the shares were
restricted at the time of issuance. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, the Company agreed to acquire 
of the ownership interests in Aqua Metals Transfer, LLC, a legal entity to transfer real property and equipment, in exchange for a
combination of cash and common shares of our common stock. We also agreed to prepare and file a registration statement with the SEC
to register the resale of the common shares issued, which will be held by an affiliate of LiNiCo, Comstock Inc., a Nevada
corporation, the seller. Pursuant to the original purchase agreement, LiNiCo had an obligation to indemnify us for certain matters
and to fund an escrow account for the purposes in the event such indemnification events arise. The seller was required to contribute
 
million of the net proceeds it receives from its sale of shares to fund the indemnification escrow account. On June 30, 2023, the
Company modified the agreement to nullify the 
million indemnification requirement and reclaim 
shares that it had previously issued to the Selling Stockholder, which it received after June 30, 2023. The Company has recognized a
 
million reduction to the carrying value of its long-term deposits and a respective reduction to stockholders equity, at June
30, 2023. 

In
March 2023, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement for the purchase and sale of common shares at an issuance
price of per share. In addition to the issuance of common shares, the Company issued Series A warrants that are exercisable
into one common share of the Company at per share for a period of five years from the date of issuance and Series
B warrants that are exercisable into one common share of the Company at per share for a period of eighteen months from the date
of issuance. In addition,
the Company issued warrants to the placement agent as a commission fee, which are exercisable at per share for a period
of five years from the date of issuance. The Company received net proceeds under this share purchase agreement of million. 

In
May 2023, the Company entered into multiple share purchase agreements for the purchase and sale of 
 million common shares at an issuance price of
 
 per share. In addition to the issuance of common
shares, the Company issued 
 Series A warrants that are exercisable
into one common share of the Company at 
 per share for a period of five years from the
date of issuance and 
 Series B warrants that are exercisable
into one common share of the Company at 
 per share for a period of eighteen months from
the date of issuance. The Company received net proceeds under this share purchase agreement of 
 million. 

On
May 12, 2023, the Company entered into the First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (the
 Amendment ), which amended the Purchase Agreement, for the purchase of the Recycling Facility. Under the Amendment, the
Selling Stockholder required the Company to deliver an additional common shares of the Company to LiNiCo, resulting in the
Company issuing a total of shares of common stock as part of the purchase price under the Agreements and Amendment, though. 

On April 2, 2021, the Company
entered into a common share purchase agreement with Tysadco Partners, LLC Tysadco Agreement ). Pursuant to the . Under this agreement and during the period, the Company issued 
common shares for aggregate proceeds of 
million. 

Fiscal
year ended June 30, 2023 

On June 26, 2023, the Company
filed a prospectus supplement related to the offer and sale from time to time of up to 
common shares directly by the Company at market prices, or to Tysadco Partners, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, pursuant
to the terms of written sales agreement(s) June Prospectus ). During the period, the Company
issued common
shares. Proceeds of million were received after the consolidated balance sheet date of June 30, 2023. 

During
the period, the Company issued 
shares to professional service providers with a fair value of approximately , however, relates to services performed during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. 

On
May 17, 2023, the Company reclaimed common shares from a former professional service provider. The Company recorded an adjustment
to stockholders equity for the par value of these shares. 

Fiscal
year ended June 30, 2022 

During
the period, the Company issued common shares pursuant to the conversion of shares of Series C Preferred Stock at
a conversion ratio of shares of common stock for each preferred share of Series C Preferred Stock. 

During
the period, the Company issued units for proceeds of million pursuant to a private placement issuance at per
share. Each unit is comprised of one common share of the Company and one share purchase warrant, where each share purchase warrant is
exercisable into one common share of the Company at per share, exercisable for a period of five years from the issuance date. As
part of the financing, the Company paid million of share issuance costs and issued warrants as a commission fee, which
are exercisable at per common share for a period of three years from the date of the issuance. The fair value of the commission
warrants was million and was determined based on the Black-Scholes option pricing model assuming volatility of , risk-free rate
of , expected life of , and no expected forfeitures or dividends. 

During
the period, the Company issued common shares pursuant to the aforementioned Tysadco Agreement, entered into on April
2, 2021, for aggregate proceeds of million. The Tysadco Agreement expired March 31, 2023. 

During
the period, the Company issued million common shares pursuant to the exercise of million share purchase warrants for proceeds
of 
 million. 

During
the period, the Company issued common shares for professional services with a fair value of million, including common shares with a fair value of million to former officers and directors of the Company and common shares with
a fair value of million to current officers and directors of the Company. At June 30, 2022, the Company had shares of common stock with
a fair value of million for professional services due to non-employees and an executive of the Company. 

During
the period, the Company issued shares with an issuance date fair value of million to employees under the Retention Plan. 

During
the period, the Company and a former executive agreed to reclaim common shares, for no consideration. The Company recorded
an adjustment to stockholders equity for the par value of these shares. 

During
the period, the Company reclaimed common shares from a former executive of the Company, for no consideration. These shares
were previously issued via an arms-length transaction between former executives of the Company. The Company recorded an adjustment to
stockholders equity for the par value of these shares. Contemporaneously, the Company issued shares with a fair value
of million pursuant to a legal settlement with the former executive. The Company has recorded an adjustment to stockholders 
equity for the fair market value at the time of issuance. 

During
the period, the Company reclaimed common shares, pursuant to a legal settlement from a prior year. The share certificate was received
and remitted to the transfer agent during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2022. The Company recorded an adjustment to stockholders 
equity for the par value of these shares. 

, however the resulting common shares were issued after year-end, during the first fiscal quarter ending
September 30, 2023. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance, June 30, 2023 

- 

- 

- 

per annum. 

Under the Retention Plan, the
Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock to employees and non-employees up to ten percent of the total number of shares of common
stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022, on a fully diluted basis. 

The
Company granted 
and 
share awards under the Retention Plan for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The grant date fair value of
the share awards granted were 
million and 
million for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Of these amounts, 
and 
share awards with a fair value of 
million and 
million were granted to officers and directors of the Company for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 respectively. As of June 30, 2023 additional performance targets have been defined, though
not achieved, therefore the Company has deferred any expense recognition until such performance achievement and also been approved by
the board of directors. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeitures 

Unvested
 awards at June 30, 2023 

As
awards are granted, stock-based compensation equivalent to the fair market value on the date of grant is expensed over the requisite
service period, using the graded vesting attribution method as acceptable under ASC 718, Stock-Based Compensation. 

The
Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of 
 million and 
 million for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023
and 2022, respectively. Of these amounts, 
 million and million of expense was recognized on behalf of awards held by officers
and directors of the Company for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

As
of June 30, 2023 and 2022, there were approximately million and million of unamortized expenses relating to outstanding share
awards to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of years and years, respectively. 

Research and development 
 
 - 
 
 Exploration 
 
 - 
 
 Stock-based compensation
 expense 

Executive
officers and selected other key employees are eligible to receive common share performance-based awards, as determined by the board of
directors. The payouts, in the form of share awards, vary based on the degree to which corporate operating objectives are met. These
performance-based awards typically include a service-based requirement, which a generally four-years. No granting of these awards occurs
until performance thresholds are achieved. The Company has granted million and nil performance-based awards to officers and employees
of the Company for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company grants awards at the time of reaching such
performance targets. 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Current liabilities associated with investing activities 

Deposits
 capitalized to investing activities 

Fair
 value of common shares issued for investing activities 

Other
 receivables recognized as financing activities 

Fair value of lease liabilities capitalized during period 

is the only applicable corporate tax rate used for fiscal years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022. The statutory rate differs from
the Company s computed expected tax recovery rate due to the following adjustments for the fiscal years ended June
30: 

Statutory rate 

Computed expected tax recovery 

Section
 162(m) adjustments 

Other permanent tax differences 

Adjustments to net operating loss 

Change in unrecognized tax benefits 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

As
of June 30, 2023, the Company had accumulated 
million of net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards offset taxable income in future years. The Company currently has 
million of unused NOL carryforwards that are set to begin to , with the remainder of 
million do not have an expiration date. The Company files U.S. income tax returns with varying statutes of limitations. The tax returns for fiscal years
ended September 30, 2016, to June 30, 2023, remain open to examination due to the Company s NOL carryforward deferred tax asset.
The Company is not under examination by any tax authority as of June 30, 2023. 

We believe that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain NOL carryforwards will not be realized.
At June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, we have provided a valuation allowance of and million on the deferred tax assets recorded
to date. If our assumptions change and we determine that we will be able to realize these NOL carryforward amounts, the Company will adjust
its disclosures appropriately. 

Stock-based compensation 

Section 174 capitalization 

Other temporary differences 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, research and development costs are no longer fully deductible and are required
to be capitalized and amortized for U.S. tax purposes effective for fiscal years beginning after January 1, 2022. The mandatory capitalization
requirement increases our deferred tax assets and is fully offset with the valuation allowance. 

Decrease during the period 

Increase during the period 

Unrecognized tax benefits,
 end of period 

At June 30, 2022, the Company recorded an UTP related to shares issued to service providers during open tax years.
The Company has since filed all necessary tax returns and has paid approximately in penalties and interest remediating past-due
payroll tax requirements, for which the Company had accrued at June 30, 2022. At June 30, 2023, the Company has no remaining UTP recorded
in relation to shares issued for services. 

The
Company recognizes that it may be subject to provisions of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, which limits the
deductibility of compensation paid to certain executive officers in excess of million in any fiscal year. The Company continues
to evaluate whether any amended income tax returns are necessary for fiscal years for which it has already filed. The Company
intends to immediately remedy any such uncertainty of tax benefit in the coming fiscal year. The Company has not accrued for any
penalties or interest in relation to any potential 162(m) UTP adjustment at June 30, 2023 and 2022. 

Under
Section 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, the Company s ability to utilize carryforwards and other
tax attributes such as foreign tax credits, in any taxable fiscal year may be limited if the Company experiences, or has experienced,
an ownership change. A Section 382 ownership change generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups
of stockholders, who own at least 5 of the Company s stock, increase their ownership percentage by more than 50 percentage points
over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. The Company
may, in the future experience one or more additional Section 382 ownership changes. 

The
Company files U.S. and state income tax returns with varying statutes of limitations. The tax returns for fiscal years ended
September 30, 2016, to June 30, 2023, remain open to examination due to the carryover of unused NOL carryforwards and tax credits.
The Company is not under examination by any tax authority as of June 30, 2023. 

, for which the Company is legally required to satisfy its financial assurance obligations for its mining properties in
Tonopah, Nevada. The Company was previously released of all of its liability in the Railroad Valley region of Nevada. 

million
of a new series of senior secured convertible notes (the Notes ). To date, million has been received. The
Notes bear zero coupon, mature on September 1, 2025, and are secured by certain real property and cash and investment accounts of
the Company. 

On
August 30, 2023, the Company caused the repayment in full of all indebtedness, liabilities and other obligations under, and terminated,
the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2023 (the Credit Agreement ), by and among the Company, as Borrower, the Several
Lenders from time-to-time parties thereto and Mercuria Investments US, Inc., as Agent. The Company did not incur any material early termination
penalties as a result of such termination of the Credit Agreement. 

On
September 6, 2023, the Company and the Thomas C. Woodward Living Trust entered into a vacant land offer and acceptance agreement for
the Company s acquisition of certain real property and water rights, including but not limited to the real property at 700 San
Antone Road, Tonopah, NV and approximately 40.52 acre feet of water rights. 

On
September 1, 2023, the Company finalized its grant award agreement with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) marking the official launch
of the multi-year grant aimed at providing a domestic source of battery-grade lithium hydroxide. The Project kick off marks a major milestone
in the commercialization of the Company s Tonopah Flats Lithium Project, which will help provide a domestic supply of critical
battery materials needed for the U.S. energy transition. 

On
September 11, 2023, in preparation for listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Prior to the reverse stock split the Company had shares of common stock issued and outstanding,
and after the reverse stock split, the Company had approximately shares of common stock issued and outstanding. Immediately
after the reverse stock split, each stockholder s percentage ownership interest in the Company and proportional voting power remained
unchanged aside from rounding fractional shares into whole shares. The reverse stock split did not change the par value of the common
stock or preferred stock. 

On
September 21, 2023, the Company s common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol ABAT. 
The Company was previously traded on the OTCQX Markets under the symbol ABML. 

F- 22 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Controls
and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in
the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and
procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal
financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the
disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and
operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management
necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

The
Company s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, carried
out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) as of June 30,
2023, the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have concluded that, as of June 30, 2023, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that
information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the required time periods and are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its
reports is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision and with the
participation of our management, including the individuals serving as our principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal controls over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on
a timely basis. 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on this assessment, management
concluded that, as of June 30, 2023, our internal control over financial reporting was deemed not to be effective, based on the criteria therein. Material weaknesses
presiding over our internal controls as it relates to financial reporting are described below. 

Material
Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

We
did not maintain appropriate segregation of duties related to accounting processes. 

This
material weakness creates a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement to the financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis, and we concluded that the deficiencies represent material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting and our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of June 30, 2023. 

Remediation
Plan 

During
the year ended June 30, 2023, we enhanced our internal control over financial reporting and have remediated the material weaknesses of
adequate documentation evidencing operating effectiveness and supervision and review of complex accounting matters. These material weaknesses
were presented in our financial statements for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2022 and 2021. 

As
previously disclosed, the steps below were being implemented, and as a result we have remediated the material weaknesses, aside from
segregation of duties. 

Successful
 hiring of additional personnel with the expertise necessary to improve the financial reporting
 function 
 
 Complete
 the implementation of SAP ByDesign, an Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) solution that will
 provide the necessary permissions and roles to mitigate control weaknesses in key accounting
 processes and procedures 
 
 Provide
 additional guidance, education and training to employees relating to our accounting procedures
 with a continued focus on its segregation-of-duties as the Company hires more accounting
 personnel 
 
 Further
 develop and document detailed accounting policies for significant accounts, accounting estimates
 and presentation of complex items, as is required by US GAAP 
 
 Establishing
 effective general controls over IT systems to ensure that information produced can be relied
 upon by process level controls 
 
 We
 have engaged a firm that specializes in Cyber and IT protection to further enhance the protection
 of our financial information, employee information, proprietary methods, and strategic partnerships 

We
are committed to ensuring that our internal control over financial reporting is designed and operating effectively. While procedures
in place as of June 30, 2023 addressed the remaining material weakness regarding segregation of duties, remediation steps are required
to be in place for an adequate period of time. We expect to remediate this material weakness during the period ending December 31, 2023.
However, there is no guarantee that such material weaknesses will be remediated during the year, and we may discover additional material
weaknesses that may require additional time and resources to remediate. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

28 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 

The
following table sets forth the names and ages of our current directors and executive officers, the principal offices and positions held
by each person: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions 
 
 Ryan
 Melsert 
 
 41 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Director 
 
 Julie
 Blunden 1,2,3 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 D.
 Richard (Rick) Fezell 1,3 
 
 63 
 
 Director 
 
 Elizabeth
 Lowery 2,3 
 
 67 
 
 Director 
 
 Sherif
 Marakby 1,2 
 
 57 
 
 Director 
 
 Jesse
 Deutsch 
 
 59 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 Andres
 Meza 
 
 43 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer 
 
 Scott
 Jolcover 
 
 72 
 
 Chief
 Resource Officer 

1) 
 Member
 of Audit Committee 

2) 
 Member
 of Nomination Governance Committee 

3) 
 Member
 of Compensation Committee 

Ryan
Melsert, CEO, CTO, Director 

Mr. Melsert, age 41, is the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer at American Battery Technology Company, overseeing all aspects of the Company s
battery metal extraction and lithium-ion battery recycling divisions. Mr. Melsert specializes in the development and scale-up of highly
innovative first-of-kind systems. This development process consists of fundamental conceptual design, rigorous thermodynamic and process
modeling, design and fabrication of bench-scale prototypes, construction and operation of integrated pilot systems, and implementation
of commercial-scale systems. Joining the Company in September 2019, Mr. Melsert has been accelerating the development and implementation
of the Company s proprietary battery metal extraction technologies and battery recycling programs with the planning and construction
of a multi-functional facility. 

From
May 2015 to March 2019 Mr. Melsert worked at Tesla as one of the founding members of the battery manufacturing Gigafactory design team,
and subsequently as an R D Manager for the Battery Materials Processing group. He founded and led this cross-functional team of mechanical
and chemical engineers who implemented first-principles design to develop novel first-of-kind systems for the extraction, purification,
and synthesis of precursor and active battery materials. This development scope included the fundamental conceptual design, rigorous
thermodynamic and process modeling, design and fabrication of bench-scale prototypes, construction and operation of integrated pilot
systems, and implementation of commercial scale systems for the processing of battery materials. From April 2013 to May 2015 Mr. Melsert served as R D Manager, Advanced Energy Transportation Technologies
for Southern Research where he led a project team of 5-10 chemical/mechanical engineers in fundamental design of first-of-kind systems
throughout energy systems field. While there, Mr. Melsert wrote and won several DOE grants in addition to winning the company-wide Invention
of the Year 2015, presented at ARPA-E Innovation Summit. His education includes an MS in Mechanical Engineering and an MBA from
Georgia Tech awarded in 2007 and 2011, respectively, and a BS in Mechanical Engineering with Minors in Engineering Mechanics, French,
and International Studies from Penn State University awarded in 2004. 

29 

Julie
Blunden , Director 

For
35 years, Julie Blunden, age 57, has rapidly grown emerging energy companies to leaders in their sectors from power generation to retail
power, solar, energy storage, and EV fast charging. She now focuses on Board work related to batteries for both mobility and stationary
storage as well as their supply chains. She was elected the first independent Director on the Board ZincFive, where she chairs the Compensation Committee. In addition, at Plus
Power, she is actively engaged through the Board of Advisors, where she also served as the Chief Operating Officer. At New Energy Nexus
Ms. Blunden serves as Board Chair as well as serving on Audit, Executive and Finance Committees where she supports diverse energy entrepreneurs
around the world to achieve a 100 clean energy economy for 100 of the population. 

Ms.
Blunden s global experience includes executive roles at six organizations, including two publicly listed companies as well as the
turnaround Chief Commercial Officer at EVgo through the completion of its sale to LS Power in 2020. Ms. Blunden has had P L responsibility,
extensive board engagement as an executive, served as Vice Chair at the Solar Energy Industries Association, a member of the Board of
Directors at the national Energy Storage Association, and as a member of four other NGO Boards of Directors as well as two Advisory Boards.
While Vice Chair at SEIA she led PV Now s integration into SEIA as well as a refresh of Executive Compensation and Evaluation. 

Additionally,
she has served as Vice Chair of the Solar Energy Industries Association, a member of the Board of Directors at the National Energy Storage
Association and was a former Executive in Residence for the Global Energy Management Program at the University of Colorado Denver s
Business School. Blunden has an engineering and environmental studies degree from Dartmouth College and a Master of Business Administration
degree from Stanford s Graduate School of Business. 

D.
Richard (Rick) Fezell , Director 

Spanning
a distinguished 35-year career as a former auditor, senior partner, and Vice Chairman at Ernst Young (EY), Mr. Fezell, age 63,
held multiple leadership roles at the industry, regional, and executive committee levels for EY, providing deep knowledge of financial
reporting, risk management, and market-leading growth strategies to large public multinationals as well as emerging growth and newly
public companies. 

He
was Vice Chair and Managing Partner of the firm s Central Region, responsible for a 3 billion business across all service lines
that included over 7,000 professionals in 17 offices. While serving as the Americas Vice Chair for Markets, Mr. Fezell oversaw growth
for a 15 billion practice. Prior to his retirement from EY in 2020, Mr. Fezell served as the Americas Leader for EY s alliance
with Microsoft, at the forefront of transformation and digitalization and responsible for product development, investment allocations
and joint go-to-market strategies to help drive digital platform services growth at both EY and Microsoft. 

Mr.
Fezell has served on the board of many community and higher education organizations including The United Way, the Civic Committee of
The Commercial Club of Chicago, the Markkula Center for Applied Ethics at Santa Clara University, the Orfalea School of Business at Cal
Poly San Luis Obispo and Perspectives Charter Schools in Chicago. He is a CPA and graduate of Westminster College in Pennsylvania. 

30 

Elizabeth
Lowery, Director 

Elizabeth
Lowery, age 67, is a Senior Advisor, Sustainable Finance and ESG with ERM, a sustainability consulting firm. She is also a Senior Executive
Advisor with GI Partners and Piva. She was formerly the Managing Director of Sustainability and ESG at TPG. Ms Lowery joined TPG after
a 20-year career with General Motors Company where she was a member of GM s Senior Leadership Group as Corporate Vice President,
Environment, Energy Safety Policy and Secretary to the Public Policy Committee of the GM Board of Directors. She also served as
General Counsel for GM North America. Ms. Lowery has held various executive positions, including Senior Knowledge Leader and a
Principal of GreenOrder at LRN, where she was focused on working with global enterprises to develop sustainability strategies and initiatives.
She was also a partner at Honigman Miller Schwartz and Cohn and a law clerk to Michigan Supreme Court Justice G. Mennen Williams. She
has served on several non-profit boards including the World Environment Center, InForum Center for Leadership, Keystone Center and the
Alliance for Automobile Manufacturers. Her primary responsibilities within TPG included leading the Sustainability and ESG program development,
strategy and deployment across the Firm, engaging with portfolio companies to build sustainable businesses, and assisting deal teams
on due diligence matters. Ms. Lowery was a member of the PRI Private Equity Advisory Committee, and she is currently a Board Member of
Denali Water Solutions, Keter Environmental Services, Sagard Holdings, and American Battery Technology Company. She is also a member
of the Caesars Entertainment CSR External Advisory Board and on the Corporate Eco Forum Advisory Board. She graduated Magna Cum Laude
with a Juris Doctorate from Wayne State University and a B.B.A from Eastern Michigan University. 

Sherif
Marakby, Director 

Sherif
Marakby, age 57, brings significant operating experience in the automotive OEM industry from a 31-year career in the transformation,
electrification, and technology innovation and AV development fields. Mr. Marakby currently serves on the board of directors of Lucid
Group, Inc., an electric vehicle manufacturer, as an advisor to MemryX Inc., an automotive and consumer products company, and as a senior
advisor at Boyden, an executive search firm. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Marakby served as Executive Vice President, Corporate
R D of Magna International, one of the largest Tier 1 suppliers to the automotive industry in the world. Previously, he served as
Uber s Vice President of Global Vehicle Programs where he built a team that integrated self-driving technology into vehicles, partnered
with Volvo cars for an autonomous vehicle program, and was responsible for business development with OEM partners. 

During
a close to 30-year career at Ford Motor Company, Mr. Marakby held a variety of product development positions, beginning with Chief Engineer
and rising to President CEO of Ford s Autonomous Vehicle LLC, where he oversaw the development and launch of five new vehicles,
including the all-electric Ford Mustang Mach-E and the Ford Fusion Hybrid. Additionally, during his tenure at Ford, Mr. Marakby served
as the Director of Small Cars SUVs globally overseeing two million vehicles and more than 40 billion of annual revenue in over
70 countries. In his role as Vice President of Electrification and Autonomous Vehicles, he was responsible for over 11 billion of electrification
and 4 billion of autonomous vehicle development. 

Mr.
Marakby has a Master in Electronics Engineering from the University of Maryland College Park, and a Master of Business Administration
from the University of Michigan. 

31 

Jesse
Deutsch, Chief Financial Officer 

Jesse
Deutsch, age 59, has over 25 years of finance experience in world-class multinational corporations in the U.S. and abroad. He has led
several businesses through transformative high-growth phases and has completed more than 75 M A transactions with strategic partners.
He joins the Company with nearly 20 years serving in the role as Chief Financial Officer with global brands such as Kraft Foods and Aramark
Inc., and over the course of his tenure has served in executive financial leadership roles at companies such as Visa, and Philip Morris.
Mr. Deutsch has in-depth experience in establishing transformative finance processes and has led large systems implementations. He has
an MBA from New York University and a Bachelor of Science in economics from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. 

Andres
Meza, Chief Operating Officer 

Mr.
Meza, age 43, has an undergraduate degree in chemical engineering and started his professional career at Georgia Pacific working as a
process engineer at a paper mill. After working to gain direct hands-on chemical manufacturing expertise throughout the processing plant,
he was promoted to a shift team leader. To further enhance his management and leadership skills, he attended the Harvard Business School.
After receiving his MBA, he worked for Apple as a global supply manager focusing on commissioning and scaling up of manufacturing facilities
across Asia and the implementation of cost efficiencies throughout their supply chain. After four years optimizing high-volume manufacturing
at Apple, Mr. Meza worked for the management consultancy firm McKinsey and Company as an engagement manager. In this role, he analyzed
the manufacturing operations of global corporations and developed strategic assessments for executives to implement operational efficiencies
in their facilities and business units. Mr. Meza subsequently joined the private equity firm Transom Capital as the Vice President of
Operations working with a suite of portfolio companies in which the firm had invested. At Transom Capital, Mr. Meza used his extensive
expertise in operational leadership and manufacturing to establish the required procedures and frameworks to help grow these early-stage
companies into mature and stable corporations. 

Scott
Jolcover, Chief Resource Officer 

Mr.
Jolcover, age 72, has development expertise spanning five decades including expertise in construction, mining and land development, water
resource, claims management, economic and environmental solutions. Prior to joining the Company, he served as the Director of Development
and General Site Manager for Comstock Mining Inc., where he managed all commercial transactions, including land, water and other major
capital expenses and acquisitions and served two years on their Board of Directors. Other roles include President and CEO for Virginia
City Ventures, which established the Comstock Gold Mill and partnered with the Tri-County Railway Commission. Mr. Jolcover has board
and leadership roles with Nevada Works; Northern Nevada Development Authority (NNDA), Design and Construction Committee; and a 20-year
relationship with Virginia City Tourism Commission (VCTC), including Chair and Vice-Chair roles. 

There have been no transactions since the beginning
of the Company s last fiscal year, and there are no currently proposed transactions, in which the Company was or is to be a participant
and in which the Company s directors or officers (or any member of their immediate family) had or will have any interest, that are
required to be reported under Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. 

32 

Director
Qualifications 

We
believe that our directors should have the highest professional and personal ethics and values, consistent with our longstanding values
and standards. They should have broad experience at the policy-making level in business or banking. They should be committed to enhancing
stockholder value and should have sufficient time to carry out their duties and to provide insight and practical wisdom based on experience.
Their service on other boards of public companies should be limited to a number that permits them, given their individual circumstances,
to perform responsibly all director duties for us. Each director must represent the interests of all stockholders. When considering potential
director candidates, the Board also considers the candidate s character, judgment, diversity, age and skills, including financial
literacy and experience in the context of our needs and the needs of the Board. 

Board
Committees 

Our
Board has established Audit, Nominating and Corporate Governance, and Compensation Committees. Our Board may establish other committees
to facilitate the management of our business. The composition and functions of the audit committee, compensation committee and nominating
and corporate governance committee are described below. Members will serve on committees until their resignation or removal from the
Board or until otherwise determined by our Board. 

Audit
Committee 

Our
audit committee consists of Rick Fezell, Julie Blunden, and Sherif Marakby, with Mr. Fezell serving as the chairman. Our Board has determined
that Mr. Fezell is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of the SEC regulations. Our Board has also determined
that each member of our audit committee can read and understand fundamental financial statements in accordance with applicable requirements.
In arriving at these determinations, the Board has examined each audit committee member s scope of experience and the nature of
their employment in the corporate finance sector. The functions of this committee include: 

selecting
 a qualified firm to serve as the independent registered public accounting firm to audit our financial statements; 

helping
 to ensure the independence and performance of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

discussing
 the scope and results of the audit with the independent registered public accounting firm, and reviewing, with management and the
 independent accountants, our interim and year-end operating results; 

developing
 procedures for employees to submit concerns anonymously about questionable accounting or audit matters; 

reviewing
 our policies on risk assessment and risk management; 

reviewing
 related party transactions; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report by the independent registered public accounting firm at least annually, that describes our internal quality-control
 procedures, any material issues with such procedures, and any steps taken to deal with such issues when required by applicable law;
 and 

approving
 (or, as required, pre-approving) all audit and all permissible non-audit services, other than de minimis non-audit services, to be
 performed by the independent registered public accounting firm. 

Nominating
and Corporate Governance Committee 

Our
nominating and corporate governance committee consists of Elizabeth Lowery, Sherif Marakby, and Julie Blunden, with Ms. Lowery serving
as the chairman. The functions of the nominating and corporate governance committee will include: 

identifying
 and recommending candidates for membership on our Board; 

including
 nominees recommended by stockholders; 

reviewing
 and recommending the composition of our committees; 

overseeing
 our code of business conduct and ethics, corporate governance guidelines and reporting; and 

making
 recommendations to our Board concerning governance matters. 

The
nominating and corporate governance committee also annually reviews the nominating and corporate governance committee charter and the
committee s performance. 

33 

Compensation
Committee 

Our
compensation committee consists of Julie Blunden, Rick Fezell, and Elizabeth Lowery, with Ms. Blunden serving as the chairman. The functions
of the compensation committee include: 

reviewing
 and approving, or recommending that our Board approve, the compensation of our executive officers; 

reviewing
 and recommending that our Board approve the compensation of our directors; 

reviewing
 and approving, or recommending that our Board approve, the terms of compensatory arrangements with our executive officers; 

administering
 our stock and equity incentive plans; 

selecting
 independent compensation consultants and assessing conflict of interest compensation advisers; 

reviewing
 and approving, or recommending that our Board approve, incentive compensation and equity plans; and 

reviewing
 and establishing general policies relating to compensation and benefits of our employees and reviewing our overall compensation philosophy. 

Board
Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight 

Our
Board is primarily responsible for overseeing our risk management processes. Our Board receives and reviews periodic reports from management,
auditors, legal counsel, and others, as considered appropriate regarding our assessment of risks. Our Board focuses on the most significant
risks we face our general risk management strategy, and also ensures that risks we undertake are consistent with our Board s appetite
for risk. While our Board oversees our risk management, management is responsible for day-to-day risk management processes. We believe
this division of responsibilities is the most effective approach for addressing the risks we face and that our Board leadership structure
supports this approach. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics entitled Code of Conduct. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request at
100 Washington Street, Suite 100, Reno, NV 89503. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code
of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Term
of Office 

Our
directors are appointed to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our stockholders or until removed from office in accordance
with our Bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our Board and hold office until removed by the Board, absent an employment agreement. 

34 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act requires
that our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our common stock (referred to herein as the
 reporting persons file with the SEC various reports as to their ownership of and activities relating to our common stock.
Based solely on our review of copies of the reports filed with the SEC and the written representations of our directors and executive
officers, we believe that all reporting requirements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, were complied with by each person who at
any time during the fiscal year was a director or an executive officer or held more than 10 of our common stock, except for the following:
Andres Meza filed: (i) a late Form 4 report on October 26, 2022, related to the vesting of restricted stock units and award of common
stock on October 18, 2022, and (ii) a late Form 4 report on November 2, 2022, related to the vesting of restricted stock units on October
26, 2022 and Ryan Melsert filed (iii) a late Form 4 report on November 2, 2022, related to an award of common stock on October 18, 2022. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

Summary
Compensation Table Independent Members of the Board of Directors 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Years Ended 6/30/2023 and 6/30/2022 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 

Elizabeth Lowery 

Director 
 2023 
 35,000 
 
 132,942 

167,942 
 
 Julie Blunden 

Director 
 2023 

170,188 

170,188 
 
 D. Richard (Rick) Fezell 

Director 
 2023 

175,509 

175,509 
 
 Sherif Marakby 

Director 
 2023 
 25,000 
 
 132,942 

157,942 

Note: 

Elizabeth
Lowery, Julie Blunden, Rick Fezell, and Sherif Marakby were appointed to the Board effective March 1, 2022. Director compensation includes
 25,000 annually, paid in pro rata portions on a quarterly basis, in addition to an annual equity award of Restricted Stock Units (RSUs)
equal to 150,000 divided by the volume weighted average price (VWAP) of the Company s common stock during the twenty (20) trading
days prior to the applicable grant day. The Directors may also be eligible to receive additional compensation if they chair certain Board
committees. 

35 

Summary
Compensation Table Executive Officers 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Fiscal
 Years Ended June 30 
 Salary
 ) 
 Bonus
 ) 
 Stock
 Award Grant Date Fair Value ) 
 Option
 Awards ) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified
 Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All
 Other Compensation ) 
 Total
 ) 

Ryan
 Melsert 
 2022 
 360,000 
 
 1,555,000 

1,915,000 
 
 Chief Executive
 Officer, Chief Technology Officer (1) 
 2023 
 358,750 
 
 3,020,105 

3,378,855 
 
 Andres Meza 
 2022 
 225,000 

225,000 
 
 Chief Operating
 Officer (2) 
 2023 
 247,917 
 
 1,842,427 

2,090,344 
 
 Jesse Deutsch 
 2022 

Chief Financial
 Officer (3) 
 2023 
 27,778 
 
 373,300 

401,078 
 
 Scott Jolcover 
 2022 
 225,000 
 
 3,290,000 

11,000 
 3,526,000 
 
 Chief Resource
 Officer (4) 
 2023 
 231,875 
 
 1,131,035 

1,362,910 

Note: 

(1) 
 Ryan Melsert was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company on August 27, 2021. The compensation disclosed
above reflects amounts earned in his roles both as a board member and officer of the Company. Pursuant to his employment agreement as
Chief Executive Officer, Chief Technology Officer, and Director, Ryan Melsert is entitled to receive an annual salary of 425,000, which
at Mr. Melsert s election could be reduced to 325,000 per year through December 31, 2022, in exchange for 4,000 restricted stock
units RSUs that shall fully vest on January 1, 2023. Mr. Melsert is also eligible to receive performance-based bonuses
tied to specific strategic milestones at 75 of his annual salary, 1,000,000 in RSUs and 3,000,000 in warrants with a five-year expiration
and exercise price as calculated by Black-Scholes at the time of the grant. The performance-based bonuses will be pro-rated according
to the specific weight of each milestone. Additionally, Mr. Melsert may receive additional cash or equity compensation based on annual
performance reviews or under the Company s equity incentive plan. 

(2) 
 Pursuant to his employment agreement as Chief Operating Officer,
 Andres Meza is entitled to receive an annual salary of 275,000. In addition, subject to approval by the Board and upon achieving certain
 performance milestones, Mr. Meza is eligible to receive bonus compensation of (i) bonus cash set at 75 of his base salary; (ii) 500,000
 in RSUs divided by the 20-day trailing volume-weighted average price prior to the effective date; and (iii) 1,000,000 worth of warrants
 with a five-year expiration of a quantity and exercise price as calculated by Black-Scholes. Both the RSUs and warrants will vest over
 a four-year vesting schedule. Additionally, Mr. Meza may receive additional cash or equity compensation based on annual performance
 reviews or under the Company s equity incentive plan. 

(3) 
 On May 19, 2023, Jesse Deutsch was appointed as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Pursuant to his employment
agreement as
 Chief Financial Officer, Jesse Deutsch is entitled to receive an annual salary of 250,000. In addition, Mr. Deutsch is eligible to
 receive a one-time signing bonus of 33,334 RSUs, which will vest on the last day of the fiscal quarter following the first-year anniversary
 of his employment. Mr. Deutsch is eligible to receive bonus equity compensation, subject to achieving certain performance milestones,
 of (i) bonus cash set at 75 of his base salary and (ii) 33,334 RSUs with a four-year vesting schedule. Additionally, Mr. Deutsch may
 receive additional cash or equity compensation based on annual performance reviews or under the Company s equity incentive plan. 

(4) 
 Pursuant to his employment agreement as
 Chief Resource Officer, Scott Jolcover is entitled to receive an annual salary of 240,000. In addition, subject to approval by the
 Board, and upon achieving certain performance milestones, Mr. Jolcover is eligible to receive bonus equity compensation of (i) bonus
 cash set at 75 of his base salary; (ii) 300,000 in RSUs divided by the 20-day trailing volume-weighted average price prior to the
 effective date; and (iii) 500,000 worth of warrants with a three-year expiration of a quantity and exercise price as calculated by
 Black-Scholes. Mr. Jolcover s bonus equity compensation awards will vest 1/12th quarterly beginning on the last quarter following
 the issuance of the award until fully vested. Additionally, Mr. Jolcover may receive additional cash or equity compensation based on
 annual performance reviews or under the Company s equity incentive plan. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

Option
 Awards 
 Stock
 Awards 
 
 Name
 and Principal Position 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options (#) exercisable 
 Number
 of securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexercisable 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options (#) 
 Option
 exercise price 
 ) 
 Option
 Awards ) 
 Option
 expiration date 
 Number
 of shares or units of stock that have not vested (#) 
 Market
 value of shares or units of stock that have not vested ) 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested (#) 
 Equity
 incentive plan awards: market or payout value of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested ) 

Ryan
 Melsert 

270,833 
 1,652,081 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Technology Officer (1) 

38,597 
 235,442 

32,693 
 98,079 
 
 6.60 
 797,709 
 
 June
 19, 2028 

Andres
 Meza 

18,750 
 114,375 
 
 Chief
 Operating Officer (2) 

135,417 
 826,044 

27,788 
 169,507 

40,859 
 
 6.60 
 249,240 
 
 June
 19, 2028 

Jesse
 Deutsch 2 

Chief
 Financial Officer (3) 

33,334 
 203,337 

Scott
 Jolcover 

108,333 
 660,831 
 
 Chief
 Resource Officer 

10,421 
 63,568 

12,717 
 
 6.60 
 77,574 
 
 June
 19, 2028 

Note: 

(1) 
 As Chief Executive Officer,
 Chief Technology Officer, and Director, Ryan Melsert received multiple awards under the 2021 Retention Plan Retention Plan for his continued service. As of June 30, 2023, Mr. Melsert has 270,833 retention RSUs that vest quarterly, over a four-year period,
 38,597 RSUs that vest quarterly over a four-year period and 130,772 share purchase warrants with an exercise price of 10.50 and an
 expiration date of June 19, 2028. 

(2) 
 As Chief Operating Officer,
 Andres Meza received multiple awards under the Retention Plan for his initial employment and continued service. As of June 30, 2023,
 Mr. Meza has 18,750 employment RSUs that vest over a four-year period, 25 upon initial one-year anniversary, 135,417 RSUs outstanding
 that vest over a four-year period, with quarterly issuances beginning on the grant date, 27,788 RSUs earned pursuant to Mr. Meza s
 existing employment agreement that vest over a remaining four-year period, 25 vesting January 2024 and each fiscal quarter thereafter
 and 40,859 share purchase warrants with an exercise price of 6.60 and an expiration date of June 19, 2028. 

(3) 
 As Chief Financial Officer,
 Jesse Deutsch received 33,334 RSUs that vest over a one-year period, issuable May 2024. 

(4) 
 As Chief Resource Officer,
 Scott Jolcover received multiple awards under the Retention Plan for his continued service. As of June 30, 2023, Mr. Jolcover has 108,333
 RSUs that vest over a four-year period, 12,717 RSUs outstanding that vest over a remaining four-year period, 25 vesting January 2024,
 then each subsequent fiscal quarter thereafter and 130,772 share purchase warrants with an exercise price of 6.60 and an expiration
 date of June 19, 2028. 

36 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 

The following table sets forth certain information as of September 26,
2023, regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock, is based on 46,254,354 shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding
by (i) each person or entity who, to our knowledge, owns more than 5.00 of our common stock or preferred stock and (ii) each executive officer
and director. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table, each person named in the table has sole voting and investment
power and that person s address is deemed to be the address of our principal executive offices at 100 Washington Street, Suite 100,
Reno, NV 89503. 

Shares
of common stock subject to options, warrants or other rights currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of September 26, 2023,
are deemed to be beneficially owned and outstanding for computing the share ownership and percentage of the stockholder holding such
options, warrants or other rights, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other stockholder. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 Percentage of Common Stock Beneficially Owned 
 
 Ryan Melsert 
 1,387,926 
 2.974 
 
 Scott Jolcover 
 252,523 
 0.546 
 
 Andres Meza 
 130,252 
 0.281 
 
 Jesse Deutsch 
 28,572 
 0.062 
 
 Julie Blunden 
 16,956 
 0.037 
 
 D. Richard (Rick) Fezell 
 17,232 
 0.037 
 
 Elizabeth Lowery 
 15,027 
 0.032 
 
 Sherif Marakby 
 15,027 
 0.032 
 
 All directors and officers as a group (8 persons) 
 1,863,515 
 3.982 

There
are no arrangements known to the Company which may, at a subsequent date, result in a change-in-control. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity
Compensation Plans 

The Company, under its
2021 Retention Plan the Retention Plan ), is authorized to issue shares of common stock to employees and
non-employees up to ten percent (10 of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022, on a fully
diluted basis. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence 

Director
Independence 

Ryan
Melsert is not an independent director within the meaning of Section 5605 of NASDAQ. Douglas Cole, who served as Chairman of the Board
until his resignation on February 25, 2022, was not considered an independent director within the meaning of Section 5605 of NASDAQ as
he was not more than three years removed from his role as CEO of the Company. 

The Board has adopted a policy that covers any related
party transaction that meets the minimum threshold for disclosure in the Company s proxy statement under the relevant SEC rules.
The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and, if appropriate, approving or ratifying any related party transactions. Any related
party transactions entered into before this policy was adopted were approved by the Board or the Audit Committee. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
aggregate fees for the two most recently completed fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for the
audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements that are normally provided by the accountant in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal periods were as follows: 

Fiscal
 year ended June 30, 2023 
 Fiscal
 year ended June 30, 2022 
 
 Audit fees 
 130,000 
 155,000 
 
 Audit-related fees 
 105,443 
 71,585 
 
 Tax fees 
 21,700 
 34,327 
 
 All other fees 
 52,725 
 6,953 
 
 Total 
 309,868 
 267,865 

The Audit Committee reviews audit and non-audit services performed by Marcum
as well as the fees charged by Marcum for such services. The Audit Committee has delegated to its Chair the authority to pre-approve such
services. When pre-approving and reviewing non-audit service fees, consideration is given to the possible effect of the performance of
such services on the auditors independence. All services provided by Marcum for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2022 and June 30,
2023 were permissible under applicable laws, rules and regulations and were pre-approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with its
procedures. The Audit Committee considered the amount of non-audit services provided by Marcum in assessing its independence. 

37 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

The
following exhibits are either provided with this Annual Report or are incorporated herein by reference: 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 Filed
 Herein 
 
 Incorporated 
 Date 
 
 By 
 Form 
 
 Reference 
 Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, as amended 

September
 12, 2022 
 
 10-K

3.1

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws 

September
 14, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series A Preferred Stock 

October
 8, 2019 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series B Preferred Stock 

February
 19, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series C Preferred Stock 

November
 5, 2020 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Change Pursuant to NRS 78.209 of American Battery Technology Company, filed with the Nevada Secretary of State on August 31, 2023 

September 11, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form
 of Series A Warrant 

April
 4, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form
 of Series B Warrant] 

April
 4, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.2 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form
 of Placement Agent Warrant 

April
 4, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.3 
 
 10.1 
 
 Employment Agreement of Andres Meza 

January 11, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 10.2 
 
 Employment Agreement of Scott Jolcover 

January 11,
 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement of Jesse Deutsch 
 
 x 

10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement of Ryan Melsert 

August
 5, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 10.5

Exploration
 License with Option to Purchase, dated September 1, 2021, between American Battery Technology Company and 1317038 Nevada Ltd. 

July
 15, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 10.6 
 
 Escrow Services Agreement 

July 15, 2022 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 10.7 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated March 1, 2023, between American Battery Technology Company and LiNiCo Corporation 
 
 x 

10.8 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated April 21, 2023, between American Battery Technology Company and LiNiCo Corporation 
 
 x 

10.9 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated May 12, 2023, between American Battery Technology Company and Bow River Capital RE III LLC 
 
 x 

10.10 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated May 17, 2023, between American Battery Technology Company and Mercuria Investments US, Inc. 
 
 x 

10.11 
 
 Marketing Agreement, dated May 17, 2023, between American Battery Technology Company and Mercuria Energy America, LLC 
 
 x 

10.12 
 
 Form
 of Securities Purchase Agreement 

April
 4, 2023 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 10.13 
 
 DOE Grant Award DE-EE0006250, dated August 16, 2021 
 
 x 

10.14 
 
 DOE Grant Award DE-EE0009430, dated October 1, 2021 
 
 x 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of American Battery Technology Company 
 
 x 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Marcum LLP, filed herewith . 
 
 x 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 x 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 x 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 x 

32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 x 

101 
 
 INS
 Inline XBRL Instant Document. 
 
 x 

101 
 
 SCH
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 x 

101 
 
 CAL
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 x 

101 
 
 LAB
 Inline XRBL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document 
 
 x 

101 
 
 PRE
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 x 

101 
 
 DEF
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 x 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

38 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

AMERICAN
 BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY (Registrant) 

Date:
 September 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ryan Melsert 

Name:
 
 Ryan
 Melsert 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Director 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Jesse Deutsch 

Name:
 
 Jesse
 Deutsch 

Title: 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Elizabeth Lowery 

Name:
 
 Elizabeth
 Lowery 

Title: 
 Independent
 Director 

/s/
 Julie Blunden 

Name: 
 Julie
 Blunden 

Title: 
 Independent
 Director 

/s/
 D. Richard Fezell 

Name: 
 D.
 Richard Fezell 

Title: 
 Independent
 Director 

/s/
 Sherif Marakby 

Name: 
 Sherif
 Marakby 

Title: 
 Independent
 Director 

39 

<EX-10.3>
 2
 ex10-3.htm

Exhibit 10.3 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.7>
 3
 ex10-7.htm

Exhibit 10.7 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.8>
 4
 ex10-8.htm

Exhibit 10.8 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.9>
 5
 ex10-9.htm

Exhibit 10.9 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-10.10>
 6
 ex10-10.htm

Exhibit
10.10 

Execution
Version 

20,000,000 

CREDIT
AGREEMENT 

Among 

AMERICAN
BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, 

as
Borrower, 

The
Several Lenders 

from
Time to Time Parties Hereto, 

and 

MERCURIA
INVESTMENTS US, INC., 

as
Agent 

Dated
as of May 17, 2023 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 ARTICLE
 I DEFINITIONS 
 1 
 
 1.1 
 Defined
 Terms 
 1 
 
 1.2 
 Other
 Definitional Provisions 
 25 
 
 1.3 
 Computation
 of Time Periods 
 25 
 
 1.4 
 Rates 
 26 
 
 1.5 
 Divisions 
 26 

ARTICLE
 II AMOUNT AND TERMS OF COMMITMENTS. 
 26 
 
 2.1 
 Loan
 Commitments; Amounts 
 26 
 
 2.2 
 Procedures
 for Borrowing 
 27 
 
 2.3 
 Maturity
 Date 
 27 
 
 2.5 
 Repayment
 of the Loan; Evidence of Debt 
 28 
 
 2.6 
 Fees 
 28 
 
 2.7 
 Optional
 Prepayments 
 29 
 
 2.8 
 Mandatory
 Prepayments 
 29 
 
 2.9 
 Invoice
 Deduction 
 29 
 
 2.10 
 Interest
 Rates, Payment Dates and Computation of Interest and Fees 
 30 
 
 2.11 
 Application
 of Payments; Place of Payments. 
 31 
 
 2.12 
 Taxes 
 32 
 
 2.13 
 Indemnity 
 35 
 
 2.14 
 Change
 of Lending Office 
 35 
 
 2.15 
 Replacement
 of Lenders 
 35 
 
 2.16 
 Original
 Issue Discount 
 36 
 
 2.17 
 Changed
 Circumstances 
 36 

ARTICLE
 III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 39 

3.1 
 Financial
 Condition 
 39 
 
 3.2 
 No Change 
 39 
 
 3.3 
 Corporate
 Existence; Compliance with Law 
 39 
 
 3.4 
 Entity
 Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations 
 40 
 
 3.5 
 No Legal
 Bar 
 40 
 
 3.6 
 Existing
 Indebtedness 
 40 
 
 3.7 
 No Material
 Litigation 
 40 
 
 3.8 
 No Default 
 40 
 
 3.9 
 Ownership
 of Property 
 40 
 
 3.10 
 Insurance 
 41 
 
 3.11 
 Intellectual
 Property 
 41 
 
 3.12 
 Taxes 
 41 
 
 3.13 
 Federal
 Regulations 
 41 
 
 3.14 
 Labor
 Matters 
 41 
 
 3.15 
 ERISA
 Plans 
 42 
 
 3.16 
 Regulations 
 42 
 
 3.17 
 Capital
 Stock; Subsidiaries 
 42 
 
 3.18 
 Use
 of Proceeds 
 43 
 
 3.19 
 Environmental
 Matters 
 43 
 
 3.20 
 Accuracy
 of Information, etc 
 44 

i 

3.21 
 Security
 Documents 
 44 
 
 3.22 
 Solvency. 
 44 
 
 3.23 
 Contingent
 Obligations 
 45 
 
 3.24 
 Bank
 Accounts 
 45 
 
 3.25 
 Material
 Contracts 
 45 
 
 3.26 
 No Burdensome
 Restrictions 
 45 

ARTICLE
 IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 
 46 
 
 4.1 
 Conditions
 to Closing Date 
 46 
 
 4.2 
 Each
 Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing 
 49 

ARTICLE
 V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 50 

5.1 
 Financial
 Statements 
 50 
 
 5.2 
 Production
 Report; Collateral Reporting 
 51 
 
 5.3 
 Certificates;
 Other Information 
 52 
 
 5.4 
 Payment
 of Obligations 
 53 
 
 5.5 
 Maintenance
 of Existence; Compliance with Obligations, Requirements, etc 
 53 
 
 5.6 
 Operation
 and Maintenance of Property 
 53 
 
 5.7 
 Insurance 
 54 
 
 5.8 
 Inspection
 of Property; Books and Records; Discussions 
 54 
 
 5.9 
 Notices 
 55 
 
 5.10 
 Environmental
 Laws 
 55 
 
 5.11 
 Collateral
 Matters 
 56 
 
 5.12 
 Reserved 
 57 
 
 5.13 
 Use
 of Proceeds 
 57 
 
 5.14 
 Patriot
 Act Compliance 
 57 
 
 5.15 
 Further
 Assurances 
 57 
 
 5.16 
 Reserved 
 58 
 
 5.17 
 Company
 Policies 
 58 
 
 5.18 
 Post-Closing
 Covenant 
 58 

ARTICLE
 VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 58 
 
 6.1 
 Financial
 Condition Covenants 
 58 
 
 6.2 
 Indebtedness 
 59 
 
 6.3 
 Liens 
 59 
 
 6.4 
 Fundamental
 Changes 
 61 
 
 6.5 
 Disposition
 of Property 
 61 
 
 6.6 
 Restricted
 Payments 
 62 
 
 6.7 
 Transactions
 with Affiliates 
 62 
 
 6.8 
 Sale
 and Leaseback 
 63 
 
 6.9 
 Changes
 in Fiscal Periods 
 63 
 
 6.10 
 Negative
 Pledge Clauses 
 63 
 
 6.11 
 Restrictions
 on Subsidiary Distributions 
 63 
 
 6.12 
 Lines
 of Business 
 63 
 
 6.13 
 ERISA
 Plans 
 63 
 
 6.14 
 Hedging
 Agreements 
 63 
 
 6.15 
 New
 Subsidiaries 
 64 
 
 6.16 
 Use
 of Proceeds 
 64 
 
 6.17 
 Amendments
 to Certain Documents and Agreements 
 64 
 
 6.18 
 Company
 Policies 
 64 

ii 

6.19 
 Black
 Mass Production 
 64 

ARTICLE
 VII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
 64 

7.1 
 Events
 of Default 
 64 
 
 7.2 
 Remedies 
 67 

ARTICLE
 VIII THE AGENT 
 67 

8.1 
 Appointment 
 67 
 
 8.2 
 Delegation
 of Duties 
 67 
 
 8.3 
 Exculpatory
 Provisions 
 67 
 
 8.4 
 Reliance
 by Agent 
 67 
 
 8.5 
 Notice
 of Default 
 67 
 
 8.6 
 Non
 Reliance on Agent and Other Lenders 
 67 
 
 8.7 
 Indemnification 
 68 
 
 8.8 
 Agent
 in its Individual Capacity 
 69 
 
 8.9 
 Successor
 Agent 
 68 
 
 8.10 
 Collateral
 Matters 
 68 

ARTICLE
 IX MISCELLANEOUS 
 69 

9.1 
 Amendments
 and Waivers 
 69 
 
 9.2 
 Notices 
 70 
 
 9.3 
 No Waiver;
 Cumulative Remedies 
 71 
 
 9.4 
 Survival
 of Representations and Warranties 
 71 
 
 9.5 
 Payment
 of Expenses 
 71 
 
 9.6 
 Indemnification;
 Waiver 
 72 
 
 9.7 
 Successors
 and Assigns; Participations and Assignments 
 73 
 
 9.8 
 Adjustments;
 Set off 
 76 
 
 9.9 
 Counterparts 
 76 
 
 9.10 
 Severability 
 76 
 
 9.11 
 Integration;
 Construction 
 76 
 
 9.12 
 GOVERNING
 LAW 
 77 
 
 9.13 
 Submission
 To Jurisdiction; Waivers 
 77 
 
 9.14 
 Acknowledgments 
 77 
 
 9.15 
 Confidentiality 
 78 
 
 9.16 
 Release
 of Collateral and Guarantee Obligations 
 78 
 
 9.17 
 Interest
 Rate Limitation 
 79 
 
 9.18 
 Accounting
 Changes 
 79 
 
 9.19 
 WAIVERS
 OF JURY TRIAL 
 80 
 
 9.20 
 Customer
 Identification USA PATRIOT Act Notice 
 80 
 
 9.21 
 Creditor-Debtor
 Relationship 
 80 
 
 9.22 
 Reserved. 
 80 
 
 9.23 
 Erroneous
 Payments 
 80 

iii 

SCHEDULES: 

1.1(a) 
 Equipment 
 
 1.1(b) 
 Commitments 
 
 1.1(c) 
 Mortgaged
 Properties 
 
 1.1(d) 
 Qualifying
 Black Mass 
 
 3.17 
 Capital
 Stock Ownership 
 
 3.21(a) 
 Security
 Agreement UCC Filing Jurisdictions 
 
 3.21(b) 
 Mortgage
 Filing Jurisdictions 
 
 3.24 
 Bank
 Accounts 
 
 3.25 
 Material
 Contracts 
 
 3.26 
 Burdensome
 Restrictions 
 
 6.2 
 Permitted
 Indebtedness 

EXHIBITS: 

A 
 Form
 of Borrowing Notice 
 
 B 
 Form
 of Compliance Certificate 
 
 C 
 Reserved. 
 
 D 
 Form
 of Guarantee and Security Agreement 
 
 E 
 Form
 of Mortgage 
 
 F 
 Form
 of Solvency Certificate 
 
 G 
 Form
 of Note 
 
 H 
 Form
 of Assignment and Acceptance 
 
 I 
 Form
 of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates 

iv 

THE
LOAN MAY BE ISSUED WITH ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT FOR PURPOSES OF SECTION 1271 ET SEQ. OF THE CODE. BEGINNING NO LATER THAN 10 DAYS AFTER
THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF ANY LOAN, A LENDER MAY OBTAIN THE ISSUE PRICE, AMOUNT OF ORIGINAL ISSUE DISCOUNT, ISSUE DATE AND YIELD TO MATURITY
FOR THE LOAN BY SUBMITTING A WRITTEN REQUEST FOR SUCH INFORMATION TO THE BORROWER AT THE FOLLOWING ADDRESS: 100 WASHINGTON STREET, SUITE
#100, RENO, NEVADA, 89503. 

This
CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of May 17, 2023, is by and among American Battery Technology Company, a Nevada corporation Borrower ),
the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties to this Agreement (the Lenders and Mercuria Investments US, Inc., as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacities, collectively, Agent ). 

W
I T N E S S E T H: 

WHEREAS,
Borrower has requested that the Lenders make one or more term loans to Borrower with total aggregate term loan commitments in an amount
equal to 20,000,000, including the Initial Term Loans in an amount equal to 6,000,000 and Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments in an
aggregate amount equal to 14,000,000, with such Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein,
including the delivery of additional Collateral; and 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the agreements hereinafter set forth, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
I 

 DEFINITIONS 

1.1 Defined
Terms . As used in this Agreement, the terms listed in this Section 1.1 shall have the respective meanings set forth in this
 Section 1.1 . 

ABR 
for any day, a rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Federal Funds Rate in effect
on such day plus 0.50 . Any change in the ABR due to a change in the Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Rate shall be effective from
and including the effective date of such change in the Prime Rate or the Federal Funds Rate, respectively. 

ABR
Loan means a Loan that bears interest based on the ABR. 

Acceptable
Security Interest means, in any Property, a Lien which (a) exists in favor of Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties,
(b) is superior to all Liens or rights of any other Person in the Property encumbered thereby (other than Permitted Liens), (c) secures
the Obligations, and (d) is perfected and enforceable. 

Accounting
Change has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.18 . 

Acquisition
Date means the date on which the Aqua Metals Acquisition is consummated in accordance with the terms of the MIPA. 

Adjusted
Term SOFR Rate means an interest rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Rate for a three month interest period, plus 0.15 ;
 provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than 1.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 1.00 
for the purposes of this Agreement. 

Affiliate 
means, as to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, is in control of, is controlled by, or is under common control
with, such Person. For purposes of this definition, control of a Person means the power, directly or indirectly, to direct
or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether by contract or otherwise. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
no Lender shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of the Loan Parties. 

Agent 
has the meaning given to such term in the preamble hereto. 

Aggregate
Exposure means, with respect to any Lender at any time, an amount equal to the aggregate then unpaid principal amount
of such Lender s Loan. 

Aggregate
Exposure Percentage means, with respect to any Lender at any time, the ratio (expressed as a percentage) of such Lender s
Aggregate Exposure at such time to the sum of the Aggregate Exposures of all Lenders at such time. 

Agreement 
means this Credit Agreement. 

Applicable
Margin means, for any day, (a) with respect to any SOFR Loan, 6.00 , and (b) with respect to any ABR Loan, 5.00 . 

Approved
Electronic Platform means IntraLinks , DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic platform chosen by
the Agent to be its electronic transmission system. 

Aqua
Metals Acquisition has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.18 . 

Asset
Sale means, any Disposition not otherwise permitted under the Agreement. Assignee has the
meaning given to such term in Section 9.7(c) . 

Assignment
and Acceptance has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.7(c) . 

Assignor 
has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.7(c) . 

Available
Cash means, for any period, (a) the sum (without duplication) of all amounts (other than proceeds from any Loan) that
the Borrower and the other Loan Parties is projected to receive in cash or cash equivalents during such period plus (b) without duplication,
the Unrestricted Cash held by the Loan Parties on the first date for such period. 

Available
Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if such
Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an
interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark
(or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference
to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor
for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.17(c) . 

Benchmark 
means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR
Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that
such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.17(c) . 

Benchmark
Replacement means, with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event: the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that
has been selected by the Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement
benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or
then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement to the then-current Benchmark for
Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; provided that, if
such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor
for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

2 

Benchmark
Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then- current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark
Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative
value or zero) that has been selected by the Agent and the Borrower giving due consideration to (a) any selection or recommendation of
a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the
applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or (b) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention
for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark
with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for Dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. 

Benchmark
Replacement Date means the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or 

(b) in
the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date on which such Benchmark (or the
published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator
of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative; provided that such non-representativeness will be determined
by reference to the most recent statement or publication referenced in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. 

For
the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b)
with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current
Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark
Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark: 

(a) a
public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used
in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark
(or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor
administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); 

(b) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof), the Board, the SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator
for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component)
or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component),
which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of
such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication,
there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof);
or 

3 

(c) a
public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published
component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not,
or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 

For
the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a
public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such
Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 

Benchmark
Transition Start Date means, in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of (a) the applicable Benchmark
Replacement Date and (b) if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event,
the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date
of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication). 

Benchmark
Unavailability Period means, the period (if any) (a) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred
if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document
in accordance with Section 2.17 and (b) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark
for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.17 . 

Benefitted
Lender has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.8(a) . 

Black
Mass means the amalgamation of lithium-ion battery cell electrode metals (including but not limited to cobalt, nickel,
manganese, lithium, graphite) along with trace amounts of electrolyte material and scrap metals from other components within the battery,
the resulting product being derived from the Borrower s proprietary strategic de-manufacturing process, in which lithium-ion batteries
are broken down into, and separated out at, the elemental level, which product is (x) sold to refiners who are interested in the raw
materials therein, and requires further processing to retrieve them and is used in the Borrower s proprietary hydrometallurgical
chemical refining process to produce cathode sulfates and lithium hydroxide, and (y) the filter cake output of the Borrower s strategic
de-manufacturing process; provided, that Black Mass shall not include black-mass derived from LFP battery chemistries (lithium iron phosphate). 

Board 
means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor). 

Borrower 
has the meaning given to such term in the preamble hereto. 

Borrowing 
means a borrowing consisting of the Loan, which is of the same Type and, in the case of a SOFR Borrowing, having the same Interest Period
made by the Lenders. 

Borrowing
Date means the Closing Date, which is the date on which Borrower requests the Lenders to make a Loan hereunder. 

4 

Borrowing
Notice means, with respect to any request for borrowing of the Loan hereunder, a notice from Borrower, substantially in
the form of, and containing the information prescribed by, Exhibit A , delivered to Agent. 

Business
Day means a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City, New York are authorized
or required by law to close. 

Capital
Expenditures means with respect to any Person, the aggregate of all expenditures and costs (whether paid in cash or accrued
as liabilities) by such Person which are required to be capitalized under GAAP on a balance sheet of such Person, but notwithstanding
and without limiting the foregoing, Capital Expenditures shall also include all (i) Recycling Facility Costs, (ii) expenditures as to
the development, construction and placement in service of the Recycling Facility, and (iii) expenditures as to development or other exploitation
of lithium reserves. 

Capital
Lease means any lease of a Person with respect to (or other arrangement conveying to a Person the right to use) any Property
or a combination thereof, the obligations under which are required to be classified and accounted for as a capital lease on a balance
sheet of such Person under GAAP. 

Capital
Lease Obligations means, with respect to any Person, the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under
any Capital Lease and, for the purposes of this Agreement, the amount of such obligations at any time shall be the capitalized amount
thereof at such time determined in accordance with GAAP. 

Capital
Stock means any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of
a corporation, any and all equivalent membership, partnership or other ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation) and
any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase any of the foregoing. 

Capitalization 
 means, as of any date, the sum of (without duplication) (a) Consolidated Total Debt as of such date plus (b) Stockholders 
Equity as of such date. 

Cash
Equivalents means (a) marketable direct obligations issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States government
or issued by any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within one year from
the date of acquisition; (b) certificates of deposit, time deposits, eurodollar time deposits or overnight bank deposits having maturities
of six months or less from the date of acquisition issued by any Lender or by any commercial bank organized under the laws of the United
States of America or any state thereof having combined, at the time of acquisition thereof, capital and surplus of not less than 500,000,000;
(c) commercial paper of an issuer rated, at the time of acquisition thereof, at least A-2 by S P or P-2 by Moody s, or carrying
an equivalent rating by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization (within the meaning of proposed Rule 3b-
10 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act), if both of the two named rating agencies cease publishing ratings of commercial paper
issuers generally, and maturing within six months from the date of acquisition; (d) repurchase obligations of any Lender or of any commercial
bank satisfying the requirements of clause (b) of this definition, having a term of not more than 30 days with respect to securities
issued or fully guaranteed or insured by the United States government; (e) securities with maturities of one year or less from the date
of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States, by any political subdivision
or taxing authority of any such state, commonwealth or territory, the securities of which state, commonwealth, territory, political subdivision
or taxing authority (as the case may be) are rated, at the time of acquisition thereof, at least A by S P or A by Moody s;
(f) securities with maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any Lender
or any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (b) of this definition; and (g) shares of money market mutual or similar
funds which invest substantially all in assets satisfying the requirements of clauses (a) through (f) of this definition. 

5 

Cash
Flow Available for Debt Service means, for any measurement period, (a) the sum of Available Cash for such period minus
 (b) the sum (without duplication) of (i) Capital Expenditures of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries plus (ii) any Operating Expenses
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period. 

Change
of Control means the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(a) the
acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any person or group (as such
terms are defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries,
and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) of Capital Stock
representing more than 35 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of the Borrower
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the Borrower; or 

(b) during
any period of 12 consecutive months, the occupation of a majority of the seats (excluding vacant seats) on the board of directors of
the Borrower by persons who were neither (i) nominated by the board of directors of the Borrower or a duly authorized committee thereof
nor (ii) appointed or approved by directors so nominated; or 

(c) Borrower
shall cease to own and control, of record and beneficially, directly or indirectly, 100 of each class of outstanding Capital Stock of
each Subsidiary of Borrower, other than pursuant to a transaction permitted under this Agreement. 

Closing
Date means the date on which the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.1 shall have been satisfied. 

Code 
means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Collateral 
means all Property of the Loan Parties, now owned or hereafter acquired, upon which a Lien is purported to be created by any Security
Document. 

Commercial
Operations Date means the first date that the Recycling Facility produces at least 200 metric tons of Qualifying Black
Mass over the previous thirty (30) day period. 

Commitment 
means the Initial Term Loan Commitment or a Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment, as the context requires. 

Company
Policies means the written company policies and standards adopted by the management of the Borrower which are material
to the business operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, environmental, health and safety policies
of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. 

Compliance
Certificate means a certificate duly executed by a Responsible Officer, substantially in the form of Exhibit B ,
which Compliance Certificate shall include a certification describing in reasonable detail the management accounts of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries. 

6 

Conforming
Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation
of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of ABR, 
the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition
of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ),
timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or
continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 2.17 and other technical,
administrative or operational matters) that the Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such
rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by the Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the
Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Agent determines that no
market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Agent decides is reasonably
necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

Connection
Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that
are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 

Consolidated
Total Debt means, on any date, the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness of Borrower and its Subsidiaries at
such date, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 

Constituent
Documents means, with respect to any Person, (a) the articles or certificate of incorporation, certificate of formation
or partnership, articles of organization, limited liability company agreement or agreement of limited partnership (or the equivalent
organizational documents) of such Person, 

 (b)
the by-laws (or the equivalent governing documents) of such Person and (c) any document setting forth the manner of election and duties
of the directors or managing members of such Person (if any) and the designation, amount or relative rights, limitations and preferences
of any class or series of such Person s Capital Stock. 

Contingent
Obligation of a Person, means any agreement, undertaking or arrangement by which such Person assumes, guarantees, endorses,
contingently agrees to purchase or provide funds for the payment of, or otherwise becomes or is contingently liable upon, the obligation
or liability of any other Person, or agrees to maintain the net worth or working capital or other financial condition of any other Person,
or otherwise assures any creditor of such other Person against loss, including any comfort letter, operating agreement, take or pay contract
or the obligations of any such Person as general partner of a partnership with respect to the liabilities of the partnership. 

Contractual
Obligation means, with respect to any Person, any term, condition or provision of any security issued by such Person or
of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its Property is bound. 

DDTL
Commitment Expiration Date means the earliest to occur of (a) the date on which the Maximum DDTL Amount has been fully
drawn, (b) the date on which the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments are otherwise terminated and (c) May 24, 2024 (or such later date
in the Agent s and the Lenders sole discretion). 

Debt
Service means, for any measurement period, without duplication, all scheduled amortization payments of the outstanding
principal amount of the Loan and scheduled interest and fees payable (or required to be paid) under the Loan Documents during such period
(other than closing fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Loan Documents). 

7 

Debt
Service Coverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) projected Cash Flow Available for Debt
Service of Borrower and its Subsidiaries based on the most recently delivered Projections and determined on a combined basis for the
three (3) month period immediately following such date of determination to (b) projected Debt Service of Borrower and its Subsidiaries
determined on a combined basis for the three (3) month period immediately following such date of determination; provided, that any and
all assumptions used in the calculation thereof shall be reasonably acceptable to the Agent. 

Default 
means any of the events specified in Article VII , whether or not any requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time,
or both, has been satisfied. 

Default
Rate has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.10(b) . 

Defensible
Title means good and indefeasible title, free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens. 

Delayed
Draw Term Lender means, as of any date of determination, each Lender having a Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment or that
holds Delayed Draw Term Loans. 

Delayed
Draw Term Loan Availability Period means the period from and including the date on which the Initial Term Loans are paid
in full to and including the DDTL Commitment Expiration Date. 

Delayed
Draw Term Loan Commitment means, as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender, if any, to make a Delayed Draw Term
Loan to Borrower hereunder in a principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment 
opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 1.1(b) hereto, or, as the case may be, in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant
to which such Lender became a party hereto, as the same may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.4 . The original
aggregate amount of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments is 14,000,000. 

Delayed
Draw Term Loans means the loans made by the Delayed Draw Term Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.1(b) . 

Disposition 
means, with respect to any Property, any sale, lease, sale and leaseback transaction, assignment, conveyance, transfer or other disposition
(including by way of a merger or consolidation and including any unwind of any Hedging Agreement) of such Property or any interest therein
(excluding the creation of any Permitted Lien on such Property but including the sale or factoring at maturity or collection by another
Person of any accounts or permitting or suffering any other Person to acquire any interest (other than a Permitted Lien) in such Property)
or the entering into any agreement to do any of the foregoing (unless the Net Cash Proceeds expected to be received for such sale, lease,
sale and leaseback, assignment, conveyance, transfer or other disposition is equal to or greater than the aggregate amount of the Obligations
under this Agreement at the time such agreement is entered into); and the terms Dispose and Disposed of 
shall have correlative meanings. 

Disqualified
Stock means, as to any Person, any Capital Stock of such Person that by its terms (or by the terms of any security into
which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable) or otherwise (including upon the occurrence of an event) requires the payment
of dividends (other than dividends payable solely in Capital Stock which does not otherwise constitute Disqualified Stock) or matures
or is required to be redeemed (pursuant to any sinking fund obligation or otherwise) or is convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness
or is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof, in whole or in part, at any time on or prior to the date that is after the Maturity
Date. 

Dollars 
 and means lawful currency of the United States of America. 

8 

EEA
Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country that is
subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country that is a parent of an
institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country that is
a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its
parent. 

EEA
Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 

EEA
Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority
of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 

Environmental
Laws means any and all applicable laws, rules, orders, regulations, statutes, ordinances, codes, decrees or other
legally enforceable requirements (including common law) of any Governmental Authority regulating, relating to or imposing liability
or standards of conduct concerning pollution, protection of the environment, natural resources or of human health, or employee
health and safety, as has been, is now, or may at any time hereafter be, in effect, including the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq. , the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act, 49
U.S.C. 5101 et seq. , the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, 42 U.S.C. 6901 et seq. , the Clean Water
Act, 33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq. , the Clean Air Act, 42 U.S.C. 7401 et seq. , the Toxic Substances Control
Act, 15 U.S.C. 2601 et seq. , the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act, 7 U.S.C. 136 et
seq. , the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, 33 U.S.C. 2701 et seq. , the Occupational Safety and Health Act, 29 U.S.C.
 651 et seq. , and the regulations promulgated pursuant thereto, and all analogous state or local statutes and
regulations. 

Environmental
Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of medical monitoring,
costs of environmental remediation or restoration, administrative oversight costs, attorneys fees, consultants fees, fines,
penalties or indemnities) directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) any violation of any Environmental Law or Environmental
Permit, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Materials of Environmental Concern,
(c) exposure to any Materials of Environmental Concern, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Materials of Environmental Concern
or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any
of the foregoing. 

Environmental
Permits means any and all permits, licenses, approvals, registrations, notifications, exemptions and other authorizations
required or obtained under any Environmental Law. 

ERISA 
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended. 

ERISA
Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with Borrower, any Guarantor
or any of their respective Subsidiaries within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code
for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 

9 

ERISA
Event means (a) any reportable event , has the meaning given to such term in Section 4043 of ERISA or the
regulations issued thereunder with respect to any ERISA Plan (other than an event for which the 30 day notice period is waived); (b)
any failure by Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate to satisfy the minimum funding standard (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code
or Section 302 of ERISA) applicable to any ERISA Plan, in each case whether or not waived; (c) a determination that any ERISA Plan is,
or is expected to be, in at-risk status (has the meaning given to such term in Section 430(i)(4) of the Code or Section
303(i)(4) of ERISA); (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate any ERISA Plan if such termination would require material additional
contributions in order to be considered a standard termination within the meaning of Section 4041(b) of ERISA, the filing under Section
4041(c) of ERISA of a notice of intent to terminate any ERISA Plan or the termination of any ERISA Plan under Section 4041(c) of ERISA;
(e) the institution of proceedings under Section 4042 of ERISA by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation for the termination of, or
the appointment of a trustee to administer, any ERISA Plan; (f) Borrower or an ERISA Affiliate incurring any liability under Title IV
of ERISA with respect to any ERISA Plan (other than premiums due and not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA); (g) the complete or
partial withdrawal of Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from any ERISA Plan or a Multiemployer Plan; or (h) the receipt by Borrower or
any ERISA Affiliates of any notice, of the imposition of withdrawal liability or of a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or
is expected to be, in endangered or critical status, within the meaning of Section 305 of ERISA. 

ERISA
Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) that is covered by Title IV of ERISA, and
in respect of which Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed
to be) an employer has the meaning given to such term in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 

Erroneous
Payment has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.24(a) . 

Erroneous
Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.24(d)(i) . 

Erroneous
Payment Impacted Class has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.24(d)(i) . 

Erroneous
Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.24(d)(i) . 

Erroneous
Payment Subrogation Rights has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.24(e) . 

Event
of Abandonment means (i) (A) the actual abandonment of the Recycling Facility or (B) the entry of an
injunction, judgment or decree by a Governmental Authority against the Borrower requiring the actual abandonment of the Recycling
Facility or all or substantially all of the activities related to the development, construction, conversion, or operation of the
Recycling Facility, and such injunction, judgment or decree is not effectively stayed for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days,
(ii) the suspension or cessation of, or the entry of an injunction, judgment or decree against the Borrower requiring the suspension
or cessation of, all or substantially all of the activities related to the development, construction, conversion, or operation of
the Recycling Facility, in each case, for a period in excess of sixty (60) consecutive days unless the Borrower demonstrates to the
Agent s reasonable satisfaction that (A) such cessation or suspension of operations has occurred by reason of force majeure
and the Borrower has consented to the cessation or suspension of operations by reason of such force majeure; or (iii) a formal,
public announcement by the Borrower of a decision to permanently abandon or indefinitely defer or suspend the development,
construction, conversion or operation of the Recycling Facility for any reason. 

Event
of Default means any of the events specified in Article VII ; provided that any requirement for the giving of notice,
the lapse of time, or both, has been satisfied. 

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

10 

Excluded
Assets means: 

(a) any
of any Loan Party s rights or interests in or under any property to the extent that, and only for so long as, such grant of a security
interest (i) requires a consent of a Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such property that is required pursuant to any applicable
law of such Governmental Authority and such consent has not been obtained by the Loan Party or (ii) is prohibited by, or constitutes
a breach or default under or results in the termination of or requires any consent (other than the consent of any Loan Party) not obtained
under, any contract license, agreement, instrument or other document, in each case, that directly evidences or gives rise to such property;
provided, that any of the foregoing exclusions shall not apply if (A) such prohibition has been waived or such other party has otherwise
consented to the creation hereunder of a security interest in such asset or (B) such prohibition, consent or term in such contract, license,
agreement, instrument or other document providing for such prohibition breach, default or termination or requiring such consent is ineffective
or would be rendered ineffective under any requirement of a Governmental Authority, including pursuant to Section 9-406, 9-407, 9-408
or 9-409 of Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code; 

(b) any
real property that is not Material Real Property (including, as of the Closing Date, property in Nye County, Nevada, consisting of approximately
113.73 acres and bearing Assessor s Parcel Number 013- 841-01 and commonly known as Lynn Ranch and the Recycling Facility); 

(c)
any Vehicles or Equipment (as defined in the UCC) to the extent that such Vehicles or Equipment (a) is not located on Material Real
Property and (b) has not been moved from Material Real Property or otherwise Disposed in a manner not permitted by this Credit
Agreement, the Guarantee and Security Agreement and the other Loan Documents; provided, however, in no event shall the Equipment
listed on Schedule 1.1(a) constitute Excluded Assets; 

(d) any Intellectual Property; 

(e) any Capital Stock of any Loan Party; 

(f) real property interests and mining claims located in Nye and Esmeralda Counties, Nevada, and in Inyo County, California, in each case, to the extent not involved in the recycling of lithium ion batteries; and 

(g) any and all water rights or water-related rights owned by any Loan Party. 

provided
further that it is understood, for the avoidance of doubt, that immediately upon any of the foregoing becoming or being rendered ineffective
or any such prohibition, requirement for consent or term lapsing or terminating or such consent being obtained, the applicable Loan Party
shall be deemed to have granted a Lien in all its rights, title and interests in and to such property. 

Excluded
Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted
from a payment to a Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits
Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or,
in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision
thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable
to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which
(i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.15 or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.12 , amounts with
respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to
such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with
 Section 2.12(e) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 

11 

FATCA 
means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively
comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any
agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted
pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among Governmental Authorities entered into in connection with the
implementation of the foregoing. 

FCPA 
has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.16(c) . 

Federal
Funds Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the rate calculated by the SOFR Administrator based on such day s
Federal funds transactions by depositary institutions (as determined in such manner as the SOFR Administrator shall set forth on its
public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the SOFR Administrator as the Federal funds effective
rate and (b) 0 . 

Floor 
means a rate of interest equal to 1.00 

Foreign
Lender means any Lender that is not a U.S. Person. 

Funding
Office means the office specified from time to time by Agent as its funding office by notice to Borrower and the Lenders. 

GAAP 
means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect from time to time. 

Governmental
Authority means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof and any entity exercising executive,
legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative functions of or pertaining to government, any province, commonwealth, territory,
possession, county, parish, town, township, village or municipality, whether now existing or hereafter constituted or existing. 

Granting
Lender has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.7(g) . 

Guarantee
and Security Agreement means the Guarantee and Security Agreement to be executed and delivered by Borrower, each other
party identified as a Guarantor or Grantor on the signature pages thereto and Agent, substantially in the
form of Exhibit D . 

12 

Guarantee
Obligation means, as to any Person (the guaranteeing person ), any obligation of (a) the
guaranteeing person or (b) another Person (including any bank under any letter of credit), if to induce the creation of such
obligation of such other Person, the guaranteeing person has issued a reimbursement, counterindemnity or similar obligation, in
either case guaranteeing or in effect guaranteeing any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations (the primary
obligations of any other third Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or
indirectly, including any obligation of the guaranteeing person, whether or not contingent, (w) to purchase any such primary
obligation or any Property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, (x) to advance or supply funds (i) for the purchase or
payment of any such primary obligation or (ii) to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to
maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, (y) to purchase Property, securities or services, in each case, primarily
for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such
primary obligation or (z) otherwise to assure or hold harmless the owner of any such primary obligation against loss in respect
thereof; provided that the term Guarantee Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the
ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee Obligation of any guaranteeing person shall be deemed to be the lower of
(I) an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee Obligation is
made and (II) the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying
such Guarantee Obligation, unless such primary obligation and the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person may be liable
are not stated or determinable, in which case the amount of such Guarantee Obligation shall be such guaranteeing person s
maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by Borrower in good faith. 

Guarantor 
means each Person who is a party as a Guarantor and Grantor to the Guarantee and Security Agreement, including
each Subsidiary of the Borrower that becomes a Guarantor pursuant to Section 5.11 . 

Hedging
Agreement means, with respect to any Person, (a) any transaction (including an agreement with respect to any such transaction)
now existing or hereafter entered into by such Person that is a rate swap transaction, swap option, basis swap, forward rate transaction,
commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap or option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction,
cap transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency option,
spot transaction, credit protection transaction, credit swap, credit default swap, credit default option, total return swap, credit spread
transaction, repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back transaction, securities lending transaction, or any
other similar transaction (including any option with respect to any of these transactions) or any combination thereof, whether or not
any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all agreements of any kind, and the related confirmations,
which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and
Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement,
together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under
any Master Agreement. 

Highest
Lawful Rate means, with respect to each Lender, the maximum nonusurious interest rate, if any, that at any time or from
time to time may be contracted for, taken, reserved, charged or received on the Loan or on other Indebtedness under laws applicable to
such Lender which are presently in effect or, to the extent allowed by law, under such applicable laws which may hereafter be in effect
and which allow a higher maximum nonusurious interest rate than applicable laws allow as of the date hereof. 

Illegality
Notice has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.17(b) . 

Indebtedness 
of any Person at any date, means, without duplication: 

(a) all indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money, 

(b) all
obligations of such Person for the deferred purchase price of Property or services (other than trade accounts and accrued expenses payable
in the ordinary course of business and not outstanding for more than 90 days past the original invoice date or the billing date thereof,
or if overdue more than 90 days, as to which a dispute exists and adequate reserves in conformity with GAAP have been established on
the books of such Person), 

(c) all obligations of such Person evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or other similar instruments, 

13 

(d) all
indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention agreement with respect to Property acquired by such
Person (even though the rights and remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to repossession
or sale of such Property), 

(e) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, 

(f) all
obligations of such Person, contingent or otherwise, as an account party or applicant under acceptance, letter of credit or similar facilities, 

(g) all obligations of such Person in respect of Disqualified Stock of such Person, 

(h) all Guarantee Obligations of such Person in respect of obligations of another Person of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (g) above; 

(i) all obligations of the kind referred to in clauses (a) through (h) above secured by (or for which the holder of such obligation has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on Property (including accounts and contract rights) owned by such Person, whether or not such Person has assumed or become liable for the payment of such obligation; and 

(j) all
obligations (netted, to the extent provided for therein) of such Person in respect of Hedging Agreements arising in connection with or
as a result of early or premature termination of a Hedging Agreement, whether or not occurring as a result of a default thereunder. 

The
Indebtedness of a Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other Person (including any partnership in which such Person is a general
partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor as a result of such Person s ownership interest in or other relationship
with such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness expressly provide that such Person is not liable therefor. 

Indemnified
Liabilities has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.6(a) . 

Indemnified
Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any
obligation of the Borrower under any Loan Document, (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes and (c) Taxes imposed
as a result of a change in applicable law on or with respect to any Recipient s loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments,
or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto that would not otherwise be Indemnified
Taxes without regard to this clause (c) (other than (i) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes
and (ii) Connection Income Taxes). 

Indemnitee 
has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.6(a) . 

Independent
Accountants means Marcum LLP, Deloitte Touche, LLP, Ernst Young LLP, KPMG LLP, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
or such other independent certified public accountants reasonably acceptable to Agent. 

Initial
Monthly Payment Date means the earlier of (a) November 17, 2023 and (b) the last Business Day of the calendar month following
the month in which the Commercial Operations Date had occurred. 

Initial
Supply Contracts means each supply contract relating to the sale or provision of feedstock for the production of Black
Mass to which any Loan Party is party or bound on the Closing Date. 

14 

Initial
Term Lender means, as of any date of determination, each Lender having an Initial Term Loan Commitment or that holds Initial
Term Loans. 

Initial
Term Loans means the loans made by the Initial Term Lenders to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.2 . 

Initial
Term Loan Commitment means, as to any Lender, the obligation of such Lender, if any, to make an Initial Term Loan to Borrower
hereunder in a principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth under the heading Initial Term Loan Commitment opposite
such Lender s name on Schedule 1.1(b) hereto, or, as the case may be, in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which
such Lender became a party hereto, as the same may be reduced from time to time pursuant to Section 2.1 . The original aggregate
amount of the Initial Term Loan Commitments is 6,000,000. 

Intellectual
Property means the collective reference to all rights, priorities and privileges relating to intellectual property, whether
arising under United States, state, multinational or foreign laws or otherwise, including copyrights, copyright licenses, patents, patent
licenses, trademarks, trademark licenses, service-marks, technology, know-how and processes, licenses or rights to use databases, geological
data, geophysical data, engineering data, seismic data, maps, interpretations and other technical information, recipes, formulas, trade
secrets and all rights to sue at law or in equity for any infringement or other impairment thereof, including the right to receive all
proceeds and damages therefrom. 

Interest
Payment Date means (a) the last day of each March, June, September and December (commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending
June 30, 2023) and (b) the Maturity Date. 

Interest
Period means (a) initially, the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the next succeeding Interest Payment
Date, (b) each subsequent period commencing on the day after the last Interest Payment Date and ending on the next succeeding Interest
Payment Date and (c) the period commencing on the first day of the Fiscal Quarter during which the Maturity Date occurs and ending on
the Maturity Date. 

Interest
Rate means (x) in respect of a SOFR Loan, a rate equal to Adjusted Term SOFR Rate plus the Applicable Margin and (y) in
respect of an ABR Loan, a rate equal to ABR plus the Applicable Margin. 

Investment 
for any Person means: 

(a) the
acquisition (whether for cash, Property of such Person, services or securities or otherwise) of Capital Stock, bonds, notes, debentures,
debt securities, partnership or other ownership interests or other securities of, or any Property constituting an ongoing business of,
or the making of any capital contribution to, any other Person or any agreement to make any such acquisition or capital contribution
(unless the Obligations will be refinanced at par in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such agreement), 

(b) the
purchase or other acquisition (in one or a series of transactions of all or substantially all of the property and assets of business
of another Person or assets constituting a business unit, line of business or division of such Person, 

(c) the
making of any advance, loan or other extension of credit to, any other Person (including the purchase of Property from another Person
subject to an understanding or agreement, contingent or otherwise, to resell such Property to such Person, but excluding any such advance,
loan or extension of credit having a term not exceeding 90 days representing the purchase price of inventory or supplies sold in the
ordinary course of business), 

15 

(d) the
entering into of any Guarantee of, or other Contingent Obligation with respect to, Indebtedness or other liability of any other Person,
and 

(e) any
other investment that would be classified as such on a balance sheet of such Person in accordance with GAAP. 

Invoice
Deduction has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.9 . 

IRS 
means the U.S. Internal Revenue Service. 

Lenders 
has the meaning given to such term in the preamble hereto. 

Lien 
means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, collateral assignment, deposit arrangement (other than deposit accounts of a Loan Party),
encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge or other security interest or any preference, priority or other security agreement or
preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever intended to assure payment or performance of any Indebtedness or other obligation
(including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, the interest of a lessor under a Capital Lease, any financing lease
having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing and the filing of any financing statement under the UCC or comparable
law of any jurisdiction naming the owner of the asset to which such Lien relates as debtor). 

Loan
Documents means this Agreement, the Security Documents, the Notes, the Marketing Agreement and each certificate, agreement,
instrument, waiver, consent or document executed by a Loan Party and delivered to Agent or any Lender in connection with or pursuant
to any of the foregoing. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices,
exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, amendments and restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto,
and shall refer to this Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative. 

Loan
Parties means Borrower and each Guarantor. 

Loans 
means, collectively, the Initial Term Loans and the Delayed Draw Term Loans and Loan means any of the foregoing. 

Marketer 
means Mercuria Energy America LLC, or its assignee as the Marketer under the marketing Agreement, which assignee may be, but is not limited
to, being a Mercuria Party. 

Marketing
Agreement means that certain Marketing Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Borrower, as ABTC and Mercuria
Energy America, LLC, as MM. 

Master
Agreement has the meaning given to such term in the definition of Hedging Agreement . 

Material
Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on any of (a) the business, assets, property or condition (financial or
otherwise) of the Loan Parties taken as a whole, (b) the value of the Collateral, (c) the legality, validity or enforceability of this
Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or the rights or remedies of Agent or the Lenders hereunder or thereunder, (d) the perfection
or priority of the Liens granted pursuant to the Security Documents or (e) the ability of Borrower to repay the Obligations or of the
Loan Parties to perform their obligations under the Loan Documents. 

16 

Material
Contract has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.25(i) . 

Material
Environmental Amount means an amount or amounts payable or reasonably likely to become payable by any Loan Party or any
of its Subsidiaries, in the aggregate in excess of 500,000, for costs to comply with or any liability under any Environmental Law, failure
to obtain or comply with any Environmental Permit, costs of any investigation, and any remediation, of any Release of Materials of Environmental
Concern, and any other cost or liability, including compensatory damages (including damages to natural resources), punitive damages,
fines, and penalties pursuant to any Environmental Law. 

Material
Real Property means (a) on the Closing Date, (i) 395 Logan Lane, (ii) 390 Logan Lane and (iii) 695 East Sydney Drive and
(b) after the Closing Date, such other real Property of the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is required to become Collateral
in accordance with Section 5.11(b) or any other provision hereunder or that is added as Collateral by mutual agreement of the
Borrower and the Agent. 

Materials
of Environmental Concern means any petroleum or petroleum products, polychlorinated biphenyls, natural gas or natural
gas products, asbestos, per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, pollutants, contaminants, radioactive materials, hazardous materials, hazardous
substances and hazardous wastes, toxic substances, and any other substances or materials of any kind, whether or not any such substance
or material is defined as hazardous or toxic under any Environmental Law, that is regulated pursuant to or could give rise to liability
under any Environmental Law. 

Maturity
Date means March 17, 2025. Maximum DDTL Amount means 14,000,000. 

Mercuria
Party means Mercuria Investments US, Inc., Mercuria Energy America, LLC, Mercuria Green HoldCo 1, LLC or any Affiliate
of the foregoing. 

MIPA 
means that certain Second Amended and Restated Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2023, between the Borrower
and the Seller. 

Monthly
Payment Date means (a) with respect to the Initial Term Loans, (i) the Initial Monthly Payment Date and (ii) the last
Business Day of each of the following calendar months after the Initial Monthly Payment Date on and before the twelfth month after the
Closing Date and (b) with respect to any Delayed Draw Term Loans, (i) the last Business Day of the month pursuant to which such Delayed
Draw Term Loans were borrowed and (ii) the last Business Day of each of the nine (9) months thereafter (or, if there are less than nine
(9) months on or prior to the Maturity Date at the time such Delayed Draw Term Loans were borrowed, then each of such remaining months). 

Moody s 
means Moody s Investors Service, Inc., or its successor. Mortgage Policies has the meaning given to
such term in Section 5.11(b)(ii) . 

Mortgaged
Properties means each of the Real Properties then owned by the Loan Parties listed on Schedule 1.1(c) , together
with any other Real Property constituting Collateral which Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries may hereafter acquire (but excluding any
Real Property disposed of by the Loan Parties in accordance with this Agreement), in each case as to which Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Parties is granted a Lien pursuant to one or more Mortgages in accordance with the Loan Documents. 

17 

Mortgages 
means each of the mortgages and deeds of trust made by any Loan Party in favor of, or for the benefit of, Agent for the benefit of the
Secured Parties, substantially in the form of Exhibit E (with such changes thereto as shall be advisable under the law of the
jurisdiction in which such mortgage or deed of trust is to be recorded), which form is acceptable to Agent. 

Multiemployer
Plan means a multiemployer plan (has the meaning given to such term in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA) that
is contributed to by Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate. 

Net
Cash Proceeds means, (a) in connection with any Asset Sale, the proceeds thereof in the form of cash and Cash Equivalents
(including any such proceeds received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase
price adjustment receivable or otherwise, but only as and when received) of such Asset Sale, net of (i) amounts required to be applied
to the repayment of Indebtedness secured by a Lien expressly permitted hereunder on any asset that is the subject of such Asset Sale
(other than any Lien pursuant to a Security Document), (ii) in the case of an Asset Sale, attorneys fees, accountants fees,
investment bank fees and other reasonable and customary fees and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith and (iii) taxes paid
or reasonably estimated to be payable as a result thereof (after taking into account any available tax credits or deductions and any
tax sharing arrangements); and (b) in connection with any issuance or sale of debt securities or instruments or the incurrence of Indebtedness
for borrowed money, the cash proceeds received from such issuance, sale or incurrence, net of attorneys fees, accountants 
fees, investment bank fees, underwriting discounts and commissions and other reasonable and customary fees and expenses actually incurred
in connection therewith. 

Note 
has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.5(f) . 

Obligations 
means the unpaid principal of and interest on (including interest accruing after the maturity of the Loan and interest accruing after
the filing of any petition in bankruptcy, or the commencement of any insolvency, reorganization or like proceeding, relating to any Loan
Party, whether or not a claim for post-filing or post-petition interest is allowed in such proceeding) the Loan, the obligations of any
Loan Party owed to Agent or Lender (or affiliate thereof) pursuant to the Marketing Agreement and all other obligations and liabilities
of any Loan Party to Agent or to any Lender or other Secured Party, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become
due, or now existing or hereafter incurred, which may arise under, out of, or in connection with, this Agreement, any other Loan Document,
or any other document made, delivered or given in connection herewith or therewith, whether on account of principal, interest, fees,
reimbursement obligations, indemnities, costs, expenses (including all fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to Agent or to any
Lender that are required to be paid by any Loan Party pursuant hereto) or otherwise. 

OFAC 
has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.16(b) . 

OID 
has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.16 . 

Operating
Expenses shall mean (a) the projected operating and maintenance costs and expenses of the operations and facilities (including
the Recycling Facility and the other Material Real Property) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including all labor, utilities, property
taxes, feedstock and other costs and (b) the projected administrative, management and overhead costs and expenses of the Borrower and
its Subsidiaries (including (i) franchise and similar Taxes and other fees, Taxes and expenses required to maintain their corporate existence
and any amounts related to any Tax penalties and examinations, (ii) indemnity payments in connection with their management and maintenance,
(iii) amounts relating to insurance (including the costs of premiums and deductibles and brokers expenses), (iv) amounts related
to obtaining and maintaining any governmental approvals and (v) legal, accounting, general administrative and other overhead costs and
expenses and professional fees (including fees associated with any audit)). 

18 

Other
Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between
such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered,
become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced
any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in the Loan or Loan Document). 

Other
Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise
from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection
of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes
imposed with respect to an assignment. 

Participant 
has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.7(b) . 

Participant
Register has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.7(b) . 

Patriot
Act has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.20 . 

Payment
in Full means the Commitments have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees
payable hereunder and all other Obligations (other than indemnities and other contingent obligations not then due and payable and as
to which no claim has been made and) shall have been paid in full in cash. 

Payment
Office means the office specified from time to time by Agent as its payment office by notice to Borrower and the Lenders;
 provided all payments becoming due and payable under the Loan Documents or on any Note must be made in New York, New York by wire
transfer to a bank and account located in the State of New York specified by Agent. Agent may at any time, by notice to Borrower, change
the place of payment of any such payments so long as such place of payment is in the State of New York. 

Payment
Recipient has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.24(a) . 

Permits 
means the collective reference to (i) Environmental Permits, and (ii) any and all other franchises, licenses, leases, permits, approvals,
consents, notifications, certifications, registrations, authorizations, exemptions, variances, qualifications, easements and rights of
way of any Governmental Authority or third party. 

Permitted
Indebtedness has the meaning given to such term in Section 6.2 . 

Permitted
Liens means the collective reference to (a) in the case of Collateral other than Pledged Stock, Liens permitted by Section
6.3 and (b) in the case of Collateral consisting of Pledged Stock, (i) Liens created under the Loan Documents and (ii) non-consensual
Liens permitted by Section 6.3 to the extent arising by operation of law. 

Person 
means an individual, partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated
association, joint venture, Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever nature. 

19 

Pledged
Stock has the meaning given to such term in the Guarantee and Security Agreement. 

Prepayment
Date means, with respect to any prepayment pursuant to Sections 2.7 or 2.8 , the date of such prepayment. 

Prime
Rate means a fluctuating interest rate per annum as shall be in effect from time to time equal to the rate of interest
published as the prime rate by The Wall Street Journal. Any change in such rate published by The Wall Street Journal shall take effect
at the opening of business on the day specified in the publication of such change. 

Pro
Forma Balance Sheet has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.1(a) . 

Projections 
has the meaning given to such term in Section 5.3(c) . 

Property 
means any right or interest in or to property of any kind whatsoever, whether real, personal or mixed and whether tangible or intangible.
Unless otherwise qualified, all references to Property in this Agreement shall refer to a Property or Properties of the Loan Parties
and their Subsidiaries. 

Qualified
Replacement Party means, with respect to any Replacement Material Contract, a Person that has at least substantially similar
credit quality (or is otherwise credit supported so that the credit risk of such counterparty is not materially less favorable to the
Loan Parties than the existing counterparty) and experience as the counterparty to the Relevant Material Contract that such Person is
replacing (measured based on such counterparty s credit quality and experience on the date on which it entered into the Relevant
Material Contract being replaced). 

Qualifying
Black Mass means Black Mass meeting the specification set forth on Schedule 1.1(d) . 

Real
Property means the surface, leasehold and other real property rights and interests owned, leased or otherwise held by
any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, including, without limitation, Mortgaged Properties. 

Recipient 
means (a) the Agent or (b) any Lender, as applicable. 

Recycling
Facility means that certain battery recycling facility, located in Storey County, Nevada, and having an address of 2500
Peru Drive, McCarran, Nevada, consisting of Real Property, equipment and other Property pursuant to which the Loan Parties intend to
recycle lithium-ion batteries into Black Mass. 

Recycling
Facility Costs means for any period, the sum, computed without duplication, of all costs and expenses incurred in connection
with the development, design, engineering, procurement, construction, conversion, equipping, assembly, inspection, testing, completion,
start-up and financing of the Recycling Facility (incurred by the Loan Parties and not reimbursed by any other Person), including, without
limitation (to the extent relating to the Recycling Facility): (a) all amounts payable under the Material Contracts or other agreements
of the Loan Parties, and (b) insurance costs. 

Register 
has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.7(d) . 

Regulation
U means Regulation U of the Board as in effect from time to time. 

Regulation X means Regulation
X of the Board as in effect from time to time. 

20 

Related
Fund means, with respect to any Lender, any fund that invests in loans and is managed or advised by the same investment
advisor as such Lender, by such Lender or an Affiliate of such Lender. 

Release 
means any depositing, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, migrating,
dumping, or disposing. 

Relevant
Governmental Body means the Board or the SOFR Administrator, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board
or the SOFR Administrator, or any successor thereto. 

Relevant
Material Contract means any contract or agreement the termination of which would materially and adversely affect the operation
of Borrower if not replaced with a Replacement Material Contract within sixty days of such termination. 

Remaining
Scheduled Principal Payments means, with respect to the Loan on any date, (a) the remaining principal payments in respect
of the Loan required to be made pursuant to Section 2.5(a) and (b) the principal payment in respect of the Loan required to be
made on the Maturity Date pursuant to Section 2.5(b) . 

Replacement
Material Contract means, in respect of any Relevant Material Contract or any Specified Material Contract, as applicable,
any contract or agreement that (a) is entered into by any Loan Party in replacement of such Relevant Material Contract or such Specified
Material Contract, (b) has economic and other terms which, taken as a whole, are not materially less favorable to the Loan Parties as
the Relevant Material Contract or Specified Material Contract being replaced, and (c) is with one or more Qualified Replacement Parties. 

Required
Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having Aggregate Exposure Percentages of more than 50 . 

Requirement
of Law means, as to any Person, the Constituent Documents of such Person, and any law, treaty, rule or regulation or determination
of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its Property
or to which such Person or any of its Property is subject. 

Responsible
Officer means, as to any Loan Party, the chief executive officer, president, manager or chief financial officer of such
Loan Party, but in any event, with respect to financial matters, the chief financial officer of such Loan Party. Unless otherwise qualified,
all references to a Responsible Officer shall refer to a Responsible Officer of Borrower. 

Restricted
Payments has the meaning given to such term in Section 6.6 . 

S P 
means Standard Poor s Ratings Services, or its successor. 

Sanctions has the meaning given to
such term in Section 3.16(b) . 

SEC 
means the Securities and Exchange Commission (or successor thereto or an analogous Governmental Authority). 

Secured
Parties means, collectively, Agent and any Lender. 

21 

Security
Documents the collective reference to the Guarantee and Security Agreement, the Mortgages, each Deposit Account Control
Agreement, and all other security documents hereafter delivered to Agent granting a Lien on any Property of any Loan Party to secure
any of the Obligations. 

Seller 
 means LiNiCo Corporation, a Nevada corporation, in its capacity as seller under the MIPA. 

SOFR 
means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate as administered by the SOFR Administrator. 

SOFR
Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing
rate). 

SOFR
Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the SOFR Loan comprising such Borrowing. 

SOFR
Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on Term SOFR, other than pursuant to clause (c) of the
definition of ABR . 

Solvency
Certificate means a solvency certificate and analysis by the manager of Borrower substantially in the form of Exhibit
F . 

Solvent 
means, with respect to any Person, as of any date of determination, (a) the amount of the present fair saleable value of
the assets of such Person will, as of such date, exceed the amount of all liabilities of such Person, contingent or otherwise ,
as of such date, as such quoted terms are determined in accordance with applicable federal and state laws governing determinations of
the insolvency of debtors, (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person will, as of such date, be greater than the
amount that will be required to pay the liability of such Person on its debts as such debts become absolute and matured, (c) such Person
will not have, as of such date, an unreasonably small amount of capital with which to conduct its business, (d) such Person will be able
to pay its debts as they mature and (e) such Person is not insolvent within the meaning of any applicable Requirement of Law. For purposes
of this definition, (i) debt means liability on a claim , and (ii) claim means
any (x) right to payment, whether or not such a right is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured,
disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, secured or unsecured or (y) right to an equitable remedy for breach of performance if such breach
gives rise to a right to payment, whether or not such right to an equitable remedy is reduced to judgment, fixed, contingent, matured
or unmatured, disputed, undisputed, secured or unsecured. The amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the
amount that would reasonably be expected to become an actual and matured liability. 

Specified
Material Contracts means (a) the Initial Supply Contracts, (b) any agreements (or a set of related agreements) relating
to the purchase or sale of any Black Mass by the Loan Parties and obligating any Loan Party to pay or receive any consideration of more
than 1,000,000 per year with a tenor of three (3) months or more (other than the Marketing Agreement); (c) any offtake agreements relating
to the sale or marketing (or both) of Black Mass and obligating any Loan Party to pay or receive any consideration of more than 1,000,000
per year; and (d) any contract or other arrangement (other than the Loan Documents) to which any Loan Party is a party as to which the
breach, nonperformance, cancellation or failure to renew by any party thereto could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. 

Specified
Period means the number of months from and including the month in which the Initial Monthly Payment Date occurs to and
including the month in which the final Monthly Payment Date for the Initial Term Loan occurs. 

22 

Specified
Voluntary Prepayment has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.5(a) . 

SPV 
has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.7(g) . 

Stockholders 
Equity means, as of the time for which any determination thereof is to be made, (a) the book value of stockholders 
equity of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined in accordance with GAAP and (b) either (i) plus the amount by which such stockholders 
equity shall have been reduced by reason of any non-cash loss or (ii) minus the amount by which such stockholders equity shall
have been increased by reason of any non-cash gain, in either case from changes in mark-to-market value of hedges, net of tax, resulting
from the requirements of ASC Topic 815. 

Subsidiary 
means, as to any Person, a corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity of which shares of Capital Stock having
ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency)
to elect a majority of the board of directors or other managers (or persons performing similar functions) of such corporation, partnership,
limited liability company or other entity are at the time owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, in each case, directly
or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise qualified, all references to a Subsidiary 
or to Subsidiaries in this Agreement shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of Borrower. 

Subsidiary
Guarantor means each Subsidiary of Borrower that is a Guarantor. 

Tax
Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, (a) any Subsidiary of such Person, and (b) any Affiliate of such Person with
which such Person files or is eligible to file consolidated, combined or unitary tax returns. 

Tax
Return has the meaning given to such term in Section 3.12 . 

Taxes 
means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees
or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 

Term
SOFR means the Term SOFR Reference Rate with a tenor of three (3) months at approximately 6:00 a.m., New York City time,
two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of the relevant three (3) month interest period, as such rate
is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided , that if Term SOFR determined as provided above shall ever be less than
the Floor, then Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 

Term
SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR
Reference Rate selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion). 

Term
SOFR Determination Day has the meaning given to such term in the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate . 

Term
SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), the
rate per annum determined by the Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR with a tenor of three (3) months. If by 5:00 p.m.
(New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of three (3) months
has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has
not occurred, then the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published
in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was
published by the Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three
(3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 

23 

Total
Net Debt to Capitalization Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) (i) Consolidated Total Debt
as of such date minus (ii) Unrestricted Cash that would be listed on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
as of such date to (b) Capitalization as of such date. 

Transactions 
means, collectively, (a) the execution and delivery of this Credit Agreement, the Marketing Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the
initial borrowings hereunder, and (b) the payment of all fees and expenses to be paid on or prior to the Closing Date and owing in connection
with the foregoing. 

Transferee 
has the meaning given to such term in Section 9.15 . 

Type 
when used in reference to the Loan or the Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on the Loan, or on the Loan comprising such
Borrowing, is determined by reference to Term SOFR or ABR. 

U.S.
Borrower means any Borrower that is a U.S. Person. 

U.S.
Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities
Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for
purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

U.S.
Person means any Person that is a United States person as defined in Section 770(a)(30) of the Code. 

U.S.
Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning given to such term in Section 2.12(e)(ii)(c) . 

UCC 
means the Uniform Commercial Code, as in effect from time to time in the State of New York or other applicable jurisdiction. 

Unadjusted
Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 

Unrestricted
Cash means cash of any Loan Party that would not appear as restricted on a consolidated balance sheet of
such Loan Party. 

Wholly
Owned Subsidiary as to any Person, means any other Person all of the Capital Stock of which (other than directors 
qualifying shares required by law) is owned by such Person directly and/or through other Wholly Owned Subsidiaries. 

Wholly
Owned Subsidiary Guarantor means any Subsidiary Guarantor that is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Borrower. 

Withholding
Agent means any Loan Party and the Agent, as applicable. 

24 

1.2
Other Definitional Provisions. 

(a) Unless
otherwise specified therein, all terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when used in the other Loan Documents
or any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto. 

(b) As
used herein and in the other Loan Documents, and any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, accounting
terms relating to Borrower and its Subsidiaries not defined in Section 1.1 and accounting terms partly defined in Section 1.1 ,
to the extent not defined, shall have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP; provided that for purposes of Section 6.1 ,
any non-cash items arising under FAS 133, 142, 143 or 144 shall be excluded from the relevant calculation. 

(c) The words hereof , herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section, Schedule and Exhibit references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. 

(d) References
to Borrower s knowledge or a Loan Party s knowledge or words of similar import means the actual
knowledge of the applicable Responsible Officer of the Borrower or such Loan Party, as applicable. 

(e) The
meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms of such terms. 

(f) References
in this Agreement to any statute shall be to such statute as amended or modified and in effect at the time any such reference is operative. 

(g) References to this Agreement or any other agreement, instrument or other document shall be construed as referring to this Agreement or such other agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, amendments and restatements, supplements or other modification set forth herein or in any other Loan Document). 

(h) The term including when used in any Loan Document means including without limitation except when used in the computation of time periods. 

(i) The term or has, except where otherwise indicated, the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase and/or . 

(j) The terms Lender and Agent include their respective successors. 

(k) The words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, Capital Stock, securities (as such term is defined in the Securities Act), revenues, accounts, leasehold interests and contract rights. 

(l) Each
reference to Loan Party in Article III shall include any Subsidiary of Borrower that is or, pursuant to Section
5.12 or Section 6.16 , is required to be a Guarantor. 

1.3 Computation
of Time Periods . In this Agreement, in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word
 from means from and including and the words to and until each mean to
but excluding and the word through means to and including. 

25 

1.4 Rates .
The Agent does not warrant or accept responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to (a) the continuation of, administration
of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to ABR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term SOFR, or any component definition
thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark
Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including
any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity
as, ABR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect,
implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. The Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions
that affect the calculation of ABR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including
any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Agent may select
information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain ABR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark,
in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or
entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or
expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or
component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 

1.5 Divisions .
For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable
event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset,
right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the
subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first
date of its existence by the holders of its Capital Stock at such time. 

ARTICLE
II 

 AMOUNT
AND TERMS OF COMMITMENTS 

2.1
Loan Commitments; Amounts. 

(a) Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and in reliance upon the representations and warranties set
forth in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, each Initial Term Lender severally agrees to make the Initial Term Loan to the
Borrower on the Closing Date in a principal amount equal to such Lender s Initial Term Loan Commitment as of the Closing Date.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the total Initial Term Loan Commitment as of the Closing Date is not drawn on the Closing Date, the
undrawn amount shall automatically be cancelled. 

(b) Subject
to the terms and conditions set forth herein (including Section 4.2 ), each Delayed Draw Term Lender (severally and not jointly),
at its option, agrees to make Delayed Draw Term Loans to the Borrower from time to time on any Business Day during the Delayed Draw Term
Loan Availability Period; provided that (i) the principal amount of any Delayed Draw Term Loan made by any Delayed Draw Term Lender
on the occasion of any Borrowing of Delayed Draw Term Loans shall not exceed the then available Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitment of
such Lender (immediately prior to giving effect to the making of such Delayed Draw Term Loan) and (ii) the aggregate principal amount
of all Delayed Draw Term Loans made by the Delayed Draw Term Lenders during the Delayed Draw Term Loan Availability Period shall not
exceed the Maximum DDTL Amount. Amounts repaid or prepaid in respect of the Delayed Draw Term Loans may not be reborrowed. 

26 

(c) Each
Borrowing of Delayed Draw Term Loans shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000, not less than 5,000,000
and no more than 10,000,000. 

(d) The Borrower may not draw any Delayed Draw Term Loans if the Initial Term Loans are outstanding. No additional Delayed Draw Term Loans may be borrowed if another Delayed Draw Term Loan is outstanding. 

2.2 Procedures
for Borrowing . Borrower shall deliver to Agent a Borrowing Notice (which Borrowing Notice must be received by Agent prior to 12:00
Noon, New York City time), (a) with respect to the Borrowing of Initial Term Loans, three (3) Business Days prior to the anticipated
borrowing date (or such later date in the Agent s sole discretion) and (b) with respect to any Borrowing of Delayed Draw Term Loans,
ten (10) Business Days prior to the anticipated borrowing date, in each case, requesting that the Lenders make the Loan on the Borrowing
Date and specifying the amount to be borrowed and the deposit account to which the Loan shall be made. Upon receipt of such Borrowing
Notice, Agent shall promptly notify each Lender thereof. Not later than 12:00 Noon, New York City time, on the Borrowing Date for the
Loan specified in such Borrowing Notice, each Lender shall make available to Agent at the Funding Office an amount in Dollars and in
immediately available funds equal to the Loan to be made by such Lender. Agent shall make available on behalf of the Borrower the aggregate
of the amounts made available to Agent by the Lenders, in like funds as received by Agent. 

2.3 Maturity Date . The Loan of each Lender shall mature on the Maturity Date. 

(a) The
Initial Term Loan Commitments shall terminate on the Closing Date immediately after the funding of the Initial Term Loans on the Closing
Date. Unless previously terminated, the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments shall terminate on the DDTL Commitment Expiration Date; provided
 that, on the date of each Borrowing of Delayed Draw Term Loans, the portion of the delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments being funded
pursuant to such Borrowing shall terminate immediately after the funding of such Delayed Draw Term Loans. 

(b) The
Borrower may at any time terminate, or from time to time reduce, the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments; provided that (i) each
partial reduction of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 1,000,000 and not
less than 5,000,000. 

(c) The
Borrower shall notify the Agent in writing of any election to terminate or reduce the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments under paragraph
(b) of this Section by 11:00 a.m. New York time, as least three (3) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination
or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Agent shall
advise the applicable Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable.
Each reduction of the Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments shall be made ratably among the Delayed Draw Term Lenders in accordance with
their respective Delayed Draw Term Loan Commitments. 

27 

2.5
Repayment of the Loan; Evidence of Debt. 

(a) The
Borrower shall pay to the Agent, on account of the Lenders (or, if directed by the Agent, directly to the Lenders), on each Monthly Payment
Date, (i) in cash or (ii) by Invoice Deduction (or both), in each case, an amount equal to (x) to the extent that there are any Initial
Term Loans outstanding (A) the stated principal amount of the Initial Term Loans on the Initial Monthly Payment Date divided by (B) the
Specified Period plus (y) with respect to any outstanding Delayed Draw Term Loans (A) the stated principal amount of such Delayed
Draw Term Loans on the date that such Delayed Draw Term Loans are borrowed divided by (B) the lesser of (I) ten (10) and (II) the number
of Monthly Payment Dates following the date of the applicable borrowing of such Delayed Draw Term Loans. If an Invoice Deduction for
a Monthly Payment Date is in excess of the amount required to be paid by the Borrower on such Monthly Payment Date pursuant to this Section
2.5(a) , then such excess amount shall be deemed to be a voluntary prepayment pursuant to Section 2.7(a) (each such voluntary
prepayment from such excess amount, a Specified Voluntary Prepayment ). 

(b) To
the extent not previously repaid, the entire principal amount of the Loan of such Lender on the Maturity Date or on such earlier date
on which the Loan become due and payable pursuant to Article VII . Borrower hereby further agrees to pay interest on the unpaid
principal amount of the Loan from time to time outstanding from the date hereof until payment in full thereof at the rates per annum,
and on the dates, set forth in Section 2.10 . 

(c) Each
Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing Indebtedness of Borrower to such Lender
resulting from each Loan of such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender
from time to time under this Agreement. 

(d) Agent,
as agent for Borrower, shall maintain the Register pursuant to Section 9.7(d) , and a subaccount therein for each Lender, in which
shall be recorded (i) the amount of its portion of the Loan made hereunder and any Note evidencing such portion of the Loan, (ii) the
amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) both
the amount of any sum received by Agent hereunder from Borrower and each Lender s share thereof. 

(e) The
entries made in the Register and the accounts of each Lender maintained pursuant to this Section 2.5 shall, to the extent permitted
by applicable law, be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations of Borrower therein recorded; provided, however,
that the failure of any Lender or Agent to maintain the Register or any such account, or any error therein, shall not in any manner affect
the obligation of Borrower to repay (with applicable interest) the Loan made to Borrower by such Lender in accordance with the terms
of this Agreement. 

(f) Borrower
agrees that, upon the request to Agent by any Lender, Borrower will promptly execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note of
Borrower evidencing the portion of the Loan held by such Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit G (a Note ),
with appropriate insertions as to date and principal amount; provided that delivery of Notes shall not be a condition precedent
to the occurrence of the Closing Date or the making of the Loan on the Borrowing Date. 

2.6
Fees. 

(a) On
the Closing Date, the Borrower agrees to pay to Agent a structuring fee equal to 120,000, which amount Agent may withhold from the disbursement
of the Initial Term Loan. With respect to any Borrowing of Delayed Draw Term Loans, the Borrower agrees to pay to Agent a structuring
fee equal to 2.0 of the stated principal amount of such Borrowing of Delayed Draw Term Loans, which amount Agent may withhold from the
disbursement of such Delayed Draw Term Loans. Each such structuring fee shall be fully earned and payable at the time of the relevant
drawdown and shall not be refundable. 

(b) Borrower
agrees to pay to Agent any other fees in the amounts and on the dates from time to time agreed to in writing by Borrower and Agent. 

28 

2.7
Optional Prepayments. 

(a) Borrower
may at any time and from time to time not later than 11:00 a.m. New York City time (x) in the case of an ABR Loan, not later than 11:00
a.m. on the same Business Day and (y) in the case of a SOFR Loan, at least three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior,
in each case, upon written notice to Agent stating the Prepayment Date and aggregate principal amount of the prepayment, prepay the outstanding
principal amount of the Loan, in whole or in part, at Borrower s option, together with accrued interest through the Prepayment
Date on the principal amount prepaid, in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement; provided, that the Borrower is not required
to provide such prior notice with respect to any Specified Voluntary Prepayment. A notice of prepayment provided in accordance with the
preceding sentence and received after 11:00 a.m. shall be deemed received on the next Business Day or U.S. Government Securities Business
Day, as applicable. The Agent shall promptly notify the applicable Lenders of each notice of prepayment. 

(b) Each
partial prepayment (other than any Specified Voluntary Prepayment) shall be in an aggregate amount not less than 1,000,000 or integral
multiples of 500,000 in excess thereof, and any such prepayment must be accompanied by payment of Agent s and each Lender s
out-of-pocket expenses to the extent such expenses have been invoiced to the Borrower and are due and not yet paid (including payments
required under Section 2.13 ). Upon the giving of any such notice of prepayment, the principal amount of the Loan specified to
be prepaid, together with the accrued interest thereon through the Prepayment Date; provided that any such notice may be subject
to one or more conditions precedent, including any Disposition, and the amount specified to be prepaid shall not become due and payable
on the Prepayment Date upon the failure of any one of such conditions. 

(c) Any
optional prepayment under this Section 2.7 shall be applied to the Loan as set forth in Section 2.11 . 

(d) Any amounts of the Loan that are prepaid pursuant to this Section 2.7 may not be re-borrowed. 

(e) Each
prepayment of the Loan made pursuant to Section 2.7 shall be applied against the Remaining Scheduled Principal Payments on a pro
rata basis. 

2.8
Mandatory Prepayments. 

(a) Asset
Sales and Debt Incurrence . Unless the Required Lenders shall otherwise agree, if (a) any Loan Party shall consummate any Asset Sale
or (b) any Loan Party shall incur any Indebtedness (other than Permitted Indebtedness), then upon receipt by such Loan Party of the Net
Cash Proceeds from such Asset Sale or incurrence of Indebtedness, Borrower shall prepay the principal amount of the Loan in an amount
equal to the amount of such Net Cash Proceeds. The provisions of this Section 2.8(a) do not constitute a consent to the consummation
of any Asset Sale or incurrence of any Indebtedness by any Loan Party. 

(b) Each
prepayment of the Loan pursuant to this Section 2.8 shall be applied against the Remaining Scheduled Principal Payments on a pro
rata basis. 

2.9 Invoice
Deduction . The Borrower agrees that the Mercuria Parties are making the Loan and Marketer is providing the marketing services pursuant
to the Marketing Agreement, and the Borrower agrees that in addition to the Borrower having the right and obligation to make payments
in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, the primary method of payments as to the Loan and the other Obligations (whether or not
a Default or Event of Default exists) will by Marketer withholding and remitting proceeds under the Marketing Agreement to the Agent
to make payments then due as to the Loan and the other Obligations (each, a Invoice Deduction and collectively,
the Invoice Deductions ). The Borrower hereby directs the Marketer to make any Invoice Deductions in accordance
with this Agreement and the Marketing Agreement, and Lender appoints Marketer as its agent for the purpose of making such Invoice Deductions.
Borrower agrees on behalf of itself and the other Loan Parties that it receives, and will continue to receive, direct and indirect benefits
as a result of the marketing services contemplated by the Marketing Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 

29 

2.10
Interest Rates, Payment Dates and Computation of Interest and Fees. 

(a) Subject to the provisions of this Section, the Loan shall bear interest during each Interest Period at 

(i) with respect to the Loan (unless the Loan is an ABR Loan), the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate plus the Applicable Margin and (ii) with respect to any ABR Loan, ABR plus the Applicable Margin, provided that Term SOFR shall not be available until three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days after the Closing Date unless the Borrower has delivered to the Agent a letter in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent indemnifying the Lenders in the manner set forth in Section 2.13 of this Agreement. Borrowings of an ABR Loan shall be permitted only as expressly set forth in Section 2.17 Changed Circumstances ). 

(b) (i) If all or a portion of the principal amount of the Loan shall not be paid when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise) or there shall occur and be continuing any other Event of Default (subject in all cases to any applicable grace periods), the outstanding Loan (whether or not overdue) (to the extent legally permitted) shall bear interest at a rate per annum that is equal to the Interest Rate plus 4.00 , the Default Rate ), but in no event to exceed the Highest Lawful Rate, from the date of such nonpayment of principal or occurrence of such Event of Default, respectively, until such amount of principal is paid in full (after as well as before judgment) or until such Event of Default is no longer continuing, respectively, and (ii) if all or a portion of any interest payable on the Loan or any fee or other amount payable hereunder shall not be paid when due (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), such overdue amount shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Default Rate, in each case, with respect to clauses (i) and (ii) above, from the date of such nonpayment until such amount is paid in full (after as well as before judgment). 

(c) Subject
to Section 2.11(h) , interest shall be payable in cash in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, provided , that, interest
accruing pursuant to Section 2.10(b) shall be payable from time to time on demand. 

(d) If
any payment hereunder becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be extended to the next succeeding
Business Day. In the case of any extension of any payment of principal pursuant to the preceding sentence, interest thereon shall be
payable at the rate applicable during such extension period. 

(e) Interest,
fees and commissions payable pursuant hereto shall be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days, and in each case shall be payable
for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day and the last day). 

(f) In
connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, the Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time, and,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will
become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Agent will
promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration
of Term SOFR. 

30 

2.11
Application of Payments; Place of Payments. 

(a) The
borrowing by Borrower from the Lenders hereunder, any reduction of the Commitments of the Lenders shall be made pro rata according
to the Aggregate Exposure Percentages of the relevant Lenders. Each payment (including any prepayment) in respect of principal or interest
in respect of the Loan and each payment in respect of fees (other than fees payable in accordance with Sections 2.6(a) or 2.6(b) or expenses payable hereunder shall be applied to the amounts of such obligations owing to the Lenders pro rata according to the
respective amounts then due and owing to the Lenders. 

(b) So
long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, all payments and any other amounts received by Agent from or for the
benefit of Borrower shall be applied, unless otherwise expressly provided for herein: (i) first, to pay all Obligations then due and
payable on a pro rata basis and (ii) second, as Borrower so designates. 

(c) After
the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, Borrower hereby irrevocably waives the right to direct the application
of any and all payments in respect of the Obligations and any proceeds of Collateral, and agrees that Agent may, and shall upon either
(A) the written direction of the Required Lenders or (B) the acceleration of the Obligations pursuant to Section 7.1 , apply pro
rata all payments in respect of any Obligations and all proceeds of Collateral in the following order: 

(i) first ,
to the payment or reimbursement of Agent for all costs, expenses, disbursements and losses incurred by Agent and which any Loan Party
is required to pay or reimburse pursuant to the Loan Documents; 

(ii) second ,
to the payment or reimbursement of the Secured Parties for all costs, expenses, disbursements and losses incurred by such Persons and
which any Loan Party is required to pay or reimburse pursuant to the Loan Documents; 

(iii)
 third , to the payment of interest on the Loan which is then due; 

(iv)
 fourth , to the payment of principal of the Loan; 

(v)
 fifth , to the payment to the Secured Parties of all other Obligations; and 

(vi) sixth , to whomsoever shall be legally entitled thereto. 

(d) If
any Lender owes payments to Agent hereunder, any amounts otherwise distributable under this Section 2.11 to such Lender shall
be deemed to belong to Agent to the extent of such unpaid payments, and Agent shall apply such amounts to make such unpaid payments rather
than distribute such amounts to such Lender. 

(e) All
payments (including prepayments) to be made by Borrower hereunder, whether on account of principal, interest, premium, fees or otherwise,
shall be made without setoff or counterclaim and shall be made prior to 12:00 Noon, New York City time, on the due date thereof to Agent,
for the account of the relevant Lenders, at the Payment Office, in Dollars and in immediately available funds. Any payment made by Borrower
after 12:00 Noon, New York City time, on any Business Day shall be deemed to have been made on the next following Business Day. Agent
shall distribute such payments to the Lenders promptly upon receipt in like funds as received. 

31 

(f) Unless Agent shall have been notified in writing by any Lender prior to a borrowing of the Loan that such Lender will not make the amount that would constitute its share of such borrowing available to Agent, Agent may assume that such Lender is making such amount available to Agent, and Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to Borrower a corresponding amount. If such amount is not made available to Agent by the required time on the Borrowing Date, such Lender shall pay to Agent, on demand, such amount with interest thereon at a rate equal to the greater of (i) the daily average Federal Funds Rate and (ii) the rate determined by Agent in accordance with the banking industry rules on interbank compensation, for the period until such Lender makes such amount immediately available to Agent. A certificate of Agent submitted to any Lender with respect to any amounts owing under this Section 2.11(f) shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. If such Lender s share of such borrowing is not made available to Agent by such Lender within three Business Days after the Borrowing Date, Agent shall also be entitled to recover such amount with interest thereon at the Interest Rate, on demand, from Borrower. 

(g) Unless Agent shall have been notified in writing by Borrower prior to the date of any payment due to be made by Borrower hereunder that Borrower will not make such payment to Agent, Agent may assume that Borrower is making such payment, and Agent may, but shall not be required to, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Lenders their respective pro rata shares of a corresponding amount. If such payment is not made to Agent by Borrower within three Business Days after such due date, Agent shall be entitled to recover, on demand, from each Lender to which any amount which was made available pursuant to the preceding sentence, such amount with interest thereon at the rate per annum equal to the daily average Federal Funds Rate. Nothing herein shall be deemed to limit the rights of Agent or any Lender against Borrower. 

(h) Each payment of the Loan shall be accompanied by accrued interest through the date of such payment on the amount paid. 

2.12
Taxes . 

(a) Any
and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Loan Parties under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding
for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of the applicable
Withholding Agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any tax from any such payment by the applicable Withholding Agent, then such
Withholding Agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to
the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by
the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and
withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section) the applicable Loan Party receives an amount equal to the sum
it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 

(b) In
addition, Borrower shall pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. 

(c) The
Loan Parties shall indemnify each Recipient, within 10 days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including
Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or
required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto. 

(d) As
soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by a Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section, such Loan Party
shall deliver to the Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment,
a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Agent. 

32 

(e)
Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan
Document shall deliver to the Loan Parties and the Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by such Loan Party or the Agent,
such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by such Loan Party or the Agent as will permit such payments
to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by a Loan Party
or the Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by such Loan Party or the
Agent as will enable such Loan Party or the Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or
information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion,
execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in clauses (i), (ii) and (iv) of this
paragraph (e)) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would
subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of
such Lender. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower or any other Loan Party is a U.S.
Borrower, 

(i) any
Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Loan Parties and the Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender
under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of a Loan Party or the Agent), executed copies of
IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; 

(ii) any
Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Loan Parties and the Agent (in such number of copies
as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and
from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of a Loan Party or the Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(a)
in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect
to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption
from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with
respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W- 8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E establishing an exemption
from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding tax pursuant to the business profits or other income 
article of such tax treaty; 

(b) executed copies of IRS Form W-8ECI; 

(c)
in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x)
a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank 
within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower or any other Loan
Party within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section
881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN
or IRS Form W-8BEN-E; or 

33 

(d)
to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form
W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8BEN-E, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-2 or Exhibit I-3 , IRS
Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership
and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender
may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit I-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect
partner; 

(iii) any
Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Loan Parties and the Agent (in such number of copies
as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and
from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of a Loan Party or the Agent), executed copies of any other form prescribed
by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding tax, duly completed, together with
such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Loan Parties or the Agent to determine the withholding
or deduction required to be made; and 

(iv) if
a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were
to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the
Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time
or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by
Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Agent as may be necessary
for the Borrower and the Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such
Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this
clause (iv), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 

Each
Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it
shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Loan Parties and the Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so.
Each Lender agrees that if a Loan Party is, notwithstanding the above, subject to withholding Tax, withholding such Tax from any amounts
due from a Loan Party hereunder will not constitute a default so long as such amount withheld is properly remitted to the applicable
taxing authority and payment of the amount due less the amount of Tax required to be withheld will constitute payment of the amount due. 

(f) If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the Relevant Governmental Body with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (f) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (f), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (f) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 

34 

(g)
Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for( i) any Indemnified Taxes
attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified the Agent for such Indemnified
Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to
comply with the provisions of Section 9.7(b) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded
Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any
reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or
asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender
by the Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Agent to set off and apply any and all
amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Agent to the Lender from any other
source against any amount due to the Agent under this paragraph (g). 

2.13 Indemnity .
Borrower agrees promptly to indemnify each Lender for, and to hold each Lender harmless from, any loss or expense that such Lender may
sustain or incur as a consequence of (a) the failure to make any prepayment of a SOFR Loan after Borrower has given a notice thereof
in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement; (b) other than with respect to any repayment of the Loan made in accordance with
Section 2.5(a) (including any Specified Voluntary Prepayment), the repayment of any SOFR Loan that are repaid in whole or in part prior
to the last day of an applicable Interest Period (whether such repayment is made pursuant to any provision of this Agreement or any other
Loan Document or occurs as a result of acceleration, mandatory prepayment, by operation of law or otherwise); (c) a default in payment
when due of the principal amount of or interest on the Loan; (d) a default in making any borrowing of a SOFR Loan after Borrower has
given notice requesting the same in accordance herewith, (e) other than with respect to any repayment of the Loan made in accordance
with Section 2.5(a) (including any Specified Voluntary Prepayment), any payment, prepayment or conversion of any SOFR Loan on a date
other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor (including as a result of an Event of Default) or (f) the assignment of any SOFR
Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section
2.15 . Such indemnification shall include any loss (excluding loss of margin) or expense arising from the reemployment of funds obtained
by it or from fees payable to terminate deposits from which such funds were obtained. A certificate of such Lender setting forth the
basis for determining such amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender shall be forwarded to the Borrower through the Agent
and shall be conclusively presumed to be correct save for manifest error. All of the obligations of the Loan Parties under this Section
2.13 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the
termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. 

2.14 Change
of Lending Office . Each Lender agrees that, upon the occurrence of any event giving rise to the operation of Section 2.12(c) 
with respect to such Lender, it will, if requested by Borrower, use reasonable efforts (subject to overall policy considerations of such
Lender) to designate another lending office for the Loan affected by such event with the object of avoiding the consequences of such
event; provided that such designation is made on terms that, in the sole judgment of such Lender, cause such Lender and its lending office(s)
to suffer no economic, legal or regulatory disadvantage, and provided, further, that nothing in this Section 2.14 shall affect
or postpone any of the obligations of Borrower or the rights of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(c) . 

35 

2.15 Replacement
of Lenders . If any Loan Party is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority
for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.12 and such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending
office in accordance with Section 2.14 , then Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and Agent,
require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents
required by, Section 9.7 ), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.12 and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an Assignee that shall assume such obligations (which Assignee
may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that: 

(a) Borrower shall have paid to Agent the assignment fee (if any) specified in Section 9.7 ; 

(b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its portion of the Loan, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents from the Assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); 

(c) such assignment will result in a reduction in payments thereafter; and 

(d) such assignment does not conflict with applicable law. 

A
Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise,
the circumstances entitling Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 

2.16 Original
Issue Discount . Borrower, Lenders, and Agent acknowledge and agree (i) that the Loan is debt for federal income tax purposes, (ii)
that the Loan made by each Lender constitutes a single debt instrument for purposes of Section 1271 through 1275 of the Code and the
Treasury Regulations thereunder (pursuant to Treasury Regulations Section 1.1275-2(c)), that such debt instrument is issued with original
issue discount OID ), and that such debt instrument is described in Treasury Regulations 1.1272- 1(c)(2)
and therefore is governed by the rules set out in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1272-1(c), including Section 1.1272-1(c)(5), and is
not governed by the rules set out in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1275-4, (iii) that any calculation by the Borrower regarding the
amount of OID for any accrual period on the Loan shall be subject to review and approval of the Agent, and (iv) to adhere to this Agreement
for federal income tax purposes and not to take any action or file any tax return, report or declaration inconsistent herewith (including
with respect to the amount of OID on the Loan as determined in accordance with the preceding clause (iii)). The inclusion of this Section
2.16 is not an admission by any Lender that it is subject to United States taxation. 

2.17
Changed Circumstances. 

(a) Circumstances
Affecting Benchmark Availability . Subject to Section 2.17(c) , if, on or prior to the first day of any Interest Period for
any SOFR Loan: 

(i) the
Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) that Term SOFR cannot be determined
pursuant to the definition thereof, or 

(ii) the
Required Lenders determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a SOFR Loan or a conversion thereto or a continuation
thereof that Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed SOFR Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect
the cost to such Lenders of making and maintaining the Loan, and the Required Lenders have provided notice of such determination to the
Agent; provided that, in each case, no Lender shall make such determination pursuant to this clause (ii) unless such Lender certifies
in writing to the Borrower that other Lenders are generally making similar determinations upon, or otherwise similarly enforcing its
agreements with, companies with similar credit facilities as the credit facility provided for herein (and provided further that no Lender
shall have any obligation to disclose confidential information about any other borrower); and 

36 

(iii) the
Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. the Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. 

Upon
notice thereof by the Agent to the Borrower, any obligation of the Lenders to make a SOFR Loan, and any right of the Borrower to continue
a SOFR Loan or to convert an ABR Loan to a SOFR Loan, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected SOFR Loan or affected Interest
Periods) until the Agent (with respect to clause (b), at the instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice. Upon receipt of
such notice, (i) the Borrower may revoke any pending request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of a SOFR Loan (to the
extent of the affected SOFR Loan or affected Interest Periods) or, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such
request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to an ABR Loan in the amount specified therein and (ii) any outstanding affected
SOFR Loan will be deemed to have been converted into an ABR Loan at the end of the applicable Interest Period. Upon any such conversion,
the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section
2.13 . 

(b) Laws
Affecting SOFR Availability . If any Lender determines that any law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted
that it is unlawful, for any Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain or fund the Loan whose interest is determined
by reference to SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term SOFR, or to determine or charge interest based upon SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference
Rate or Term SOFR, then, upon notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower (through the Agent) (an Illegality Notice ),
(a) any obligation of the Lenders to make a SOFR Loan, and any right of the Borrower to continue a SOFR Loan or to convert an ABR Loan
to a SOFR Loan, shall be suspended, and (b) the interest rate on which an ABR Loan shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined
by the Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of ABR , in each case until each affected Lender notifies
the Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of an Illegality Notice,
the Borrower shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, upon demand from any Lender (with a copy to the Agent), prepay or, if applicable,
convert a SOFR Loan to an ABR Loan (the interest rate on which such ABR Loan shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined
by the Agent without reference to clause (c) of the definition of ABR ), on the last day of the Interest Period therefor,
if all affected Lenders may lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loan to such day, or immediately, if any Lender may not lawfully
continue to maintain such SOFR Loan to such day, in each case until the Agent is advised in writing by each affected Lender that it is
no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate or Term SOFR. Upon
any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted, together with
any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 2.15 . 

(c) Benchmark
 Replacement Setting . 

(i) Benchmark
Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition
Event, the Agent and the Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such
amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5:00 p.m. on the fifth (5 th Business Day
after the Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and the Borrower so long as the Agent has not received, by
such time, written notice of objection to such amendment from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. No replacement of a Benchmark
with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 2.17(c)(i) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start
Date. 

37 

(ii) Benchmark
Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement,
the Agent will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in
any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent
of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(iii) Notices;
Standards for Decisions and Determinations . The Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (A) the implementation
of any Benchmark Replacement and (B) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption
or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement. The Agent will promptly notify the Borrower of the removal or reinstatement of any tenor
of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 2.17(c)(iv) . Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Agent or, if applicable,
any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.17(c) , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any
action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without
consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this
 Section 2.17(c) . 

(iv) Unavailability
of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection
with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference
Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate
from time to time as selected by the Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such
Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not
be representative, then the Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition)
for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was
removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including
a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for
a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar
or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 

(v) Benchmark
Unavailability Period . Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, the
Borrower may revoke any pending request for a SOFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of a SOFR Loan to be made, converted or
continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request
into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to an ABR Loan. During a Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor
for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then- current Benchmark or such tenor for
such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. 

38 

ARTICLE
III 

 REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES 

To
induce Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Agreement and to make the Loan, the Borrower hereby represents and warrants to Agent
and each Lender that: 

3.1
Financial Condition. 

(a) The
unaudited pro forma consolidated balance sheet of Borrower as of April 12, 2023 (including the notes thereto) (collectively, the
 Pro Forma Balance Sheet ), copies of which have heretofore been furnished to Agent, has been prepared giving
effect (as if such events had occurred on such date) to (i) the transactions occurring on the Closing Date and (ii) the payment of fees,
expenses and taxes in connection with the foregoing. The Pro Forma Balance Sheet has been prepared based on the best information available
to Borrower as of the date of delivery thereof, and presents fairly in all material respects on a pro forma basis the estimated
financial position of Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of April 12, 2023, assuming that the events specified in the preceding
sentence had actually occurred at such date. 

(b) The Total Net Debt to Capitalization Ratio, expressed as a percentage, is not greater than 100 . 

(c) The amount of Unrestricted Cash held by the Loan Parties is not less than 1,500,000. 

3.2 No
Change . Since December 31, 2022, there has been no development or event that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. 

3.3
Corporate Existence; Compliance with Law. 

(a) Each
of the Loan Parties (i) is duly incorporated, organized or formed, as applicable, validly existing and (if relevant) in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, organization or formation, as the case may be, (ii) has the corporate, company
or partnership power and authority, as applicable, and the legal right, to own and operate its owned Property, to lease the Property
it operates as lessee and to conduct the business in which it is currently engaged, (iii) is duly qualified as a foreign corporation,
company or partnership, as applicable, and (if relevant) in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease
or operation of Property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification except to the extent that the failure to do any of
the foregoing could not, in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iv) is in material compliance with
its Constituent Documents and (v) is in compliance with all Requirements of Law (other than its Constituent Documents) except to the
extent that the failure to comply therewith could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect. 

(b) Each
Loan Party has all Permits necessary for the ownership and the conduct of its businesses except for those Permits the failure of which
to have could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and is in compliance in all material respects with the terms
and conditions of all such Permits. 

(c) Each
Loan Party has (i) used commercially reasonable efforts to keep, preserve and maintain all Property and systems material to the conduct
of its business in good working order and condition in accordance with the general practice of other businesses of similar character
and size (ordinary wear and tear and casualty events excepted), contractual obligations binding on it and applicable laws, (ii) made
periodic overhauls and all repairs, renewals, replacements, additions, betterments, Capital Expenditures and improvements known to be
necessary for the Property that it owns or operates to satisfy the requirements of applicable law, governmental authorizations and contractual
obligations binding on it and (iii) made all repairs,
renewals and replacements known to be necessary so that its business may be property conducted at all times. 

39 

3.4 Entity
Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations . Each Loan Party has the power and authority (corporate or otherwise), and the legal
right, to make, deliver and perform the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of Borrower, to borrow hereunder. Each
Loan Party has taken all necessary corporate or other action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents
to which it is a party and, in the case of Borrower, to authorize the borrowings on the terms and conditions of this Agreement. No consent
or authorization of, filing with, notice to or other act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is required
in connection with the borrowings hereunder or the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or
any of the other Loan Documents except (a) consents, authorizations, filings and notices that have been obtained or made and are in full
force and effect and (b) the filings referred to in Section 3.21 . Each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered on behalf
of each Loan Party that is a party thereto. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document upon execution will constitute,
a legal, valid and binding obligation of each Loan Party that is a party hereto and thereto, enforceable against each such Loan Party
in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium
or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement
is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). 

3.5 No
Legal Bar . The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowings hereunder and the
use of the proceeds thereof will not violate any Requirement of Law or any Contractual Obligation of any Loan Party and will not result
in, or require, the creation or imposition of any Lien on any of their respective properties or revenues pursuant to any Requirement
of Law or any such Contractual Obligation (other than the Liens created by the Security Documents). No Requirement of Law or Contractual
Obligation applicable to any Loan Party could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No performance of a Contractual
Obligation by any Loan Party, either unconditionally or upon the happening of an event, would result in the creation of a Lien (other
than a Permitted Lien) on the Property of any Loan Party. 

3.6 Existing
Indebtedness . No Loan Party has any outstanding Indebtedness except Indebtedness permitted under this Agreement. 

3.7 No
Material Litigation . No litigation, investigation or proceeding of or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending
or, to Borrower s knowledge, threatened by or against any Loan Party or against any of their respective properties or revenues
(a) with respect to any of the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or (b) that could reasonably be expected
to result in a Default. 

3.8 No
Default . No Loan Party is in default under or with respect to any of its Contractual Obligations in any respect that could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 

3.9
Ownership of Property. 

(a) Each
Loan Party has title in fee simple to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all its Real Property, and Defensible Title to, or a valid leasehold
interest in, all other Property material to its business, except for minor defects in title that do not interfere with its ability to
conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes, and none of such Property is subject
to any Lien other than Permitted Liens. 

40 

(b) The Lender has the legal right, to make, deliver and perform its obligations under the Marketing Agreement, including to sell Black Mass on behalf of the Loan Parties as described thereunder. Until sold in accordance with its terms, the Borrower has marketable legal title to the Black Mass being sold thereunder. The Marketing Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at law). 

3.10 Insurance .
As of the Closing Date, all policies of insurance of any kind or nature of any Loan Party, including policies of fire, theft, product
liability, public liability, property damage, pollution, other casualty, employee fidelity, workers compensation and employee
health and welfare insurance, are in full force and effect and are of a nature and provide such coverage as is customarily carried by
businesses of the size and character such Loan Party. No Loan Party has been refused insurance for any material coverage for which it
had applied or had any policy of insurance terminated (other than at its request). 

3.11 Intellectual
Property . Each Loan Party owns, or is licensed to use, all Intellectual Property necessary for the conduct of its business as currently
conducted except where the failure to own or be licensed to use (including the granting of licenses) would not reasonably be expected
to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, no claim has been
asserted and is pending by any Person challenging or questioning the use by any Loan Party of any Intellectual Property or the validity
or effectiveness of any Intellectual Property, nor, to Borrower s knowledge, is there any valid basis for any such claim. The use
of Intellectual Property by any Loan Party does not infringe on the rights of any Person, except for any such infringements that could
not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.12 Taxes .
Each Loan Party has filed or caused to be filed all material federal, state and other tax returns, reports and statements (collectively,
 Tax Returns that are required to be filed by such Loan Party or any of its Tax Affiliates with the appropriate
Governmental Authorities in all jurisdictions in which such Tax Returns are required to be filed, (ii) all such Tax Returns are true
and correct in all material respects, and (iii) each Loan Party has paid, prior to the date on which any fine, penalty, interest, late
charge or loss may be added thereto for non-payment thereof, all taxes shown to be due and payable on said returns (other than any the
amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and with respect to which reserves
in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of such Loan Party). 

3.13 Federal
Regulations . The proceeds of the Loan shall be used solely for the purposes permitted by Section 3.18 below. No part of the proceeds
of the Loan will be used by any of the Loan Parties for the immediate, incidental, or ultimate purpose of buying or carrying 
any margin stock within the respective meanings of each of the quoted terms under Regulation U as now and from time to
time hereafter in effect. None of the Loan Parties owns any margin stock. No part of the proceeds of the Loan will be used
by any of the Loan Parties for any purpose that violates the provisions of the Regulations of the Board, including, but not limited to,
Regulation U and Regulation X. If requested by any Lender or Agent, Borrower will furnish to Agent and each Lender a statement to the
foregoing effect in conformity with the requirements of FR Form G-3 or FR Form U-1, as applicable, referred to in Regulation U. 

3.14 Labor
Matters . There are no strikes, stoppages or slowdowns or other labor disputes against any Loan Party pending or, to Borrower s
knowledge, threatened in writing that (individually or in the aggregate) could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
Hours worked by and payment made to employees of any Loan Party have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as
amended, or any other applicable Requirement of Law dealing with such matters that (individually or in the aggregate) could reasonably
be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. All payments due from any Loan Party on account of employee health and welfare insurance
that (individually or in the aggregate) could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect if not paid have been paid or
accrued as a liability on the books of such Loan Party. 

41 

3.15 ERISA
Plans . Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, no Loan Party or any ERISA Affiliate maintains
or contributes to, or otherwise has any liability with respect to, any ERISA Plan. No Loan Party is an ERISA Affiliate of any other Person. 

3.16
Regulations. 

(a) No
Loan Party is an investment company , within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. No Loan Party
is subject to regulation under any Requirement of Law (other than Regulation X of the Board) which prohibits its incurrence of Indebtedness
under the Loan Documents. 

(b) None of the Loan Parties or any director, officer, employee, agent, or affiliate of the Loan Parties is an individual or entity person that is, or is owned or controlled by persons that are: (i) the subject of any sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), the U.S. Department of State, or other relevant sanctions authority (including, to the extent applicable, the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, or Her Majesty s Treasury) (collectively, Sanctions or (ii) located, organized or resident in a country or territory that is the subject of Sanctions (including, currently, Crimea Region of the Ukraine, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic or Luhansk People s Republic regions or Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea and Syria). 

(c) Each
Loan Party and its respective directors, officers and employees and, to the knowledge of the Borrower, the agents of each Loan Party,
are in compliance with all applicable Sanctions and with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations
thereunder (the FCPA and any other applicable anti-corruption law, in all material respects. The Borrower
and its Subsidiaries have instituted and maintain policies and procedures designed to ensure continued compliance with applicable Sanctions,
the FCPA and any other applicable anti-corruption laws. 

(d) Each of the Loan Parties and each of their respective Subsidiaries are in compliance, in all material respects, with the Patriot Act. No part of the proceeds of the Loan will be used, directly or indirectly, for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of the FCPA. 

3.17
Capital Stock; Subsidiaries. 

(a) All
of the outstanding Capital Stock of each Loan Party has been duly authorized and validly issued and is fully paid and non-assessable
and is free and clear of all Liens (except Permitted Liens). 

(b) The Subsidiaries listed on Schedule 3.17 constitute all the Subsidiaries of each Loan Party as of the Closing Date. Schedule 3.17 sets forth, in each case as of the Closing Date, the exact legal name (as reflected on the certificate of incorporation or formation or other equivalent Constituent Document) and jurisdiction of incorporation (or formation) of each Subsidiary of any Loan Party and, as to each such Subsidiary, the percentage and number of each class of Capital Stock owned by each Loan Party. 

(c) There
are no outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights or other agreements or commitments (other than (i) in favor of a Loan
Party, the general partner of a Loan Party and (ii) stock options with respect to Capital Stock of the Borrower granted to employees
or directors and directors qualifying shares) of any nature relating to any Capital Stock of any Loan Party, except as disclosed
on Schedule 3.17 . 

42 

(d) No Loan Party owns or holds, directly or indirectly, any Capital Stock of any Person other than any Subsidiary. Borrower owns, directly or indirectly through Subsidiaries, all of the outstanding Capital Stock of its Subsidiaries. Subject to Section 5.11(c), the Borrower and each of its Subsidiaries is a party to the Guarantee and Security Agreement. 

(e) There
are no agreements or understandings (other than the Loan Documents, the Constituent Documents of the Loan Parties and any other agreement
permitted under Section 6.12 to which any Loan Party is a party with respect to the voting, sale or transfer of any Capital Stock
of any Loan Party or restricting the transfer or hypothecation of any such Capital Stock. 

3.18 Use
of Proceeds . The proceeds of the Loans (including any Delayed Draw Term Loans) shall be used as a prepayment of the purchase of Black
Mass pursuant to the Marketing Agreement, and in furtherance of such transaction such funds shall be used for working capital in furtherance
of Borrower s business of recycling lithium ion batteries at the Recycling Facility to be acquired in connection with Borrower s
acquisition of the Capital Stock of Aqua Metals Transfer, LLC as described in and in accordance with the MIPA (the Aqua
Metals Acquisition ), including the production of Black Mass therefrom, and for the payment of fees, interest and closing
costs in connection with the Transactions. 

3.19 Environmental
Matters . Other than exceptions to any of the following that could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to
result in the payment of a Material Environmental Amount: 

(a) each
Loan Party: (i) is in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Environmental Laws; (ii) holds all Environmental Permits
(each of which is in full force and effect) required for any of its current operations or for any property owned, leased, or otherwise
operated by it; (iii) is in compliance in all material respects with all of its Environmental Permits; and (iv) reasonably believes that:
each of its Environmental Permits will be timely renewed and complied with, without material expense; any additional Environmental Permits
that may be required of it will be timely obtained and complied with, without material expense; and compliance with any Environmental
Law that is or is expected to become applicable to it will be timely attained and maintained, without material expense; 

(b) there
has been no Release of Materials of Environmental Concern that has not previously been addressed at, on, under, or from any Real Property
or other real property now or formerly owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party during their respective periods of ownership and/or
operation in quantities which could reasonably be expected to (i) give rise to liability of any Loan Party under any applicable Environmental
Law or otherwise result in material costs to any Loan Party, or (ii) interfere with the continued operations of any Loan Party, or (iii)
impair the fair saleable value of any Real Property owned or leased by any Loan Party; 

(c) there
is no judicial, administrative, or arbitral proceeding (including any notice of violation or alleged violation) under or relating to
any Environmental Law or Environmental Permit to which any Loan Party is, or to Borrower s knowledge, will be, named as a party
that is pending or, to Borrower s knowledge, threatened; 

(d) no
Loan Party has received any written request for information, or been notified that it is a potentially responsible party under or relating
to the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act or any similar Environmental Law, or with respect
to any Materials of Environmental Concern; 

43 

(e) no
Loan Party has entered into or agreed to any consent decree, order, or settlement or other agreement, or is subject to any judgment,
decree, or order or other agreement, in any judicial, administrative, arbitral, or other forum for dispute resolution, relating to compliance
with or liability under any Environmental Law; and 

(f) no
Loan Party has assumed or retained, by contract, any liabilities of any kind, fixed or contingent, known or unknown, under any Environmental
Law or with respect to any Material of Environmental Concern. 

3.20 Accuracy
of Information, etc . No statement or information contained in this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other document, certificate
or other written statement (other than projections, financial estimates, forecasts and other forward-looking information, and other information
of a general economic or industry specific nature) furnished to Agent or the Lenders or any of them, by or on behalf of any Loan Party
for use in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, contained as of the date such
statement, information, document or certificate was so furnished any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material
fact necessary in order to make the statements contained herein or therein not materially misleading. The projections and pro forma
 financial information contained in the materials referenced above are based upon good faith estimates and assumptions believed by
management of the Borrower to be reasonable at the time made, it being recognized by the Lenders that such financial information as it
relates to future events is not to be viewed as fact and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such financial information
may differ from the projected results set forth therein by a material amount. 

3.21
Security Documents. 

(a) The
Guarantee and Security Agreement is effective to create in favor of Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid, binding
and enforceable security interest in the Collateral described therein and proceeds and products thereof and, when financing statements
in appropriate form are filed in the offices specified on Schedule 3.21(a) (which financing statements may be filed by Agent)
at any time and such other filings as are specified on Schedule 1 to the Guarantee and Security Agreement have been completed (all of
which filings may be filed by Agent) at any time, the Guarantee and Security Agreement shall constitute a valid Lien on, and security
interest in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in such Collateral and the proceeds and products thereof, as security
for the Obligations (as defined in the Guarantee and Security Agreement), in each case prior and superior in right to any other Person
(except Permitted Liens). 

(b) Each
of the Mortgages is effective to create in favor of Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a legal, valid, binding and enforceable
Lien on the Mortgaged Properties described therein and proceeds and products thereof; and when the Mortgages are filed in the offices
specified on Schedule 3.21(b) (in the case of Mortgages to be executed and delivered on the Closing Date) or in the recording
office designated by Borrower (in the case of any Mortgage to be executed and delivered pursuant to Section 5.11(b) ), each Mortgage
shall constitute a perfected Lien on, and security interest in, all right, title and interest of the Loan Parties in the Mortgaged Properties
described therein and the proceeds and products thereof, as security for the Obligations (as defined in the relevant Mortgage), in each
case prior and superior in right to any other Person (other than Persons holding Liens or other encumbrances or rights permitted by the
relevant Mortgage or this Credit Agreement). 

3.22 Solvency .
Each Loan Party, on a consolidated basis with its Subsidiaries, is, and after giving effect to the incurrence of all Indebtedness and
obligations being incurred in connection herewith will be and will continue to be, Solvent. 

44 

3.23 Contingent
Obligations . There will be no material Contingent Obligations of any Loan Party existing as of the Closing Date and as of the Closing
Date that are not permitted under this Agreement. 

3.24 Bank
Accounts . Schedule 3.24 lists all accounts maintained by any Loan Party with any bank or financial institution as of the Closing
Date. 

3.25
Material Contracts. 

(a) As
of the Closing Date, Schedule 3.25 contains a complete and accurate list of (x) each Specified Material Contract, (y) each existing
non-binding term sheet, letter of agreement, commitment or similar agreement which any Loan Party has executed and (z) each other contract,
agreement or commitment (other than the Loan Documents) to which any Loan Party is a party or by which it is bound, and which are currently
effective, that are: 

(i) non-competition
agreements or other agreements or obligations that purport to limit in any material respect the manner in which, or the localities in
which, all or any material portion of any Loan Party s business is conducted; 

(ii) agreements for the borrowing of money; 

(iii) employment
agreements, consulting agreements or other contract for services involving a payment of more than 150,000 annually; 

(iv) leases
with respect to any property, real or personal (other than leases constituting Mortgaged Properties) with an annual lease obligation
of greater than 50,000; 

(v) agreements
for a purchase or sale of assets, securities or a business, or otherwise obligating any Loan Party to pay any consideration of more than
 150,000; 

(vi) supply
agreements relating to the sale or provision of feedstock for the production of Black Mass to which any Loan Party is party or bound; 

(vii) stand-by letters of credit, guarantee or performance bond; 

(viii) agreements not made in the ordinary course of business; and 

(ix) material
contracts to which any Loan Party is a party that would terminate or become terminable, require any Loan Party to take any action, cause
any Loan Party to lose any material benefits or give to others any rights of amendment, acceleration, suspension, revocation or cancellation,
under any such contract as a result of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement (each of the foregoing, a Material
Contract ). 

(b) There are no defaults or events of default by any Loan Party under any Material Contract that, if not cured, either individually or in combination with other such defaults or events of default under such Material Contracts, would be likely to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.26 No
Burdensome Restrictions . Neither Borrower nor any Subsidiary is a party to or bound by any contract, or subject to any restriction
in any Constituent Document, or any Requirement of Law, which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

45 

ARTICLE
IV 

 CONDITIONS
PRECEDENT 

4.1 Conditions
to Closing Date . The effectiveness of this Agreement and the obligations of Agent and each Lender hereunder are subject to the satisfaction
of the following conditions precedent: 

(a) Loan
Documents . Agent shall have received the following documents in each case executed and delivered by a duly authorized signatory of
each of the parties thereto: (i) this Agreement, (ii) the Guarantee and Security Agreement, and (iii) a Mortgage covering each of the
Mortgaged Properties. 

(b) Filings,
Registrations and Recordings . Each document (including any UCC financing statement) required by the Security Documents or under law
or reasonably requested by Agent to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create in favor of Agent, for the benefit of the Secured
Parties, a perfected Lien on the Collateral described therein, prior and superior in right to any other Person (other than with respect
to Permitted Liens), shall have been delivered to Agent in proper form for filing, registration or recordation. 

(c) Constituent
Documents . All documents establishing or implementing the ownership, capital and corporate, organizational, tax and legal structure
of each Loan Party shall be reasonably satisfactory to Agent. 

(d) Pro
Forma Balance Sheet . The Lenders shall have received the Pro Forma Balance Sheet and such Pro Forma Balance Sheet shall not, in the
reasonable judgment of Agent or the Lenders, reflect any Material Adverse Effect since December 31, 2022. 

(e) Legal
Opinions . Agent shall have received the executed legal opinion of Fennemore Craig, P.C., counsel to the Loan Parties, with respect
to such matters relating to the Loan Parties and Loan Documents as may be reasonably requested by Agent and the executed legal opinion
of Woods Oviatt Gilman LLP with respect to the enforceability of the Loan Documents that are governed by the laws of the State of New
York and other related matters reasonably requested by Agent, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent. 

(f) Budget;
Projections; Business Plan . The Lenders shall have received (i) a reasonably detailed consolidated budget of Borrower and its Subsidiaries,
which budget shall be reasonably acceptably to the Agent and the Lenders, for (x) each of the fiscal months in the fiscal years 2023
and 2024 and (y) the first two fiscal quarters for fiscal year 2025 (including in each case a projected consolidated balance sheet of
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and the related consolidated statements of projected cash flow, projected changes in financial position
and projected income and a description of the underlying assumptions applicable thereto) and (ii) a satisfactory business plan for fiscal
years 2023, 2024 and 2025 and a satisfactory written analysis of the business and prospects of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the
period from the Closing Date through 2025. 

(g) Evidence
of Consignment Inventory . Agent shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to Agent, including warehouse receipts, confirming
the receipt of scrap inventory by the Borrower of lithium ion batteries consigned under the Borrower s name, in amounts sufficient
for the Borrower and the Loan Parties to produce Qualifying Black Mass in quantities reasonably acceptable to Agent. 

(h) Feedstock
Contract . Agent shall have received proposed basic terms of a feedstock supply contract between a major strategic supplier thereof
acceptable to the Lenders in their sole discretion, on the one hand and Borrower, on the other hand, on terms that are reasonably acceptable
to Agent along with a certificate signed by an Responsible Officer of the Borrower and delivered as of the Closing Date that a contract
on substantially such terms is expected by the Borrower to be executed within ninety (90) days after the Closing Date. 

46 

(i) Discharge
of Indebtedness . Agent shall have received evidence of the payment in full of all Indebtedness (if any) owing by each Loan Party
that is secured by any Property constituting Collateral (except for any Indebtedness to be repaid on the Closing Date with the proceeds
of the Loan and any Indebtedness permitted hereunder) and the unconditional release and termination of all Liens against the assets and
properties of the Loan Parties (other than Permitted Liens) that constitute Collateral. 

(j) Lien
Searches . Agent shall have received the results of a recent lien search in each of the jurisdictions or offices in which UCC financing
statements or other filings or recordations should be made to evidence or perfect security interests in all assets of the Loan Parties
that constitute Collateral (or would have been made at any time during the five years immediately preceding the Closing Date to perfect
Liens on any assets owned on the Closing Date by any Loan Party), and such search shall reveal no Liens on any of the assets of any Loan
Party, except for Permitted Liens or Liens that were or will be terminated, released or otherwise discharged on or prior to the Closing
Date pursuant to documentation satisfactory to Agent. 

(k) Closing Certificate . Agent shall have received a certificate of the Borrower, dated the Closing Date, certifying as to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 4.1(h) , (n) , (p) , (u) and (z) . 

(l) Other
Certifications . Agent shall have received a certificate of the secretary or assistant secretary of each Loan Party (or if such Loan
Party does not have a secretary or assistant secretary, a Responsible Officer) certifying as to the incumbency and genuineness of the
signature of each Responsible Officer of such Loan Party executing Loan Documents to which it is a party and certifying that attached
thereto is a true, correct and complete copy of: 

(i) a
copy of the charter of each Loan Party and each amendment thereto, certified (as of a date reasonably near the Closing Date) as being
a true and correct copy thereof by the Secretary of State or other applicable Governmental Authority of the jurisdiction in which each
such Loan Party is organized; 

(ii) a
copy of each Loan Party s Constituent Documents, certified in each instance by a Responsible Officer or other officer or manager
acceptable to the Agent and, with respect to organizational documents filed with a Governmental Authority, by the applicable Governmental
Authority; and 

(iii) a
copy of a certificate of the Secretary of State or other applicable Governmental Authority of the jurisdiction in which each Loan Party
is organized, dated reasonably near the Closing Date certifying that such Loan Party is duly organized and in good standing under the
laws of such jurisdiction. 

(m) Approvals .
Permits and third party approvals necessary or, in the sole discretion of Agent, advisable to be obtained by a Loan Party in connection
with this Agreement, the Security Documents and the continuing operations of the Loan Parties and the transactions contemplated hereby
shall have been obtained and be in full force and effect, and all applicable waiting periods shall have expired without any action being
taken or threatened by any competent authority which would restrain, prevent or otherwise impose adverse conditions on the financing
contemplated hereby. 

(n) No
Material Adverse Effect . Since December 31, 2022, (i) no development, event or circumstance that has had or could reasonably be expected
to have a Material Adverse Effect shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) no material adverse change or material disruption shall
have occurred and be continuing with respect to the financial, banking or capital markets. 

47 

(o) Due
Diligence . The Lenders shall have completed a satisfactory due diligence review of the Loan Parties, including with respect to each
Loan Party s company organization, business prospects, title to properties, tax, legal and accounting issues. 

(p) No
Default . No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the Closing Date. 

(q) Borrowing
Notice . The Agent shall have received a written Borrowing Notice in accordance with the requirements hereof. 

(r) Additional
Documents . Agent and the Lenders shall have received (i) each Initial Supply Contract and all other relevant materials relating to
the procurement of Black Mass by the Loan Parties, (ii) true and complete copies of each other Material Contract and (iii) such other
documents, agreements, certificates and information as such Persons shall reasonably request. 

(s) Fees .
The Lenders and Agent shall have received all fees required to be paid and Borrower shall have reimbursed Agent and its affiliates for
all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred for which it is obligated, in each case, under any Loan Document (including
reasonable and documented fees, disbursements and other charges of counsel to Agent), on or before the Closing Date. 

(t) Insurance .
Agent shall have received a summary of the insurance carried in respect of each Loan Party and its Properties, covering such liabilities
and with such deductibles or self-insured retentions as are acceptable to Agent, and certificates of insurance, satisfying the requirements
of Section 5.7(b) and otherwise reasonably satisfactory to Agent, naming Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties,
as lender loss payee under its property loss policies and as additional insured on its comprehensive
and general policies and Borrower must use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain certificates that provide that they shall not be
canceled, amended or changed without at least 30 days (ten days for nonpayment) written notice to Agent. 

(u) Representations
and Warranties . Each of the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party in or pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be true
and correct in all material respects on and as of the Closing Date as if made on and as of such date, except for representations and
warranties expressly stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and
correct in all material respects as of such earlier date. 

(v) Solvency .
The Lenders shall have received a reasonably satisfactory Solvency Certificate which shall certify that each Loan Party, on a consolidated
basis, after giving effect to the transactions contemplated hereby, is Solvent. 

(w) Financial
Covenants . The Agent shall have received a certificate satisfactory to it, which shall certify the matters set forth in Section
3.1(b) and (c). 

(x) PATRIOT
Act, etc . The Agent and the Lenders shall have received, prior to the Closing Date, all documentation and other information requested
by the Agent or any Lender or required by regulatory authorities in order for the Agent and the Lenders to comply with requirements of
any Anti-Money Laundering Laws, including the PATRIOT Act and any applicable know your customer rules and regulations. 

48 

(y) Certain
Agreements . Agent shall have received the Marketing Agreement, in form and substance acceptable to the Agent, executed and delivered
by a duly authorized signatory of each of the parties thereto. 

(z) Offtake
Agreements . Agent shall have either (i) terminated the applicable agreement between the Borrower and the applicable company set
forth in clauses (A), (B) and (C) below or (ii) received from each of the following companies a written statement acknowledging that
such company understands and agrees that pursuant to the terms of the company s respective agreement with the Borrower, the
Borrower shall not, in the short-term (as shall be defined by the Agent), have any Black Mass available for the company: (A) Dainen
Material Co., Ltd., (B) reELEMENT Technologies LLC and (C) Westwin Elements, Inc. 

4.2 Each
Delayed Draw Term Loan Borrowing . The obligation of each Delayed Draw Term Lender to make a Delayed Draw Term Loan on the occasion
of any Borrowing of Delayed Draw Term Loans is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: 

(a) Borrowing Notice . The Agent shall have received a Borrowing Notice in accordance with Section 2.2 . 

(b) Representation
and Warranties . Each of the representations and warranties made by any Loan Party in or pursuant to the Loan Documents shall be true
and correct in all material respects on and as of the Closing Date as if made on and as of such date, except for representations and
warranties expressly stated to relate to a specific earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and
correct in all material respects as of such earlier date. 

(c) No
Default . At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred
and be continuing. 

(d) No
Other Borrowings . Immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing, no Initial Term Loans and no other Borrowings of Delayed Draw
Term Loans shall be outstanding without Agent s approval in its sole discretion. 

(e) Recycling Facility . 

(i) The Agent has received evidence reasonably satisfactory to it that the Borrower (or a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Borrower) has acquired, or entered into a long term lease, with respect to the Recycling Facility. 

(ii) The
Agent shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to it that (x) commercial operations at the Recycling Facility shall have
commenced and (y) such Recycling Facility will be producing Qualifying Black Mass in quantities sufficient to satisfy the requirements
of the Marketing Agreement. 

(f) Real
Estate Valuation . Agent shall have received evidence reasonably acceptable to it that the Borrower has engaged, at its expense, a
national or regional real estate brokerage (e.g., CBRE, JLL Commercial, Cushman Wakefield) to provide a broker s opinion
of value of all Collateral consisting of Real Property, and Agent has received such opinion of value with respect to such Collateral. 

(g) Additional
Collateral . Additional Collateral acceptable to Agent in its sole discretion will be available to secure the amount of the Loans
(including the applicable Delayed Draw Term Loans). 

(h) Evidence
of Consignment Inventory . Agent shall have received evidence reasonably satisfactory to Agent, including warehouse receipts, confirming
the receipt of scrap inventory by the Borrower of lithium ion batteries consigned under the Borrower s name, in amounts sufficient
for the Borrower and the Loan Parties to produce Qualifying Black Mass in quantities reasonably acceptable to Agent. 

49 

(i) Feedstock
Supply Contract . Agent shall have received an executed version of a feedstock supply contract from a major strategic supplier thereof
acceptable to the Lenders in their sole discretion, on the one hand and Borrower, on the other hand, on terms that are reasonably acceptable
to Agent or, if such contract is not yet executed, an unexecuted version of such contract along with a certificate signed by a Responsible
Officer of the Borrower and delivered on the date of the applicable Borrowing that such unexecuted contract is expected by the Borrower
to be executed promptly. 

(j) Approval
of Lenders . Such Borrowing shall have been consented to by the Lenders and the Agent in their sole discretion by a written notice
expressly referencing this Section 4.2 . 

Each
Borrowing of Delayed Draw Term Loans shall be accompanied by a certificate of a Responsible Officer certifying as to the matters described
in the foregoing clauses (a) through (c). 

ARTICLE
V 

 AFFIRMATIVE
COVENANTS 

The
Borrower hereby agrees that, until Payment in Full, the Borrower shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to: 

5.1 Financial Statements . Furnish to Agent (for distribution to each Lender): 

(a) not
later than 75 days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower, commencing with the 2023 fiscal year, a copy of the audited consolidated
balance sheet of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such year and the related audited consolidated statements of income and
of cash flows for such year, setting forth in each case (to the extent available) in comparative form the figures as of the end of and
for the previous year, together with a narrative discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of the
Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year as compared to the previous year (to the extent available), and reported on without
a going concern or like qualification or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope of the audit, by the Independent
Accountants; 

(b) not
later than 45 days after the end of each of the first three quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower (commencing with the fiscal
quarter ending June 30, 2023), (i) the unaudited consolidated balance sheets of the Borrower as at the end of such quarter and the related
unaudited consolidated statements of income and of cash flows for such quarter and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of
such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures as of the end of and for the corresponding period in the previous
year (to the extent available), certified by a Responsible Officer as being fairly stated in all material respects (subject to absence
of footnotes and normal year-end audit adjustments) and (ii) a narrative discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results
of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal quarter and for the period from the beginning of the then current
fiscal year to the end of such fiscal quarter, as compared to the portion of the Projections covering such periods and (to the extent
applicable) to the comparable periods of the previous year; and 

(c) such
other information as Agent or any Lender (through the Agent) may from time to time reasonably request. 

All
such financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.1(a) and 5.1(b) shall be complete and correct in all material
respects and prepared in reasonable detail and in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods reflected therein
and with prior periods (except as approved by the Independent Accountants or Responsible Officer, as the case may be, and disclosed therein,
and quarterly financial statements shall be subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and need not be accompanied by footnotes). 

50 

5.2 Production Report; Collateral Reporting . Furnish to Agent: 

(a)
on or before the 20 th day following the last day of each calendar month prior to the Commercial Operations Date, a
monthly report from the Borrower, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to Agent, describing (1) engineering and procurement
progress and the status of engineering deliverables and equipment deliveries to support commencement of production of Black Mass,
(2) an updated forecast schedule, discussion of the critical path, and discussion of any activities that are behind schedule and the
actions and activities that are being taken to bring such activities back on schedule to produce Black Mass in the quantities
required hereby by the Commercial Operations Date, (3) physical progress compared to planned progress and expenditures during such
month, (4) cumulative expenditures with respect to Recycling Facility Costs for the current quarter through the end of such month,
(5) the Borrower s then current estimate of Recycling Facility Costs by month until the expected Commercial Operations Date
and (6) the Borrower s then-current estimates of total Recycling Facility Costs anticipated to be incurred prior to the
Commercial Operations Date, any projected cost overruns and the anticipated date of the Commercial Operations Date; 

(b) within
20 days after the end of each fiscal month (commencing with the fiscal month ending May 31st, 2023), a production report setting forth
(i) the quantities, types, grades and locations of feedstock received by the Loan Parties, (ii) the quantities, types, grades and locations
of Black Mass and Qualifying Black Mass held by the Loan Parties and (iii) a statement of gross and net production of Black Mass and
Qualifying Black Mass and sales proceeds of Black Mass and Qualifying Black Mass, in each case, of the Loan Parties, and together with
such other information as Agent may reasonably request; 

(c) reports,
certifications, engineering studies, environmental assessments or other written material or data reasonably requested by Agent or the
Required Lenders, in the event that Agent or the Required Lenders at any time have a reasonable basis to believe that there may be a
material violation of any Environmental Law or a condition at any Property owned, operated or leased by any Loan Party that could reasonably
give rise to a Material Adverse Effect, or if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; 

(d) prior to any Disposition to any third party anticipated to generate in excess of 100,000 in Net Cash Proceeds, prior written notice of such Disposition, which notice shall (i) describe such Disposition or the nature and material terms and conditions of such transaction and (ii) state the estimated Net Cash Proceeds anticipated to be received by any Loan Party from such Disposition; 

(e) promptly upon execution and delivery thereof, true and complete copies of any Specified Material Contracts, and any amendments, modifications, variances, impairments, assignments or waivers in respect of any Specified Material Contracts; 

(f)
as soon as is practicable following the written request of Agent and in any event within 15 days after the end of each fiscal year
(or such longer period as may be agreed by the Agent in its sole discretion), (i) a report outlining all material insurance coverage
maintained as of the date of such report by each Loan Party and the duration of such coverage and (ii) an insurance broker s
statement that all premiums then due and payable with respect to such coverage have been paid and confirming that Agent has been
named as loss payee or additional insured, as applicable; 

(g) upon
request by Agent, such other reports and information with respect to the Collateral or the financial condition of the Loan Parties as
may be reasonably requested. 

51 

5.3 Certificates; Other Information . Furnish to Agent: 

(a) concurrently
with the delivery of any financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(a) and (b) , (i) a Compliance Certificate of a Responsible
Officer (A) stating that, to such Responsible Officer s knowledge, each Loan Party during such period has observed or performed
all of its covenants and other agreements, and satisfied every condition, contained in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to
which it is a party to be observed, performed or satisfied by such Loan Party, in each case except as specified in such certificate,
and that such Responsible Officer has obtained no knowledge of any Default or Event of Default in existence on such date of delivery
except as specified in such certificate, and (B) commencing with the fiscal quarter ending June 30, 2023, containing calculations of
the financial covenant set forth in Section 6.1 as of the last day of the fiscal quarter most recently ended, (ii) in the case
of quarterly and annual financial statements, to the extent not previously disclosed to Agent, in writing, an updated listing of any
Real Property or Intellectual Property acquired by any Loan Party (in the case of Intellectual Property, limited to any individual item
purchased or otherwise acquired for consideration in excess of 100,000 and consisting of United States registered patents, United States
registered trademarks and United States registered copyrights), since the date of the most recent updated list delivered pursuant to
this clause (ii) (or, in the case of the first such list so delivered, since the Closing Date) and (iii) authorization to file any UCC
financing statements or other filings specified in such Compliance Certificate as being required to be delivered therewith; 

(b) no
later than ten (10) days after the end of each fiscal month of the Borrower, other than the last fiscal month of any fiscal quarter of
the Borrower (commencing with the fiscal month ending April 30, 2023) (or such later date in the Agent s sole discretion), a certificate
of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower containing calculations of the financial covenants set forth in Section 6.1 as of the
last day of the fiscal month most recently ended; 

(c) no
later than thirty (30) days after the end of each fiscal quarter of the Borrower, a reasonably detailed consolidated budget for the following
four fiscal quarters (including a projected consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the end of the following
four fiscal quarters, and the related consolidated statements of projected cash flow, projected changes in financial position and projected
income and a description of the underlying assumptions applicable thereto) (collectively, the Projections ),
which Projections shall in each case be (i) in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Agent and (ii) accompanied by a certificate
of a Responsible Officer stating that such Projections are based on estimates, information and assumptions believed by such Responsible
Officer to be reasonable at the time delivered; provided that the projections and pro forma financial information contained
in the materials referenced above are based upon good faith estimates and assumptions believed by management of the Borrower to be reasonable
at the time made, it being recognized by the Lenders that such financial information as it relates to future events is not to be viewed
as fact and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such financial information may differ from the projected results
set forth therein by a material amount. 

(d) within
five (5) days after any Responsible Officer obtaining knowledge thereof: (i) notice of any development, event, or condition that, individually
or in the aggregate with other developments, events or conditions that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected
to result in the payment by the Loan Parties in the aggregate, of a Material Environmental Amount; and (ii) any notice that any Governmental
Authority has taken action to or may deny any application for an Environmental Permit or other material permit sought by, or revoke or
refuse to renew any such Permit held by any Loan Party or condition approval of any such Permit on terms and conditions, in each case,
if the effect of any such action, denial, revocation or refusal would have a Material Adverse Effect; 

52 

(e) within
five (5) Business Days after receipt thereof by any Loan Party, copies of each final management letter, exception report or similar letter
or report received by such Loan Party from its Independent Accountant; 

(f) no later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the effectiveness thereof (or such later date as the Agent may agree), copies of substantially final drafts of any proposed amendment, supplement, waiver or other modification with respect to any Constituent Document of any Loan Party (other than any immaterial amendment, supplement, waiver or modification); and 

(g) promptly,
such additional financial and other information as Agent or any Lender (through Agent) may from time to time reasonably request. 

5.4 Payment
of Obligations . Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they become delinquent, as the case may be, all
of its material obligations of whatever nature, except where (a) the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good
faith by appropriate proceedings and reserves in conformity with GAAP with respect thereto have been provided on the books of the Loan
Party obligated therefor (to the extent required by GAAP) or (b) the failure to so pay, discharge or satisfy could not reasonably be
expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.5
Maintenance of Existence; Compliance with Obligations, Requirements, etc. 

(a) (i)
Preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its corporate or other existence and (ii) take all reasonable action to maintain all
rights, privileges, franchises, Permits and licenses necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except, in each case,
as otherwise permitted by Section 6.4 and except, in the case of clause (ii) above, to the extent that failure to do so could
not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b) To the extent not in conflict with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, comply with all (i) Contractual Obligations and Constituent Documents and (ii) Permits and Requirements of Law, and use its reasonable efforts to cause all employees, crew members, agents, contractors and subcontractors of any Loan Party to comply with all Permits and Requirements of Law as may be necessary or appropriate to enable such Loan Party so to comply, except, in the case of Contractual Obligations, Permits and Requirements of Law, where the failure to comply could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

5.6
Operation and Maintenance of Property. 

(a) (i)
Keep, preserve and maintain all Property and systems material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition in accordance
with the general practice of other businesses of similar character and size (ordinary wear and tear and casualty events excepted), contractual
obligations binding on it and applicable laws, (ii) make periodic overhauls and all needed or appropriate repairs, renewals, replacements,
additions, betterments, Capital Expenditures and improvements which are necessary for the Property that it owns or operates to satisfy
the requirements of applicable law, governmental authorizations and contractual obligations binding on it and (iii) make all necessary
repairs, renewals and replacements so that its business may be property conducted at all times, and adhere to Section 5.10 of
this Agreement. 

(b) Keep
and continue all material leases, estates and interests constituting Real Property and all material contracts and agreements relating
thereto in full force and effect in accordance with the terms thereof and not permit the same to lapse or otherwise become impaired for
failure to comply with the obligations thereof, whether express or implied. 

53 

(c) Promptly
pay and discharge, or make reasonable and customary efforts to cause to be paid and discharged, all material rentals, royalties, expenses
and indebtedness accruing under the leases or other agreements affecting or pertaining to its Real Property and will do all other things
necessary to keep unimpaired their rights with respect thereto and prevent any forfeiture thereof or default thereunder. 

(d) Promptly perform or make reasonable and customary efforts to cause to be performed, in accordance with industry standards, the obligations required by each and all of the assignments, deeds, leases, sub-leases, contracts and agreements affecting its interests in its material Properties. 

5.7 Insurance . On and after the Closing Date: 

(a) Maintain
with financially sound and reputable insurance companies insurance on all its Property meeting the requirements of the Guarantee and
Security Agreement and in at least such amounts and against at least such risks (but including in any event general liability (including
any excess liability policy) of 

 6,000,000)
as are usually insured against in the same general area by companies engaged in the same or a similar business y in form reasonably acceptable
to the Lenders and otherwise in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent. 

(b) Name
Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, as lender loss payee under its casualty loss policies and
Agent as additional insured on its comprehensive and general liability policies and Borrower must use commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain certificates that provide that the policies shall not be canceled, amended or changed without at least 30
days (ten days for nonpayment) written notice to Agent. 

5.8
Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions. 

(a) Keep
proper books of records and account in which entries true and correct in all material respects and in conformity with GAAP and all Requirements
of Law shall be made of all material dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities. 

(b) Permit
Agent, or any agents or representatives thereof, from time to time during Borrower s normal business hours, upon five Business
Days notice (except that, during the continuance of an Event of Default, no such notice shall be required) to (i) go upon, examine,
inspect and remain on the Properties of any Loan Party, (ii) during any such visit, inspect and verify the amount, character and condition
of any of the Property of any Loan Party, (iii) during any such visit, examine and, at the Loan Parties cost and expense, make
copies of and abstracts from the records and books of account of any Loan Party, and (iv) discuss the affairs, finances and accounts
of any Loan Party with any of their respective officers, directors, employees or Independent Accountants, it being understood that, except
as otherwise stated in clause (iii) above, Agent and each Lender will pay the costs and expenses incurred by it in exercising its rights
under this Section 5.8(b) ; provided that Agent shall give the Borrower the opportunity to participate in any discussions
with their Independent Accountants; provided further that after the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default,
Borrower shall reimburse Agent promptly after a request therefor for the reasonable costs and expenses incurred by it in connection with
the exercise of its rights under this Section 5.8(b) ; provided further that, only Agent on behalf of the Lenders may exercise
rights of Agent and the Lenders under this Section 5.8(b) and, unless an Event of Default shall then be continuing, Agent shall
not exercise such rights more often than two (2) times during any calendar year. 

(c) At
the request of Agent, authorize the Independent Accountants of Borrower to disclose to Agent or any Lender any and all financial statements
and other information of any kind, as Agent or any Lender reasonably requests, from Borrower and which the Independent Accountants may
have with respect to the business, financial condition, results of operations or other affairs of any Loan Party. 

54 

5.9 Notices .
Promptly, and in any event within three Business Days after any Responsible Officer obtains knowledge thereof, give notice to Agent (for
distribution to each Lender) of: 

(a) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; 

(b) any
(i) default or event of default (or alleged default) under any Contractual Obligation of any Loan Party or (ii) litigation, investigation
or proceeding which exists at any time between any Loan Party and any Governmental Authority, that in case of clause (i) or (ii), could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 

(c) any
other litigation or proceeding affecting any Loan Party in which the damages claimed are not covered by insurance is 1,000,000 or more
or in which injunctive or similar relief is sought; 

(d) any
development or event that has had or could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and 

(e) the
audit or examination of any United States federal income Tax Return of any Loan Party, the receipt by any Loan Party of written notice
of any such audit or examination or the receipt of a written assertion of any claim for taxes against any Loan Party in respect of any
such return, in each case where a material amount is at stake. 

Each
notice pursuant to this Section 5.9 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer setting forth details of the
occurrence referred to therein and stating what action any Loan Party proposes to take with respect thereto. 

5.10
Environmental Laws. 

(a) Comply
in all material respects with, and ensure compliance in all material respects at any material Property owned, leased or operated by any
Loan Party by all tenants, subtenants, lessees, sub-lessees, operators and contractors, if any, with, all applicable Environmental Laws
and Environmental Permits, and obtain and comply in all material respects with and maintain, and ensure that all tenants, subtenants,
lessees, sub-lessees, operators and contractors obtain and comply in all material respects with and maintain, any and all Environmental
Permits required by applicable Environmental Laws with respect to any material Property owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party. 

(b) Conduct
and complete all investigations, studies, sampling and testing, and all reporting, investigative, remedial, removal and other actions
required of any Loan Party under Environmental Laws as a result of a release of or the discovery of Materials of Environmental Concern,
and promptly comply in all material respects with all lawful orders and directives of all Governmental Authorities regarding Environmental
Laws. 

(c) Unless
the Agent has waived in its sole discretion, not later than five Business Days prior to the closing of any acquisition of Real Property
by a Loan Party (or such longer period as may be agreed by the Agent) for which Borrower reasonably believes that liability of any Loan
Party for environmental remediation potentially associated with the ownership or operation of all such Real Property is expected to exceed
a Material Environmental Amount, deliver to Agent an environmental report covering such Real Property to be acquired. 

55 

(d) Promptly,
but in no event later than five days of the occurrence of a triggering event, notify Agent in writing of any threatened action, investigation
or inquiry by any Governmental Authority or any demand or threatened lawsuit by any landowner or other third party against any Loan Party
or its Properties of which any Loan Party has knowledge in connection with any Environmental Laws (excluding routine testing and corrective
action) if any Loan Party reasonably anticipates that such action, investigation, inquiry, demand or threatened lawsuit may result in
liability (whether individually or in the aggregate) in excess of the Material Environmental Amount. 

(e) Establish
and implement such procedures as may be necessary to determine and assure that the obligations of each Loan Party under this Section
5.10 are timely and fully satisfied. 

(f) With
respect to all environmental, health and safety related matters concerning its assets or their operations, allocate appropriate and necessary
resources and measures consistent with best industry practices necessary to maintain ongoing compliance with relevant occupational safety
standards, Environmental Laws, Environmental Permits or other Requirement of Law, and to promptly rectify and resolve deficiencies as
they may be recognized. 

5.11
Collateral Matters. 

(a) Commencing
on the Closing Date, Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party to grant to Agent an Acceptable Security Interest in the Material
Real Property within the time periods required by this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Agent shall subordinate such Acceptable
Security Interest in such Collateral as is necessary to grant to the United States government or agency thereof a first priority lien
on assets required by the government or agency thereof in connection with any financing in excess of 10,000,000 being provided by such
United States government or agency thereof, so long as the terms of such financing are consented to by Agent, such consent not to be
unreasonably conditioned, delayed or withheld. Upon any such subordination the applicable interest rate on any Loans will increase by
3.0 so long as such subordination is in effect. 

(b) With
respect to any Property of Borrower and its Subsidiaries as to which Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, does not have an
Acceptable Security Interest (other than any Real Property not owned by a Loan Party and Excluded Assets) that is or is intended to constitute
Collateral, (x) with respect to any Property (including any real or personal property) intended to constitute Collateral pursuant to
the requirement for the Borrower or its Subsidiaries to deliver additional Collateral to the Agent in accordance with Section 4.2(f)
 in connection with any Borrowing of Delayed Draw Term Loans, on or prior to the applicable date of Borrowing of such Delayed Draw
Term Loans, and (y) with respect to any other Property not described in clause (x), within thirty (30) days after written reasonable
request from Agent, the Borrower shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party to: 

(i) execute
and deliver to Agent such Security Documents or amendments to Security Documents and, if applicable, take all actions, including without
limitation, the filing of any financing statements or Mortgages, as Agent requests in writing and deems necessary or advisable to grant
to Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, an Acceptable Security Interest in such Property, 

(ii) unless
waived by Agent in its sole discretion, fully paid American Land Title Association or equivalent lender s title insurance policies
or marked up unconditional binder for such insurance (the Mortgage Policies in form and substance reasonably
requested by the Agent, with endorsements reasonably requested by the Agent, in amounts reasonably acceptable to the Agent (not to exceed
110 of the fair market value of the additional Mortgaged Property covered thereby and subject to any tie-in coverage available), issued,
coinsured and reinsured by title insurers reasonably acceptable to the Agent; 

56 

(iii) unless
waived by Agent in its sole discretion, American Land Title Association/American Congress on Surveying and Mapping form surveys, for
which all necessary fees (where applicable) have been paid, certified to the Agent and the issuer of the Mortgage Policies in a manner
reasonably satisfactory to the Agent by a land surveyor duly registered and licensed in the state in which the property described in
such surveys is located and reasonably acceptable to the Agent; provided that new or updated surveys will not be required if an existing
survey, ExpressMap or other similar documentation is available and is sufficient for the title company issuing such Mortgage Policy to
remove the general survey exception and issue the survey related endorsements without the need for such new or updated surveys; 

(iv) unless
waived by Agent in its sole discretion, customary opinions of local counsel to the Loan Parties in jurisdictions in which such Material
Real Property is located, with respect to the enforceability and perfection of the Mortgages and, if applicable any related fixture filings,
in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent; 

(v) unless
waived by Agent in its sole discretion, customary opinions of counsel to the Loan Parties in the states in which the Loan Parties party
to the Mortgages are organized or formed, with respect to the valid existence, corporate power and authority of such Loan Parties in
the granting of the Mortgages, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent; 

(vi) evidence
that all other actions reasonably requested by the Agent, that are necessary in order to create valid and subsisting Liens on the property
described in the Mortgage or the other Security Documents, have been taken; and 

(vii) evidence
that all documented and invoiced fees, costs and expenses have been paid in connection with the preparation, execution, filing and recordation
of the Mortgages, including reasonable attorneys fees, filing and recording fees, title insurance company coordination fees, documentary
stamp mortgage and intangible taxes and title search. 

(c) With
respect to any new Subsidiary created or acquired by any Loan Party or otherwise becoming a Subsidiary after the Closing Date, the Borrower
shall, and shall cause each other Loan Party (A) on the Acquisition Date (or such later date as the Borrower and Agent may so agree)
with respect to Aqua Metals Transfer, LLC and (B) within thirty (30) days (or such later date as the Borrower and Agent may so agree)
of such creation, acquisition or becoming a Subsidiary, in each case, cause such new Subsidiary to become a party to the Guarantee and
Security Agreement and any other applicable Security Documents. 

5.12
Reserved. 

5.13 Use
of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of the Loan only for the purposes specified in Section 3.18 . 

5.14 Patriot
Act Compliance . Provide such information and take such actions as are reasonably required and requested in writing by Agent or any
Lender in order to assist Agent and Lenders with compliance with the Patriot Act in relation to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents. 

5.15
Further Assurances. 

(a) From
time to time execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, such additional instruments, certificates or documents, and
take all such actions, as Agent may reasonably request for the purposes of implementing or effectuating the provisions of this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents, or of more fully perfecting or renewing the rights of Agent and the Lenders with respect to the Collateral
(or with respect to any additions thereto or replacements or proceeds or products thereof or with respect to any other Property hereafter
acquired by any Loan Party, which may be deemed to be part of the Collateral) pursuant hereto or thereto. 

57 

(b) Upon
the exercise by Agent or (subject to Section 8.10(c) any Lender of any power, right, privilege or remedy pursuant to this Agreement
or the other Loan Documents which requires any consent, approval, recording, qualification or authorization of any Governmental Authority,
promptly following request by Agent or such Lender, execute and deliver, or cause the execution and delivery of, all applications, certifications,
instruments and other documents and papers that Agent or such Lender has requested and is required to obtain from any Loan Party for
such governmental consent, approval, recording, qualification or authorization. 

(c) Preserve
and protect the Lien status of each respective Mortgage and, if any Lien (other than unrecorded Liens permitted under Section 6.3
 that arise by operation of law and other Liens permitted under Section 6.3(e) or (f) is asserted against a Mortgaged
Property, promptly and at its expense, give Agent a detailed written notice of such Lien and pay the underlying claim in full or take
such other action so as to cause it to be released or bonded over in a manner satisfactory to Agent. 

5.16
Reserved. 

5.17 Company
Policies . The Borrower will promptly provide to the Agent for review and comment any material revisions to the Company Policies and
consider in good faith all comments of the Agent prior to revising such Company Policies. 

5.18
Post-Closing Covenant. 

(a) Within
ten (10) Business Days after the Closing Date (or such later date in the Agent s sole discretion), Agent shall have received copies
of all relevant insurance policies (which insurance shall be for such amounts, against such risk, covering such liabilities and with
such deductibles or self-insured retentions as are acceptable to Agent), satisfying the requirements of Section 5.7(b) and otherwise
reasonably satisfactory to Agent, naming Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Secured Parties, as lender loss payee 
under its property loss policies and as additional insured on its comprehensive and general policies. 

(b) Within
fifteen (15) Business Days after the Closing Date (or such later date in the Agent s sole discretion), Agent shall have received
a broker s opinion of value from a national or regional real estate brokerage (e.g., CBRE, JLL Commercial, Cushman Wakefield)
relating to all Collateral consisting of Real Property at such time. 

ARTICLE
VI 

 NEGATIVE
COVENANTS 

The
Borrower hereby agrees that, until Payment in Full, the Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its Subsidiaries (as applicable)
to, directly or indirectly: 

6.1
Financial Condition Covenants. 

(i) Permit
the Debt Service Coverage Ratio as of the last day of each fiscal month (commencing with the fiscal month in which the Initial Monthly
Payment Date occurs) to be less than 1.25:1.00. 

58 

(ii) Permit
the Total Net Debt to Capitalization Ratio, as of the last day of any fiscal month of the Borrower (commencing with the fiscal month
ending May 31, 2023), expressed as a percentage, to exceed 100 at any time. 

(iii)
Permit the amount of Unrestricted Cash held by the Loan Parties to be less than 1,500,000. 

6.2 Indebtedness .
Create, incur, assume, issue, guaranty or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except for the following Permitted Indebtedness ): 

(a) Indebtedness of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document; 

(b) Indebtedness
(x) set forth on Schedule 6.2(b) and (y) of Borrower to any Subsidiary Guarantor and of any Wholly Owned Subsidiary Guarantor
to Borrower or any other Subsidiary Guarantor; 

(c) Indebtedness
incurred with respect to Capital Leases to finance the acquisition, lease, construction or improvement of Property not constituting Collateral
in an aggregate amount for all Capital Leases and purchase money Indebtedness not to exceed 1,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding; 

(d) Guarantee
Obligations made in the ordinary course of business by Borrower or any of their Subsidiaries of obligations of Borrower or any Subsidiary
Guarantor; provided that such Guarantee Obligations made by Borrower of any of their Subsidiaries of obligations of Borrower or any Subsidiary
Guarantor shall be subordinated to the Indebtedness under the Loan Documents to the extent that the underlying Indebtedness that is being
guaranteed is subordinated to or is required to be subordinated to the Indebtedness under the Loan Documents pursuant to this Section
6.2 ; 

(e) obligations
for taxes payable that are not overdue or are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves
with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Loan Party or Subsidiary to the extent required by GAAP; 

(f)
other Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not to exceed 1,000,000; 

(g) Indebtedness
that is secured by assets of any Loan Party that does not constitute Collateral in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding
not to exceed 1,000,000; 

(h) Indebtedness associated with workers compensation claims, performance, bid or surety or similar bonds or surety obligations in connection with the operation by the Loan Parties of its business in the ordinary course of business; and 

(i) Indebtedness arising from the honoring by a bank or other financial institution of a check, draft or other similar instrument inadvertently drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business. 

6.3 Liens .
Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its Property, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, except for: 

(a) Liens
for taxes not yet due or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves with respect
thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Loan Party or Subsidiary to the extent required by GAAP; 

59 

(b) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business which are not overdue for a period of more than 30 days or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Loan Party or Subsidiary to the extent required by GAAP; provided that at no time shall such sums being contested exceed 2,000,000 in the aggregate; 

(c) Liens
incurred in connection with workers compensation, payroll taxes, health, disability, unemployment insurance and other social security
legislation; 

(d) deposits by or on behalf of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts (other than for borrowed money), leases, statutory obligations, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business so long as the aggregate amount of such deposits at any one time does not exceed 250,000; 

(e) Liens
securing Indebtedness of Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries incurred pursuant to Section 6.2(c) to finance the acquisition, construction
or improvement of fixed or capital assets, provided that (i) such Liens and the Indebtedness secured thereby shall be created substantially
simultaneously with the acquisition, construction or improvement of such fixed or capital assets, (ii) such Liens do not at any time
encumber any Property other than the Property financed by such Indebtedness (other than improvements, accessions, proceeds, dividends
or distributions in respect thereof and assets fixed or appurtenant thereto), (iii) the amount of Indebtedness secured thereby is not
increased except to the extent permitted by Section 6.2(c) and (iv) the amount of Indebtedness initially secured thereby is not
more than 100 of the purchase price or cost of construction or improvement of such fixed or capital asset; 

(f) Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents; 

(g) the interest or title of a lessor under any lease (other than Capital Leases) entered into by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of its business and covering only the assets so leased; 

(h) Liens
securing Indebtedness arising solely by virtue of any statutory or common law provision relating to banker s liens, rights of set-off
or similar rights and remedies and burdening only deposit accounts or other funds maintained with a creditor depository institution,
 provided that no such deposit account is subject to restrictions against access by the depositor in excess of those set forth
by regulations promulgated by the Board and no such deposit account is intended by any Loan Party to provide collateral to the depository
institution; 

(i) Liens in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance or other social security, old age pension or public liability obligations which are not delinquent or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate action and for which adequate reserves are maintained to the extent required by GAAP; 

(j) Liens
arising from UCC financing statement filings regarding operating leases entered into in the ordinary course of business covering only
the Property under such lease; 

(k) judgment and attachment Liens not giving rise to an Event of Default under Section 7.1(g) ; 

(l) Liens,
titles and interests of licensors of software and other intangible personal Property licensed by such licensors to any Loan Party or
Subsidiary, restrictions and prohibitions on encumbrances and transferability with respect to such Property and such Loan Party s
or Subsidiary s interests therein imposed by such licenses, and Liens and encumbrances encumbering such licensors titles
and interests in such Property and to which such Loan Party s or Subsidiary s license interests may be subject or subordinate,
in each case, whether or not evidenced by UCC financing statement filings or other documents of record; provided that such Liens
do not secure Indebtedness of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary and do not encumber Property of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary other
than the Property that is the subject of such licenses; and 

60 

(m) other
Liens on Property not constituting Collateral that are not otherwise permitted under the preceding provisions of this Section 6.3
 securing obligations in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed 1,000,000; 

notwithstanding
any exception or basket, there shall be no Liens on the Recycling Facility unless such Liens are permitted under clauses (b), (h), (i),
(k) or (m). 

6.4 Fundamental
Changes . Merge, consolidate, restructure or amalgamate, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution),
Dispose of all or substantially all of its Property or business or, solely with respect to a Loan Party, without at least ten (10) days 
prior written notice to Agent (or such later date in the Agent s sole discretion), amend, modify or otherwise change its legal
name, jurisdiction of organization, organizational identification number or FEIN, except that, if no Default or Event of Default shall
have occurred and be continuing: 

(a) any
Subsidiary of Borrower may be merged or consolidated with or into Borrower provided that Borrower shall be the continuing or
surviving entity) or with or into any Wholly Owned Subsidiary Guarantor provided that (i) such Subsidiary Guarantor shall be
the continuing or surviving entity or (ii) simultaneously with such transaction, the continuing or surviving entity shall become a Subsidiary
Guarantor and Borrower shall comply with Section 5.12 in connection therewith); 

(b) any Subsidiary of Borrower may Dispose of any or all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to Borrower or any Wholly Owned Subsidiary Guarantor; 

(c) the
Capital Stock of any Subsidiary may be transferred to Borrower or any other Wholly-Owned Subsidiary Guarantor; 

(d) any Subsidiary of Borrower may liquidate, wind up or dissolve if Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation, winding up or dissolution is in the best interests of itself and its Subsidiaries and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders; 

(e) any
Subsidiary may effect a merger, dissolution, liquidation, consolidation or amalgamation to effect a Disposition permitted pursuant to
 Section 6.5 . 

6.5 Disposition
of Property . Dispose of any of its Property (including receivables and leasehold interests), whether now owned or hereafter acquired,
or, in the case of any Subsidiary of the Borrower, issue or sell any shares of such Subsidiary s Capital Stock (including pursuant
to any merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization, reorganization or amalgamation) to any Person, except: 

(a) Dispositions
of property that is obsolete, worn out, uneconomic and disposed of in the ordinary course of business or no longer necessary for the
business of the Loan Parties or is replaced by Property of at least comparable value and use; 

(b) subject
to the language at the end of this Section 6.5 , Dispositions of Real Property or other Property that does not constitute Collateral; 

(c) Dispositions permitted by Section 6.4(b) ; 

61 

(d) the sale or issuance of any Subsidiary s Capital Stock to Borrower or any Wholly Owned Subsidiary Guarantor; 

(e) the
sale of inventory (including Black Mass sold as produced) which is sold in the ordinary course of business on ordinary trade terms; 

(f) Dispositions
of claims against customers, working interest owners, other industry partners or any other Person in connection with workouts or bankruptcy,
insolvency or other similar proceedings with respect thereto; 

(g) Dispositions
of funds collected for the beneficial interest of, or of the interests owned by, royalty, overriding royalty or working interest owners; 

(h) subject
to Section 5.16 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement, sales, assignments, conveyances, transfers or other dispositions of Property
between or among Loan Parties; 

(i) the Disposition of Cash Equivalents or cash in the ordinary course of business; 

(j) the
sale, transfer, lease, or other Disposition of Property to a Loan Party or among Loan Parties; and 

(k) lapse,
abandonment or other Disposition of Intellectual Property, that is in the reasonable business judgment of Borrower, no longer used or
useful in the conduct of its business or otherwise uneconomical to prosecute or maintain; 

notwithstanding
any exception or basket herein, in no event shall the Loan Parties Dispose of the Recycling Facility (except for a sale and leaseback
of the Recycling Facility). 

6.6 Restricted
Payments . Declare or pay any dividend on, or make any payment on account of, or set apart assets for a sinking or other analogous
fund for, the purchase, redemption, defeasance, retirement or other acquisition of, any Capital Stock of any Loan Party, whether now
or hereafter outstanding, or make any other distribution in respect thereof, either directly or indirectly, whether in cash or property
or in obligations of Loan Party, or make or offer to make any payment or prepayment of principal, premium (if any), interest, fees (including
fees to obtain any waiver or consent) or other charges on, or effect any repurchase, redemption, purchase, retirement, defeasance, sinking
fund or similar payment with respect to, any Indebtedness (other than the Obligations) of any Loan Party (the payments or other transactions
described in this Section 6.6 collectively, Restricted Payments ), except that any Subsidiary may make
Restricted Payments to Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor ratably with respect to its Capital Stock. 

6.7 Transactions
with Affiliates . Enter into any transaction, including any purchase, sale, lease or exchange of Property, the rendering of any service
or the payment of any management, advisory or similar fees, with any Affiliate (other than any Loan Party) unless such transaction is
(a) otherwise permitted under this Agreement, (b) in the ordinary course of business of the Loan Party that is party to such transaction
and (c) upon fair and reasonable terms no less favorable to such Loan Party than it would obtain in a comparable arm s length transaction
with a Person that is not an Affiliate; provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit (i) issuances of Capital Stock not prohibited
by this Agreement, (ii) any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 6.6 or any Investment permitted by Section 6.8 or (iii)
employment, bonus, retention and severance arrangements with, and payments of compensation or benefits or directors fees to or
for the benefit of, current or former employees, consultants, officers, managers or directors of any Loan Party or Subsidiary in the
ordinary course of business. 

62 

6.8 Sale
and Leaseback . Enter into any sale and leaseback transaction with respect to any Material Real Property. 

6.9 Changes
in Fiscal Periods . Permit the fiscal year of any Loan Party to end on a day other than June 30 or change the method of determining
its fiscal year for any Loan Party. 

6.10 Negative
Pledge Clauses . Enter into or suffer to exist or become effective any agreement that prohibits or limits the ability of any Loan
Party to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its Property or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired,
to secure the Obligations or, in the case of any Guarantor, its obligations under the Guarantee and Security Agreement, other than (a)
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (b) in the case of Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor, any agreements governing any purchase
money Liens or Capital Lease Obligations otherwise permitted hereby (in which case, any prohibition or limitation shall only be effective
against the assets financed thereby), (c) prohibitions, restrictions and conditions imposed by any Governmental Authority, (d) customary
prohibitions, restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale, transfer or other disposition of any Property
pending such sale, transfer or other disposition and (e) customary restrictions in leases, subleases or similar agreements so long as
such restrictions related to the Property subject thereto or to customary provisions in contracts restricting the assignment thereof. 

6.11 Restrictions
on Subsidiary Distributions . Enter into or suffer to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction on the ability
of any Subsidiary to (a) make Restricted Payments in respect of any Capital Stock of such Subsidiary held by, or pay or subordinate any
Indebtedness owed to, any Loan Party, (b) make investments in any Loan Party or (c) transfer any of its assets to any Loan Party, except
for such encumbrances or restrictions existing under or by reason of (i) any restrictions existing under the Loan Documents, (ii) any
restrictions with respect to a Subsidiary imposed pursuant to an agreement that has been entered into in connection with the Disposition
of all or substantially all of the Capital Stock or assets of such Subsidiary, (iii) any restrictions in the ordinary course of business
that arise in connection with any Permitted Lien and relate to the property subject to such Lien, (iv) any negative pledges and restrictions
on Liens in favor of any holder of Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.2(c) but solely to the extent any negative pledge relates
to the property financed by or the subject of such Indebtedness and the proceeds and products thereof, (v) any provisions restricting
assignment of any agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business and (vi) any restrictions that apply by reason of any applicable
laws, rule, regulation or order or are required by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries. 

6.12 Lines
of Business . Enter into any business, either directly or through any Subsidiary, except for (a) the procurement, production, sale
and marketing of battery metals and materials and other Black Mass, (b) research and development of technologies related to battery metals
and materials; (c) the construction and operation of waste storage facilities, and (d) the exploration and processing of primary metals,
and (e) activities reasonably incidental, complementary or relating to clauses (a) through (d). 

6.13 ERISA
Plans . Except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (a) adopt,
maintain, contribute to, or incur any liability with respect to, any ERISA Plan or (b) have an ERISA Affiliate. 

6.14 Hedging
Agreements . Enter into, or suffer to exist, any Hedging Agreement other than Hedging Agreements entered into in the ordinary course
of business to hedge or mitigate risks to which any Loan Party is exposed in the conduct of its business or the management of its liabilities.
Solely for the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower acknowledge that a Hedging Agreement entered into for speculative purposes or of a speculative
nature is not a Hedging Agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business to hedge or mitigate risks. 

63 

6.15 New
Subsidiaries . Acquire, form, incorporate or organize any Subsidiary or permit to exist any Subsidiary (a) having any Capital Stock
that is not wholly owned by Borrower directly or through other Wholly-Owned Subsidiaries or (b) that is not a Guarantor within the time
period required by Section 5.12. 

6.16 Use
of Proceeds . Use or permit the use of all or any portion of the proceeds of the Loan for any purpose other than as permitted pursuant
to Section 5.13 . 

6.17
Amendments to Certain Documents and Agreements. 

(a) amend,
modify or otherwise change, or permit any amendment, modification, or other change to (pursuant to a waiver or otherwise) or a consent
to the Marketing Agreement in a manner that is adverse to the Agent or the Lenders; or 

(b) amend,
modify or otherwise change, or permit any amendment, modification, or other change to (pursuant to a waiver or otherwise) or a consent
to any Material Contract (other than the Marketing Agreement) in a manner that is materially adverse to the Agent or the Lenders; or 

(c) amend,
modify or otherwise change, or permit any amendment, modification or other change to (pursuant to a waiver or otherwise), any of its
Constituent Documents (including by the filing or modification of any certificate of designation, or any agreement or arrangement (including
any shareholders agreement) entered into with respect to any of its Capital Stock), or enter into any new agreement with respect
to any of its Capital Stock, except any such amendments, modifications or changes or any such agreements or arrangements that could not
reasonably be expected to materially and adversely affect any right, privilege or interest of Agent or the Lenders under the Loan Documents
or in the Collateral. 

6.18 Company
Policies . Adopt, amend, modify or supplement any Company Policy in any manner that would be likely to have an adverse effect on Agent
of any Lender without the prior written consent of the Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably conditioned, withheld or delayed). 

6.19 Black
Mass Production . Fail to produce, over the previous three (3) month period (commencing with the first day of the month that is four
(4) months after the Commercial Operations Date), no less than 300 metric tons of Qualifying Black Mass in the aggregate during any such
trailing three (3) month period. 

ARTICLE
VII 

 EVENTS
OF DEFAULT 

7.1 Events of Default . If any of the following events shall occur and be continuing: 

(a) Borrower
or any other Loan Party shall fail to pay (i) any principal or interest of any Loan when due or (ii) any fee or any other Obligation
(other than as described in clause (i)) within five (5) days after being due; or 

(b) Any
representation or warranty made or deemed made by any Loan Party herein or in any other Loan Document or that is contained in any certificate,
document or financial or other statement furnished by it at any time under or in connection with this Agreement or any such other Loan
Document shall prove to have been inaccurate in any material respect on or as of the date made or deemed made or furnished; or 

64 

(c)
Any Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any agreement contained in Sections 5.5(a) (solely with
respect the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries existence), 5.7(b) , 5.9(a) , 5.11 , 5.16 or 5.18 , Article
VI or an Event of Default under and as defined in a Mortgage shall have occurred and be continuing; or 

(d) Any
Loan Party shall default in the observance or performance of any other agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document
(other than as provided in paragraphs (a) through (c) of this Section 7.1 ), and such default shall continue unremedied
for a period of 30 days after the earlier the date on which (x) any Responsible Officer of a Loan Party becomes aware of such failure
and (y) written notice by Agent or any Lender is received by Borrower; or 

(e) Any
Loan Party shall (i) be in default in the making of any payment of any principal or interest of any Indebtedness (including any Guarantee
Obligation, but excluding the Loan and other Obligations) after passage of any notice and any cure period; or (ii) be in default, after
passage of any applicable notice and cure period, in the observance or performance of any other agreement or condition relating to any
such Indebtedness (including any Guarantee Obligation but excluding the Obligations) or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing,
securing or relating thereto, or any other event shall occur or condition exist, the effect of which default or other event or condition
is to cause, or to permit the holder or beneficiary of such Indebtedness (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or beneficiary)
to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to become due prior to its stated maturity or to become subject to
a mandatory offer to purchase by the obligor thereunder or (in the case of any such Indebtedness constituting a Guarantee Obligation)
to become payable, in each case, after giving effect to any applicable grace period; provided that a default, event or condition
described in clause (i) or (ii) of this paragraph (e) shall not at any time constitute an Event of Default unless, at such time, one
or more defaults, events or conditions of the type described in clauses (i) and (ii) of this paragraph (e) shall have occurred and be
continuing with respect to Indebtedness the outstanding principal amount of which exceeds in the aggregate 500,000; or 

(f) (i) Any Loan Party shall commence any case, proceeding or other action (A) under any existing or future law of any jurisdiction, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it, or seeking to adjudicate it bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, winding up, liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief with respect to it or its debts, or (B) seeking appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all of its assets, or such Loan Party shall make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (ii) there shall be commenced against any Loan Party any case, proceeding or other action of a nature referred to in clause (i) above that (A) results in the entry of an order for relief or any such adjudication or appointment or (B) remains undismissed, undischarged or unbonded for a period of 60 days; or (iii) there shall be commenced against any Loan Party any case, proceeding or other action seeking issuance of a warrant of attachment, execution, restraint or similar process against all or substantially all of its assets that results in the entry of an order for any such relief that shall not have been vacated, discharged, or stayed or bonded pending appeal within 60 days from the entry thereof; or (iv) any Loan Party shall take any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the acts set forth in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) above; or (v) any Loan Party shall generally not, or shall be unable to, or shall admit in writing its inability to, pay its debts as they become due; or 

(g) One or more final judgments or decrees shall be entered against any Loan Party involving for the Loan Parties taken as a whole a liability (not paid or fully covered by insurance as to which the relevant insurance company has acknowledged coverage) of 500,000 or more, and all such judgments or decrees shall not have been vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal within 30 days from the entry thereof; or 

65 

(h) (i)
Any of the Security Documents shall cease, for any reason (other than by reason of the express release thereof pursuant to Section
9.16 ), to be in full force and effect or any Loan Party or any Affiliate of any Loan Party shall so assert; (ii) as a result of action
taken or omitted to be taken by any Loan Party, Agent shall fail to have an Acceptable Security Interest in a material portion of the
Collateral, which failure is not remedied within five days after notice thereof to Borrower from Agent; (iii) or any provision of any
Loan Document shall at any time for any reason be declared to be null and void, or the validity or enforceability thereof shall be contested
by any Loan Party, or a proceeding shall be commenced by any Loan Party or by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over any
Loan Party, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or any Loan Party shall deny that any Loan Party has any
liability or obligation purported to be created under any Loan Document; or 

(i) The
guarantee contained in Article 2 of the Guarantee and Security Agreement shall cease, for any reason (other than by reason of the express
release thereof pursuant to Section 9.16 ), to be in full force and effect or any Loan Party or any Affiliate of any Loan Party
shall so assert; or 

(j) any
Specified Material Contract or Relevant Material Contract is terminated (except at the end of its term and not a result of any default
thereunder) or (ii) any counterparty to a Relevant Material Contract shall materially breach, or be in material default (beyond any applicable
grace or cure periods) under, or shall repudiate any such Relevant Material Contract; provided that there shall be no Event of
Default under this Section 7.1(j) if the applicable Loan Party executes and delivers a Replacement Material Contract within sixty
(60) days of any termination, breach, default or repudiation that would otherwise give rise to an Event of Default under this Section
7.1(j) ; or 

(k) the
MIPA or the Marketing Agreement is terminated (except at the end of its term and not as a result of a default thereunder) or Borrower
or any Loan Party will be in default in any material way of its obligations under the MIPA (beyond any applicable notice and cure period)
or shall repudiate the MIPA (or any material terms thereof). 

(l) the Commercial Operations Date shall not have occurred on or prior to November 17, 2023; or 

(m) any
 event of default termination event or similar or equivalent event shall have occurred under the Marketing
Agreement; 

(n) After the Acquisition Date, any Event of Abandonment shall occur; or 

(o) a Change of Control shall have occurred; 

then,
and in any such event, (A) if such event is an Event of Default (x) specified in clause (i) or (ii) of paragraph (f) above with respect
to the Borrower or (y) specified in paragraphs (k) or (l) above, in each case, the Commitments shall immediately automatically terminate
and the Loan hereunder (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
shall immediately become due and payable, and (B) if such event is any other Event of Default, with the consent of the Required Lenders,
Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders, Agent shall, by notice to Borrower, declare the Loan hereunder (with accrued
interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to be due and payable forthwith, whereupon
the same shall immediately become due and payable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 7.1 , an Event of Default
shall not have deemed to occur after the Closing Date and prior to the Acquisition Date if such Event of Default has occurred solely
because of the fact that the Aqua Metals Acquisition has not yet occurred during such period; provided, that, if such Event of Default
is continuing after the Acquisition Date, then such Event of Default is deemed to have occurred and be continuing on the Acquisition
Date. 

66 

7.2 Remedies .
Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent and (subject to Section 8.10(c) the Lenders shall
be entitled to exercise any and all remedies available under the Security Documents or otherwise available under applicable law or otherwise. 

ARTICLE
VIII 

 THE
AGENT 

8.1 Appointment .
Each Lender hereby irrevocably designates and appoints Agent as the agent of such Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents,
and each Lender irrevocably authorizes Agent, in such capacity, to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to Agent by the terms of
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any
provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set
forth herein, or any fiduciary relationship with any Lender, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations
or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against Agent. 

8.2 Delegation
of Duties . Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents by or through agents or attorneys
in fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. Agent shall not be responsible for
the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in fact selected by it with reasonable care. 

8.3 Exculpatory
Provisions . Neither Agent nor any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys in fact or affiliates shall be (i) liable
for any action lawfully taken or omitted to be taken by it or such Person (INCLUDING SUCH PERSON S OWN NEGLIGENCE) under or in
connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document (except to the extent that any of the foregoing are found by a final and nonappealable
decision of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from its or such Person s own gross negligence or willful misconduct)
or (ii) responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders for any recitals, statements, representations or warranties made by any Loan
Party or any officer or manager thereof contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or in any certificate, report, statement
or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan
Document or for the value, validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document
or for any failure of any Loan Party to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. Agent shall not be under any obligation to any
Lender to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement
or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the properties, books or records of any Loan Party. 

8.4 Reliance
by Agent . Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any instrument, writing, resolution, notice,
consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, facsimile, email, statement, order or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine
and correct and to have been signed, sent or made by the proper Person or Persons and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including
counsel to the Loan Parties), independent accountants and other experts selected by Agent. Agent may deem and treat the payee of any
Note as the owner thereof for all purposes unless such Note shall have been transferred in accordance with Section 9.7 and all
actions required by Section 9.7 in connection with such transfer shall have been taken. Agent shall be fully justified in failing
or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless it shall first receive such advice or concurrence
of the Required Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders or any other instructing group of Lenders specified by this
Agreement) as it deems appropriate or it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders against any and all liability
and expense that may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Agent shall in all cases be fully protected
in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in accordance with a request of the Required
Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders or any other instructing group of Lenders specified by this Agreement), and
such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all the Lenders and all future holders of
the Loan. 

8.5 Notice
of Default . Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default hereunder
unless Agent shall have received notice from a Lender or Borrower referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default
and stating that such notice is a notice of default . In the event that Agent shall receive such a notice, Agent shall give
notice thereof to the Lenders. Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as shall be reasonably directed
by the Required Lenders (or, if so specified by this Agreement, all Lenders or any other instructing group of Lenders specified by this
Agreement); provided that unless and until Agent shall have received such directions, Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take
such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable in the best
interests of the Lenders. 

8.6 Non
Reliance on Agent and Other Lenders . Each Lender expressly acknowledges that neither Agent nor any of its officers, directors, employees,
agents, attorneys and other advisors, partners, attorneys in fact or affiliates have made any representations or warranties to it and
that no act by Agent hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of a Loan Party or any affiliate of a Loan Party, shall be
deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by Agent to any Lender. Each Lender represents to Agent that it has, independently
and without reliance upon Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its
own appraisal of an investigation into the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the
Loan Parties and their affiliates and made its own decision to make its portion of the Loan hereunder and enter into this Agreement.
Each Lender also represents that it will, independently and without reliance upon Agent or any other Lender, and based on such documents
and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking
or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such investigation as it deems necessary to inform
itself as to the business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of the Loan Parties and their affiliates.
Except for notices, reports and other documents expressly required to be furnished to the Lenders by Agent hereunder, Agent shall not
have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender with any credit or other information concerning the business, operations, property,
condition (financial or otherwise), prospects or creditworthiness of any Loan Party or any affiliate of a Loan Party that may come into
the possession of Agent or any of its officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys and other advisors, partners, attorneys in fact
or affiliates. 

67 

8.7
Indemnification . THE LENDERS AGREE TO INDEMNIFY AGENT AND EACH AFFILIATE THEREOF AND THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS,
EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS (TO THE EXTENT NOT REIMBURSED BY ANY LOAN PARTY AND WITHOUT LIMITING THE OBLIGATION OF ANY LOAN PARTY TO DO
SO), RATABLY ACCORDING TO THEIR RESPECTIVE AGGREGATE EXPOSURE PERCENTAGES IN EFFECT ON THE DATE ON WHICH INDEMNIFICATION IS SOUGHT
UNDER THIS SECTION 8.7 (OR, IF INDEMNIFICATION IS SOUGHT AFTER THE DATE UPON WHICH THE COMMITMENTS SHALL HAVE TERMINATED AND
THE LOAN SHALL HAVE BEEN PAID IN FULL, RATABLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH AGGREGATE EXPOSURE PERCENTAGES IMMEDIATELY PRIOR TO SUCH
DATE), FOR, AND TO SAVE AGENT HARMLESS FROM AND AGAINST, ANY AND ALL LIABILITIES, OBLIGATIONS, LOSSES, DAMAGES, PENALTIES, ACTIONS,
JUDGMENTS, SUITS, COSTS, EXPENSES OR DISBURSEMENTS OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER THAT MAY AT ANY TIME (INCLUDING AT ANY TIME FOLLOWING THE
PAYMENT OF THE LOAN) BE IMPOSED ON, INCURRED BY OR ASSERTED AGAINST AGENT IN ANY WAY RELATING TO OR ARISING OUT OF, THE COMMITMENTS,
THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY DOCUMENTS CONTEMPLATED BY OR REFERRED TO HEREIN OR THEREIN OR THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY OR ANY ACTION TAKEN OR OMITTED BY AGENT UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY OF THE FOREGOING
(INCLUDING AGENT S OWN NEGLIGENCE); PROVIDED THAT NO LENDER SHALL BE LIABLE FOR THE PAYMENT OF ANY PORTION OF SUCH
LIABILITIES, OBLIGATIONS, LOSSES, DAMAGES, PENALTIES, ACTIONS, JUDGMENTS, SUITS, COSTS, EXPENSES OR DISBURSEMENTS THAT ARE FOUND BY
A FINAL AND NONAPPEALABLE DECISION OF A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO HAVE RESULTED SOLELY AND PROXIMATELY FROM AGENT S
GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT. WITHOUT LIMITATION OF THE FOREGOING, EACH LENDER AGREES TO REIMBURSE AGENT PROMPTLY UPON
DEMAND FOR ITS RATABLE SHARE OF ANY OUT OF POCKET EXPENSES (INCLUDING COUNSEL FEES) INCURRED BY AGENT IN CONNECTION WITH THE
PREPARATION, EXECUTION, DELIVERY, ADMINISTRATION, MODIFICATION, AMENDMENT, OR ENFORCEMENT (WHETHER THROUGH NEGOTIATIONS, LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS, OR OTHERWISE) OF, OR LEGAL ADVICE IN RESPECT OF RIGHTS OR RESPONSIBILITIES UNDER, THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN
DOCUMENT, TO THE EXTENT THAT AGENT IS NOT REIMBURSED FOR SUCH BY BORROWER. The agreements in this Section 8.7 shall survive
the payment of the Loan and all other amounts payable hereunder. 

8.8 Agent
in its Individual Capacity . Agent and its affiliates may make loans to, accept deposits from and generally engage in any kind of
business with any Loan Party as though Agent were not Agent. With respect to its portion of the Loan made or renewed by it, Agent shall
have the same rights and powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as any Lender and may exercise the same as though it
were not an Agent, and the terms Lender and Lenders shall include Agent in its individual capacity. 

8.9 Successor
Agent . Agent may resign as Agent upon 10 days notice to the Lenders and Borrower. If Agent shall resign as Agent under this
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, then the Required Lenders shall appoint from among the Lenders (and the Affiliates of any of
the Lenders) a successor agent for the Lenders, whereupon such successor agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of Agent,
and the term Agent shall mean such successor agent effective upon such appointment and approval, and the former Agent s
rights, powers and duties as Agent shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Agent or
any of the parties to this Agreement or any holders of the Loan. If no successor agent has accepted appointment as Agent by the date
that is 10 days following a retiring Agent s notice of resignation, the retiring Agent s resignation shall nevertheless thereupon
become effective, and the Lenders shall assume and perform all of the duties of Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Required
Lenders appoint a successor agent as provided for above. After the retiring Agent s resignation as Agent, the provisions of this
 Article VIII shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents. 

8.10
Collateral Matters. 

(a) Agent
is hereby irrevocably authorized by each of the Lenders to effect any release of Liens or guarantee obligations contemplated by Section
9.16 . 

68 

(b) Agent is authorized on behalf of the Secured Parties, without the necessity of any notice to or further consent from the Secured Parties, from time to time, to take any actions with respect to any Collateral or Security Documents which may be necessary to perfect and maintain Acceptable Security Interests in and Liens upon the Collateral granted pursuant to the Security Documents. Agent is further authorized on behalf of the Secured Parties, without the necessity of any notice to or further consent from the Secured Parties, from time to time, to take any action (other than enforcement actions requiring the consent of, or request by, the Required Lenders as set forth in Section 7.1 above) in exigent circumstances as may be reasonably necessary to preserve any rights or privileges of the Secured Parties under the Loan Documents or applicable legal requirements. By accepting the benefit of the Liens granted pursuant to the Security Documents, each Secured Party not party hereto hereby agrees to the terms of this Section 8.10(b) . 

(c) Notwithstanding
anything contained in any of the Loan Documents to the contrary, Borrower, Agent, and each Secured Party hereby agree that no Secured
Party shall have any right individually to realize upon any of the Collateral or to enforce any Guarantee Obligations, it being understood
and agreed that all powers, rights and remedies hereunder and under the Security Documents may be exercised solely by Agent on behalf
of the Secured Parties in accordance with the terms hereof. By accepting the benefit of the Liens granted pursuant to the Security Documents,
each Secured Party not party hereto hereby agrees to the terms of this Section 8.10(c) . 

ARTICLE
IX 

 MISCELLANEOUS 

9.1 Amendments
and Waivers . Neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any terms hereof or thereof may be amended, supplemented or modified
except in accordance with the provisions of this Section 9.1 . The Required Lenders and each Loan Party that is party to the relevant
Loan Document may, or (with the written consent of the Required Lenders) Agent and each Loan Party that is party to the relevant Loan
Document may, from time to time, (a) enter into written amendments, supplements or modifications hereto and to the other Loan Documents
(including amendments and restatements hereof or thereof) for the purpose of adding any provisions to this Agreement or the other Loan
Documents or changing in any manner the rights of the Lenders or of the Loan Parties hereunder or thereunder or (b) waive, on such terms
and conditions as may be specified in the instrument of waiver, any of the requirements of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents
or any Default or Event of Default and its consequences; provided , however , that no such waiver and no such amendment,
supplement or modification shall: 

(i) forgive
the principal amount or extend the final scheduled date of maturity of any Loan, reduce the stated rate of any interest or fee payable
hereunder or extend the scheduled date of any payment thereof, or increase the amount or extend the expiration date of any Commitment
of any Lender, in each case without the consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby; 

(ii) amend,
modify or waive any provision of this Section 9.1 or reduce any percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders, consent
to the assignment or transfer by Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, or
(except as specified in Section 9.16 release all or substantially all of the Collateral or release all or substantially all of
the Subsidiary Guarantors from their Guarantee Obligations under the Guarantee and Security Agreement, in each case without the consent
of all Lenders; 

(iii) amend,
modify or waive any provision of Article VIII or any other provision of any Loan Document affecting the rights, duties and obligations
of Agent without the consent of Agent; 

(iv) amend,
modify or waive the pro rata provisions of Section 2.11 without the consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected
thereby; or 

69 

(v) impose
restrictions on assignments and participations that are more restrictive than, or additional to, those set forth in Section 9.7 . 

Any
such waiver and any such amendment, supplement or modification shall be binding upon the Loan Parties, the Lenders, Agent and all future
holders of the Loan. In the case of any waiver, the Loan Parties, the Lenders, Agent shall be restored to their former position and rights
hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing;
but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default or Event of Default, or impair any right consequent thereon. Any such
waiver, amendment, supplement or modification shall be effected by a written instrument signed by the parties required to sign pursuant
to the foregoing provisions of this Section 9.1 ; provided, however, that delivery of an executed signature page of any such instrument
by facsimile transmission or in portable document format (.pdf) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart thereof. 

9.2 Notices .
All notices, requests and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto to be effective shall be in writing and shall be delivered
by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by electronic mail, (a) in the case of Borrower
or Agent, as follows, (b) in the case of the Lenders, as set forth in an administrative questionnaire delivered to Agent or, in the case
of a Lender which becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, in such Assignment and Acceptance or (c)
in the case of any party, to such other address or electronic mail address as such party may hereafter notify the other parties hereto: 

Borrower American
 Battery Technology Company 
 100
 Washington Street, Suite #100 

 Reno,
Nevada 89503 

Attention: Ryan
 Melsert, Chief Executive Officer 
 Email:
 rmelsert@batterymetals.com 

with
 a copy to (which copy 

 shall
not constitute notice): 

 Bret
 Meich, General Counsel 
 
 Email:
 bmeich@batterymetals.com 

Agent: Mercuria
 Investments US, Inc. 
 20
 Greenway Plaza, Suite 650 

 Houston,
TX 77046 

 Attention:
Legal Department 

 Email:
 asalese@mercuria.com 

with
 a copy to (which copy 

 shall
not constitute notice): 

 Sidley
 Austin LLP 
 
 1000
 Louisiana Street, Suite 6000 

 Houston,
TX 77002 

 Attention:
Daniel Allison 

 Email:
 dallison@sidley.com 

provided
 that any notice, request or demand to or upon Agent or any Lender shall not be effective until received. 

70 

Notices
and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved
by Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by Agent
and the applicable Lender. Agent or Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder
by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to
particular notices or communications. Agent hereby agrees to accept notices hereunder (including notices pursuant to Section 2.3 by electronic mail in portable document format (.pdf). 

9.3 No
Waiver; Cumulative Remedies . No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of Agent or any Lender, any right, remedy,
power or privilege hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise
of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right,
remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights,
remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 

9.4 Survival
of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties made herein, in the other Loan Documents and in any document,
certificate or statement delivered pursuant hereto or in connection herewith shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement
and the making of the Loan and other extensions of credit hereunder until Payment in Full. 

9.5 Payment of Expenses . Borrower agrees to 

(a) pay
or reimburse Agent within 10 days of written demand for all of its reasonable out-of- pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection
with the continuing diligence review of the Loan Parties and the development, preparation and execution of, and any amendment, supplement,
waiver or modification to, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any other documents prepared in connection herewith or therewith,
and the consummation and administration of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, including the reasonable fees and disbursements
and other charges of counsel and consultants to Agent (but limited, in the case of legal fees and expenses, to one external counsel for
Agent and, if reasonably required by Agent, one firm of local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction (which may include a single firm
of special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions), and, solely in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest where the
affected Person(s) informs Borrower of such conflict, one additional external counsel for each group of similarly situated affected Person(s),
taken as a whole, and, if reasonably required by such affected Person(s), one firm of local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction (which
may include a single firm of special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for each group of similarly situated affected Person(s),
taken as a whole) and the charges of Intralinks (it being agreed that in no event will amounts to be paid or reimbursed by Borrower under
this clause (a) exceed 300,000); and 

(b) pay
or reimburse each Lender and Agent on demand for any of their future respective costs and expenses incurred in connection with the enforcement
or preservation of any rights under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any other documents prepared in connection herewith
or therewith, including the fees and disbursements of counsel to each Lender and of counsel to Agent. 

71 

9.6
Indemnification; Waiver. 

(a) BORROWER
SHALL INDEMNIFY, AGENT (AND ANY SUB-AGENT THEREOF), EACH LENDER AND EACH MEMBER, PARTNER, OFFICER, DIRECTOR, EMPLOYEE, ADVISOR, REPRESENTATIVE,
AGENT, ATTORNEY-IN-FACT AND AFFILIATE OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING PERSONS (EACH SUCH PERSON BEING CALLED AN INDEMNITEE AGAINST, AND HOLD EACH INDEMNITEE HARMLESS FROM, ANY AND ALL LOSSES, CLAIMS, DAMAGES, LIABILITIES AND RELATED EXPENSES (INCLUDING THE
FEES, CHARGES AND DISBURSEMENTS OF ANY COUNSEL FOR ANY INDEMNITEE), INCURRED BY ANY INDEMNITEE OR ASSERTED AGAINST ANY INDEMNITEE BY
ANY THIRD PARTY OR BY BORROWER OR ANY SUBSIDIARY OF BORROWER ARISING OUT OF, IN CONNECTION WITH, OR AS A RESULT OF (I) THE EXECUTION
OR DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR ANY AGREEMENT OR INSTRUMENT CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, THE PERFORMANCE
BY THE PARTIES HERETO OF THEIR RESPECTIVE OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER, THE CONSUMMATION OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY
OR THEREBY, OR, IN THE CASE OF AGENT (AND ANY SUB-AGENT, MEMBER, PARTNER, OFFICER, DIRECTOR, EMPLOYEE, ADVISOR, REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT,
ATTORNEY-IN-FACT AND AFFILIATE THEREOF), THE ADMINISTRATION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS, (II) ANY AND ALL RECORDING
AND FILING FEES AND ANY AND ALL LIABILITIES WITH RESPECT TO, OR RESULTING FROM ANY DELAY IN PAYING, STAMP, EXCISE AND OTHER TAXES, IF
ANY, WHICH MAY BE PAYABLE OR DETERMINED TO BE PAYABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THE EXECUTION AND DELIVERY OF, OR CONSUMMATION OR ADMINISTRATION
OF ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY, OR ANY AMENDMENT, SUPPLEMENT OR MODIFICATION OF, OR ANY WAIVER OR CONSENT UNDER OR IN RESPECT
OF, THIS AGREEMENT, THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY AGREEMENT OR INSTRUMENT CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, (III) ANY ACTUAL OR ALLEGED
PRESENCE OR RELEASE OF HAZARDOUS MATERIALS ON OR FROM ANY PROPERTY CURRENTLY OR FORMERLY OWNED OR OPERATED BY BORROWER OR ANY OF ITS
SUBSIDIARIES, OR ANY ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITY FOR THE ACCOUNT OF BORROWER OR ANY OF ITS SUBSIDIARIES, (IV) THE USE BY UNAUTHORIZED PERSONS
OF INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIALS SENT THROUGH ELECTRONIC, TELECOMMUNICATIONS OR OTHER INFORMATION TRANSMISSION SYSTEMS THAT ARE INTERCEPTED
BY SUCH PERSONS OR (V) ANY ACTUAL OR PROSPECTIVE CLAIM, LITIGATION, INVESTIGATION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING, WHETHER
BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY, WHETHER BROUGHT BY A THIRD PARTY OR BY BORROWER OR ANY GUARANTOR, AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER
ANY INDEMNITEE IS A PARTY THERETO, IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY
OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF THE INDEMNITEE; (ALL THE FOREGOING IN THIS CLAUSE (a), COLLECTIVELY, THE INDEMNIFIED LIABILITIES );
 PROVIDED THAT BORROWER SHALL HAVE NO OBLIGATION HEREUNDER TO ANY INDEMNITEE WITH RESPECT TO INDEMNIFIED LIABILITIES TO THE EXTENT
SUCH INDEMNIFIED LIABILITIES ARE FOUND BY A FINAL AND NONAPPEALABLE DECISION OF A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION TO HAVE RESULTED FROM
THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OF SUCH INDEMNITEE. NO INDEMNITEE SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE USE BY
UNAUTHORIZED PERSONS OF INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIALS SENT THROUGH ELECTRONIC, TELECOMMUNICATIONS OR OTHER INFORMATION TRANSMISSION
SYSTEMS THAT ARE INTERCEPTED BY SUCH PERSONS. NO PARTY HERETO SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES
IN CONNECTION WITH THE LOAN. 

72 

(b) WITHOUT
LIMITING THE FOREGOING, AND TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, BORROWER AGREES NOT TO ASSERT AND TO CAUSE ITS SUBSIDIARIES NOT
TO ASSERT, AND HEREBY WAIVES AND AGREES TO CAUSE ITS SUBSIDIARIES SO TO WAIVE (I) ANY CLAIM AGAINST ANY INDEMNITEE, ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (AS OPPOSED TO DIRECT OR ACTUAL DAMAGES) ARISING OUT OF, IN CONNECTION
WITH, OR AS A RESULT OF, THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR ANY AGREEMENT OR INSTRUMENT CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY, ANY ADVANCE OR LETTER OF CREDIT OR THE USE OF THE PROCEEDS THEREOF AND (II) ANY OTHER RIGHTS OF RECOVERY
WITH RESPECT TO ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS, PENALTIES, FINES, LIABILITIES, SETTLEMENTS, DAMAGES, COSTS AND EXPENSES OF WHATEVER KIND OR NATURE,
UNDER OR RELATED TO ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS, THAT ANY OF THEM MIGHT HAVE BY STATUTE OR OTHERWISE AGAINST ANY INDEMNITEE. 

(c) ALL
AMOUNTS DUE UNDER THIS SECTION 9.6 SHALL BE PAYABLE NOT LATER THAN TEN DAYS AFTER WRITTEN DEMAND THEREFOR (ACCOMPANIED BY REASONABLE
BACK-UP DOCUMENTATION RELATING THERETO). STATEMENTS REFLECTING AMOUNTS PAYABLE BY BORROWER PURSUANT TO THIS SECTION 9.6 SHALL
BE SUBMITTED TO BORROWER AT THE ADDRESS OF BORROWER SET FORTH IN SECTION 9.2 , OR TO SUCH OTHER PERSON OR ADDRESS AS MAY BE HEREAFTER
DESIGNATED BY BORROWER IN A NOTICE TO AGENT. THE AGREEMENTS IN THIS SECTION 9.6 SHALL SURVIVE REPAYMENT OF THE LOAN AND ALL OTHER
AMOUNTS PAYABLE HEREUNDER. 

9.7
Successors and Assigns; Participations and Assignments. 

(a) This
Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Borrower, the Lenders, Agent, all future holders of the Loan and their respective
successors and assigns, except that Borrower may not assign or transfer any of its respective rights or obligations under this Agreement
without the prior written consent of Agent and each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by Borrower without such consent
shall be null and void). 

(b) Any Lender may, without the consent of Borrower or any other Person, in accordance with applicable law, at any time sell to one or more banks, financial institutions or other entities (each, a Participant participating interests in any portion of the Loan owing to such Lender, any Commitment of such Lender or any other interest of such Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. In the event of any such sale by a Lender of a participating interest to a Participant, such Lender s obligations under this Agreement to the other parties to this Agreement shall remain unchanged, such Lender shall remain solely responsible for the performance thereof, such Lender shall remain the holder of such portion of the Loan for all purposes under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and Borrower and Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. In no event shall any Participant under any such participation have any right to approve any amendment or waiver of any provision of any Loan Document, or any consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, except to the extent that such amendment, waiver or consent would require the consent of all Lenders pursuant to Section 9.1 . Borrower agrees that if amounts outstanding under this Agreement and the Loan are due or unpaid, or shall have been declared or shall have become due and payable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, each Participant shall, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, be deemed to have the right of setoff in respect of its participating interest in amounts owing under this Agreement to the same extent as if the amount of its participating interest were owing directly to it as a Lender under this Agreement, provided that, in purchasing such participating interest, such Participant shall be deemed to have agreed to share with the Lenders the proceeds thereof as provided in Section 9.8(a) as fully as if such Participant were a Lender hereunder. Borrower also agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.12 with respect to its participation in the Commitments and the Loan outstanding from time to time as if such Participant were a Lender; provided that, in the case of Section 2.12 , such Participant shall have complied with the requirements of Section 2.12 , and; provided , further , that no Participant shall be entitled to receive any greater amount pursuant to any such Section than the transferor Lender would have been entitled to receive in respect of the amount of the participation transferred by such transferor Lender to such Participant had no such transfer occurred. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Commitments or the Loan or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant Register ). Each Lender shall disclose the Participant Register to the Loan Parties to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan or other obligation is in registered form under Treasury regulation Section 5f.103-1(c). The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. 

73 

(c) Any
Lender (an Assignor may, without the consent of any Loan Party, in accordance with applicable law and upon
written notice to Agent, at any time and from time to time assign to any Lender or any affiliate or Related Fund thereof or, with the
consent of Borrower and Agent (which, in each case, shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) provided that
the consent of Borrower need not be obtained at any time when any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing), to an additional
bank, financial institution or other entity (an Assignee all or any part of its rights and obligations under
this Agreement pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance, substantially in the form of Exhibit H (an Assignment and
Acceptance ), executed by such Assignee and such Assignor (and, where the consent of Borrower or Agent is required pursuant
to the foregoing provisions, by Borrower and Agent, as applicable) and delivered to Agent for its acceptance and recording in the Register;
 provided that no such assignment to an Assignee shall be in an aggregate principal amount of less than 1,000,000 (other than
in the case of an assignment of all of a Lender s interests under this Agreement), unless otherwise agreed by Borrower and Agent,
and provided , further , that the Assignor or Assignee has paid to Agent a processing and recordation fee in the amount of
 3,500.00 (which fee may be waived or reduced in the sole discretion of Agent), provided , however , that only one such fee
shall be payable in the case of concurrent assignments to Persons that, after giving effect to such assignments, will be Related Funds.
Upon such execution, delivery, acceptance and recording, from and after the effective date determined pursuant to such Assignment and
Acceptance, (x) the Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, have the
rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder with Commitments or the Loan as set forth therein, and (y) the Assignor thereunder shall,
to the extent provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of
an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of an Assignor s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Assignor shall cease
to be a party hereto, except as to Sections 2.11 and 9.5 in respect of the period prior to such effective date). For purposes
of the minimum assignment amounts set forth in this Section 9.7(c) , multiple assignments by two or more Related Funds shall be
aggregated. 

(d) Agent
shall, on behalf of Borrower, maintain at its address referred to in Section 9.2 a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance delivered
to it and a register (the Register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders and the
Commitment of, and principal amount (and stated interest) of the Loan owing to, each Lender from time to time. The entries in the Register
shall be conclusive, in the absence of manifest error, and Borrower, Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded
in the Register as the owner of its portion of the Loan and any Note evidencing such portion of the Loan recorded therein for all purposes
of this Agreement. Any assignment of the Loan, whether or not evidenced by a Note, shall be effective only upon appropriate entries with
respect thereto being made in the Register (and each Note shall expressly so provide). Any assignment or transfer of all or part of a
Loan evidenced by a Note shall be registered on the Register only upon surrender for registration of assignment or transfer of the Note
evidencing such portion of the Loan, accompanied by a duly executed Assignment and Acceptance; thereupon one or more new Notes in the
same aggregate principal amount shall be issued to the designated Assignee, and the old Notes shall be returned by Agent to Borrower
marked canceled . The Register shall be available for inspection by Borrower or any Lender (with respect to any entry relating
to such Lender s Loan) at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 

74 

(e) Upon
its receipt of an Assignment and Acceptance executed by an Assignor and an Assignee (and, in any case where the consent of any other
Person is required by Section 9.7(c) , by each such other Person), Agent shall (i) promptly accept such Assignment and Acceptance
and (ii) on the effective date determined pursuant thereto record the information contained therein in the Register and give notice of
such acceptance and recordation to Borrower. On or prior to such effective date, Borrower, at its own expense, upon request, shall execute
and deliver to Agent (in exchange for the applicable Note, if any, of the assigning Lender) a new Note or Notes to the order of such
Assignee in an amount equal to the Commitment or Loan assumed or acquired by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance and, if the
Assignor has retained a Commitment or Loan, as the case may be, upon request, a new Note or Notes to the order of the Assignor in an
amount equal to the Commitment or Loan, as the case may be, retained by it hereunder. Such new Note or Notes shall be dated the Closing
Date and shall otherwise be in the form of the Note or Notes replaced thereby. 

(f) For
avoidance of doubt, the parties to this Agreement acknowledge that the provisions of this Section 9.7 concerning assignments of
Loan and Notes relate only to absolute assignments and that such provisions do not prohibit assignments creating security interests in
the Loan and Notes, including any pledge or assignment by a Lender of its portion of the Loan or Note to any Federal Reserve Bank in
accordance with applicable law. 

(g) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, any Lender (a Granting Lender may grant to a special purpose
funding vehicle (an SPV ), identified as such in writing from time to time by the Granting Lender to Agent
and Borrower, the option to provide to Borrower all or any part of the Loan that such Granting Lender would otherwise be obligated to
make to Borrower pursuant to this Agreement; provided that (i) nothing herein shall constitute a commitment by any SPV to make
the Loan and (ii) if an SPV elects not to exercise such option or otherwise fails to provide all or any part of the Loan, the Granting
Lender shall be obligated to make such Loan pursuant to the terms hereof. The making of the Loan by an SPV hereunder shall utilize the
Commitment of the Granting Lender to the same extent, and as if, such Loan were made by such Granting Lender. Each party hereto hereby
agrees that no SPV shall be liable for any indemnity or similar payment obligation under this Agreement (all liability for which shall
remain with the Granting Lender). In furtherance of the foregoing, each party hereto hereby agrees (which agreement shall survive the
termination of this Agreement) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding commercial
paper or other indebtedness of any SPV, it will not institute against, or join any other person in instituting against, such SPV any
bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings under the laws of the United States or any state thereof.
In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 9.7(g) , any SPV may (x) with notice to, but without the
prior written consent of, Borrower and Agent and without paying any processing fee therefor, assign all or a portion of its interests
in the Loan to the Granting Lender, or with the prior written consent of Borrower and Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed) to any financial institutions providing liquidity or credit support to or for the account of such SPV
to support the funding or maintenance of the Loan, and (y) disclose on a confidential basis any non-public information relating to its
portion of the Loan to any rating agency, commercial paper dealer or provider of any surety, guarantee or credit or liquidity enhancement
to such SPV; provided that non-public information with respect to Borrower may be disclosed only with Borrower s consent
which will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. This Section 9.7(g) may not be amended without the written consent
of any SPV with the Loan outstanding at the time of such proposed amendment. 

75 

9.8
Adjustments; Set off. 

(a) If
any Lender (a Benefitted Lender shall at any time receive any payment of all or part of the Obligations
owing to it, or receive any collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by set off, pursuant to events or proceedings
of the nature referred to in clause (f) of Section 7.1 , or otherwise), in a greater proportion than any such payment to or collateral
received by any other Lender, if any, in respect of such other Lender s Obligations, such Benefitted Lender shall purchase for
cash from the other Lenders a participating interest in such portion of each such other Lender s Obligations, or shall provide
such other Lenders with the benefits of any such collateral, as shall be necessary to cause such Benefitted Lender to share the excess
payment or benefits of such collateral ratably with each of the Lenders; provided , however , that (i) if all or any portion
of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such Benefitted Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase
price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not
be construed to apply to any payment made by a Loan Party pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any
payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its portion of the Loan or Commitment
to any assignee or participant. 

(b) In
addition to any rights and remedies of the Agent, the Lenders (or any affiliates thereof) or any Mercuria Party provided by law, if an
Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, Agent, each Lender and any Mercuria Party shall have the right, without prior
notice to Borrower, any such notice being expressly waived by Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law, upon any amount becoming
due and payable by Borrower hereunder (whether at the stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), to set off and appropriate and
apply against such amount (i) any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) and (ii) against the amount
owing by the Borrower or any other Loan Party pursuant to the Marketing Agreement (including, without limitation, the Invoice Deduction),
in each case, in any currency, and any other credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case whether direct or indirect,
absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time, if applicable, held or owing by Agent, such Lender or such Mercuria Party
(or any branch or agency of any of the foregoing) to or for the credit or the account of Borrower. The Agent, such Lender or such Mercuria
Party, as applicable, agrees to notify promptly Borrower and Agent after any such setoff and application made by Agent, such Lender or
such Mercuria Party, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 

9.9 Counterparts .
This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement on any number of separate counterparts, and all of said
counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. Delivery of an executed signature page of this
Agreement by facsimile transmission or in portable document format (.pdf) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart
hereof. A set of the copies of this Agreement signed by all the parties shall be lodged with Borrower and Agent. 

9.10 Severability .
Any provision of this Agreement that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition
or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

9.11
Integration; Construction. 

(a) This
Agreement and the other Loan Documents represent the entire agreement of Borrower, Agent and the Lenders with respect to the subject
matter hereof and thereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by Agent or any Lender relative to
the subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Loan Documents. 

(b) Each
covenant contained herein shall be construed (absent express provision to the contrary) as being independent of each other covenant contained
herein, so that compliance with any one covenant shall not (absent such an express contrary provision) be deemed to excuse compliance
with any other covenant. Where any provision herein refers to action to be taken by any Person, or which such Person is prohibited from
taking, such provision shall be applicable whether such action is taken directly or indirectly by such Person. 

76 

9.12 GOVERNING
LAW . THIS AGREEMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED
IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK PURSUANT TO SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW WITHOUT REGARD
TO CONFLICTS OF LAW RULES THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF ANY LAW OTHER THAN THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (OTHER THAN ANY
MANDATORY PROVISIONS OF THE UCC RELATING TO THE LAW GOVERNING PERFECTION AND THE EFFECT OF PERFECTION OR PRIORITY OF THE SECURITY INTERESTS). 

9.13
Submission To Jurisdiction; Waivers. 

(a) The Borrower hereby irrevocably and unconditionally: 

(i) submits
for itself and its Property in any legal action or proceeding relating to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is
a party, or for recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect thereof, to the exclusive general jurisdiction of the courts of
the State of New York located in the County of New York, the courts of the United States of America for the Southern District of New
York, and appellate courts from any thereof pursuant to Section 5- 1402 of the New York General Obligations Law; 

(ii) consents
that any such action or proceeding may be brought in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue
of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees
not to plead or claim the same; 

(iii) agrees
that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or
any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to Borrower at its address set forth in Section 9.2 or at such other
address of which Agent shall have been notified pursuant thereto; and 

(iv) agrees
that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner permitted by law or shall limit the right
to sue in any other jurisdiction. 

(b) EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT SUCH PERSON MAY HAVE TO CLAIM OR RECOVER IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THE LOAN DOCUMENTS ANY SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. 

9.14 Acknowledgments . The Borrower hereby acknowledges that: 

(a) it
has been advised by counsel in the negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; 

(b) neither Agent nor any Lender has any fiduciary relationship with or duty to Borrower arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, and the relationship between Agent and the Lenders, on one hand, and Borrower, on the other hand, in connection herewith or therewith is solely that of debtor and creditor; and 

77 

(c) no
joint venture is created hereby or by the other Loan Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated hereby
among Agent and the Lenders or among Borrower and the Lenders. 

9.15 Confidentiality .
Agent and each Lender agrees to keep confidential all non-public information provided to it by any Loan Party pursuant to this Agreement;
 provided that nothing herein shall prevent Agent or any Lender from disclosing any such information (a) to its and its Affiliates 
directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature
of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to any Participant or Assignee (each, a Transferee or prospective Transferee that agrees to comply with the provisions of this Section 9.15 or substantially equivalent provisions,
(c) to any other party to this Agreement, (d) to any financial institution that is a direct or indirect contractual counterparty in swap
agreements or such contractual counterparty s professional advisor (so long as such contractual counterparty or professional advisor
to such contractual counterparty agrees to be bound by the provisions of this Section), (e) upon the request or demand of any Governmental
Authority having jurisdiction over it, (f) in response to any order of any court or other Governmental Authority or as may otherwise
be required pursuant to any Requirement of Law, (g) if requested or required to do so in connection with any litigation or similar proceeding,
(h) that has been publicly disclosed other than in breach of this Section 9.15 , (i) to the National Association of Insurance Commissioners
or any similar organization or any nationally recognized rating agency that requires access to information about a Lender s investment
portfolio in connection with ratings issued with respect to such Lender or (j) in connection with the exercise of any remedy hereunder
or under any other Loan Document. 

9.16
Release of Collateral and Guarantee Obligations. 

(a) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, upon request of Borrower in connection with any Disposition
of Property permitted by the Loan Documents (other than to a Loan Party), Agent shall (without notice to, or vote or consent of, any
Lender) take such actions as shall be required to release its security interest in any Collateral that is, or owned by any Person all
the Capital Stock of which is, being Disposed of in such Disposition, and to release any Guarantee Obligations under any Loan Document
of any Person being Disposed of in such Disposition, to the extent necessary to permit consummation of such Disposition in accordance
with the Loan Documents; provided that Borrower shall have delivered to Agent, at least ten Business Days prior to the date of
the proposed release (or such shorter period agreed to by Agent), a written request for release identifying the relevant Collateral being
Disposed of in such Disposition and the terms of such Disposition in reasonable detail, including the date thereof, the price thereof
and any expenses in connection therewith, together with a certification by Borrower stating that such transaction is in compliance with
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and that the proceeds of such Disposition will be applied in accordance with this Agreement
and the other Loan Documents. 

(b) Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein or any other Loan Document, following Payment in Full, upon request of Borrower, Agent shall
(without notice to, or vote or consent of, any Lender) take such actions as shall be required to release its security interest in all
Collateral, and to release all Guarantee Obligations provided for in any Loan Document. Any such release of Guarantee Obligations shall
be deemed subject to the provision that such Guarantee Obligations shall be reinstated if after such release any portion of any payment
in respect of the Obligations guaranteed thereby shall be rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy,
dissolution, liquidation or reorganization of Borrower or any Guarantor, or upon or as a result of the appointment of a receiver, intervenor
or conservator of, or trustee or similar officer for, Borrower or any Guarantor or any substantial part of its Property, or otherwise,
all as though such payment had not been made. 

78 

9.17
Interest Rate Limitation. 

(a) It
is the intention of the parties hereto that each Lender shall conform strictly to usury laws applicable to it. Accordingly, if the transactions
contemplated hereby would be usurious as to any Lender under laws applicable to it (including the laws of the United States of America
and the laws of any State whose laws may be mandatorily applicable to such Lender notwithstanding the other provisions of this Agreement),
then, in that event, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any of the Loan Documents or any agreement entered into in connection
with or as security for the Loan, it is agreed as follows: (i) the aggregate of all consideration which constitutes interest under law
applicable to any Lender that is contracted for, taken, reserved, charged or received by such Lender under any of the Loan Documents
or agreements or otherwise in connection with the Loan shall under no circumstances exceed the maximum amount allowed by such applicable
law, and any excess shall be canceled automatically and if theretofore paid shall be credited by such Lender on the principal amount
of the Indebtedness (or, to the extent that the principal amount of the Indebtedness shall have been or would thereby be paid in full,
refunded by such Lender to Borrower); and (ii) in the event that the maturity of the Loan is accelerated by reason of an election of
the holder thereof resulting from any Event of Default under this Agreement or otherwise, or in the event of any required or permitted
prepayment, then such consideration that constitutes interest under law applicable to any Lender may never include more than the maximum
amount allowed by such applicable law, and excess interest, if any, provided for in this Agreement or otherwise shall be canceled automatically
by such Lender as of the date of such acceleration or prepayment and, if theretofore paid, shall be credited by such Lender on the principal
amount of the Indebtedness (or, to the extent that the principal amount of the Indebtedness shall have been or would thereby be paid
in full, refunded by such Lender to Borrower). All sums paid or agreed to be paid to any Lender for the use, forbearance or detention
of sums due hereunder shall, to the extent permitted by law applicable to such Lender, be amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout
the stated term of the Loan until payment in full so that the rate or amount of interest on account of the Loan hereunder does not exceed
the maximum amount allowed by such applicable law. 

(b) If at any time and from time to time (i) the amount of interest payable to any Lender on any date shall be computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Lender pursuant to this Section 9.17 and (ii) in respect of any subsequent interest computation period the amount of interest otherwise payable to such Lender would be less than the amount of interest payable to such Lender computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Lender, then the amount of interest payable to such Lender in respect of such subsequent interest computation period shall continue to be computed at the Highest Lawful Rate applicable to such Lender until the total amount of interest payable to such Lender shall equal the total amount of interest which would have been payable to such Lender if the total amount of interest had been computed without giving effect to this Section 9.17 . 

9.18 Accounting
Changes . In the event that any Accounting Change (as defined below) shall occur and such change results in a change
in the method of calculation of financial covenants, standards or terms in this Agreement, then Borrower and Agent agree to enter into
negotiations in order to amend such provisions of this Agreement so as to equitably reflect such Accounting Change with the desired result
that the criteria for evaluating the consolidated financial condition of Borrower shall be the same after such Accounting Change as if
such Accounting Change had not been made. Until such time as such an amendment shall have been executed and delivered by Borrower, Agent
and the Required Lenders, all financial covenants, standards and terms in this Agreement shall continue to be calculated or construed
as if such Accounting Change had not occurred. Accounting Change refers to any change in accounting principles
required by the promulgation of any rule, regulation, pronouncement or opinion by the Financial Accounting Standards Board of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants or, if applicable, the SEC. 

79 

9.19 WAIVERS
OF JURY TRIAL. BORROWER, AGENT AND THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVE TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN (IN EACH CASE, WHETHER FOR CLAIMS SOUNDING IN
CONTRACT OR IN TORT OR OTHERWISE). EACH PARTY HEREBY CERTIFIES THAT NO PARTY HERETO NOR ANY REPRESENTATIVE OR AGENT OF COUNSEL FOR ANY
PARTY HERETO HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, OR IMPLIED THAT SUCH PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE
THE FOREGOING WAIVERS, AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT, THE LOAN DOCUMENTS AND THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVER AND CERTIFICATION CONTAINED IN THIS SECTION 9.19 . 

9.20 Customer
Identification USA PATRIOT Act Notice . Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any other party) and each Lender hereby notifies
the Loan Parties that, pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, Title III of Pub. L. 107-56, signed into law October 26,
2001 (the Patriot Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Loan
Parties, which information includes the name and address of the Loan Parties and other information that will allow Agent or such Lender,
as applicable, to identify the Loan Parties in accordance with the Patriot Act. 

9.21 Creditor-Debtor
Relationship . The relationship between Agent and each Lender on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other hand, in connection
with the Loan Documents is solely that of creditor and debtor. No Secured Party has any fiduciary relationship or duty to any Loan Party
arising out of or in connection with, and there is no agency, tenancy or joint venture relationship between the Secured Parties and the
Loan Parties by virtue of, any Loan Document or any transaction contemplated herein or therein. 

9.22
Reserved. 

9.23
Erroneous Payments. 

(a) If
the Agent (x) notifies a Lender or Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Party (any such
Lender, Secured Party or other recipient (and each of their respective successors and assigns), a Payment Recipient that the Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause
(b)) that any funds (as set forth in such notice from the Agent) received by such Payment Recipient from the Agent or any of its Affiliates
were erroneously or mistakenly transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or
not known to such Lender, Secured Party or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether transmitted or received as
a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous
Payment and (y) demands in writing the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment
shall at all times remain the property of the Agent pending its return or repayment as contemplated below in this Section 9.24 
and held in trust for the benefit of the Agent, and such Lender or Secured Party shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who
received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days
thereafter (or such later date as the Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Agent the amount of any such
Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together
with interest thereon (except to the extent waived in writing by the Agent) in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous
Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Agent in same day funds
at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation
from time to time in effect. A notice of the Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest
error. 

80 

(b) Without
limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender, Secured Party or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured
Party (and each of their respective successors and assigns), agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received
as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Agent (or any of its Affiliates)
(x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in this Agreement or in a notice of payment, prepayment
or repayment sent by the Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded
or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender
or Secured Party, or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or
in part), then in each such case: 

(i) it
acknowledges and agrees that (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error and mistake shall be presumed to have
been made (absent written confirmation from the Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error and mistake has been made (in the case of immediately
preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and 

(ii) such
Lender or Secured Party shall (and shall use commercially reasonable efforts cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective
behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of the occurrence of any of the circumstances described
in immediately preceding clauses (x), (y) and (z)) notify the Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details
thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Agent pursuant to this Section 9.24(b) . 

For
the avoidance of doubt, the failure to deliver a notice to the Agent pursuant to this Section 9.24(b) shall not have any effect
on a Payment Recipient s obligations pursuant to Section 9.24(a) or on whether or not an Erroneous Payment has been made. 

(c) Each
Lender or Secured Party hereby authorizes the Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or
Secured Party under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Agent to such Lender or Secured Party under any Loan
Document with respect to any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts, against any amount that the Agent has demanded to
be returned under immediately preceding clause (a). 

81 

(d) (i)
In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Agent for any reason, after demand therefor in accordance
with immediately preceding clause (a) , from any Lender that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and/or from
any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an
 Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), upon the Agent s notice to such Lender at any time, then effective
immediately (with the consideration therefor being acknowledged by the parties hereto), (A) such Lender shall be deemed to have assigned
its portion of the Loan (but not its Commitments with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous
Payment Impacted Class in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Agent
may specify) (such assignment of such portion of the Loan (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous
Payment Deficiency Assignment (on a cashless basis and such amount calculated at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest
(with the assignment fee to be waived by the Agent in such instance)), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and
deliver an Assignment and Acceptance (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Acceptance by reference
pursuant to an Approved Electronic Platform as to which the Agent and such parties are participants) with respect to such Erroneous Payment
Deficiency Assignment, and such Lender shall deliver any Notes evidencing the Loan to the Borrower or the Agent (but the failure of such
Person to deliver any such Notes shall not affect the effectiveness of the foregoing assignment), (B) the Agent as the assignee Lender
shall be deemed to have acquired the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (C) upon such deemed acquisition, the Agent as the assignee
Lender shall become a Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning
Lender shall cease to be a Lender, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding,
for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which
shall survive as to such assigning Lender, (D) the Agent and the Borrower shall each be deemed to have waived any consents required under
this Agreement to any such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and (E) the Agent will reflect in the Register its ownership interest
in the Loan subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment
will reduce the Commitments of any Lender and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 

(ii)
Subject to Section 9.7 (but excluding, in all events, any assignment consent or approval requirements (whether from the Borrower
or otherwise)), the Agent may, in its discretion, sell the portion of the Loan acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment
and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender shall be reduced
by the net proceeds of the sale of such portion of the Loan (or portion thereof), and the Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies
and claims against such Lender (and/or against any recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). In addition, an Erroneous
Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender (x) shall be reduced by the proceeds of prepayments or repayments of principal
and interest, or other distribution in respect of principal and interest, received by the Agent on or with respect to any such portion
of the Loan acquired from such Lender pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment (to the extent that any such portion of
the Loan are then owned by the Agent) and (y) may, in the sole discretion of the Agent, be reduced by any amount specified by the Agent
in writing to the applicable Lender from time to time. 

(e) The
parties hereto agree that (x) irrespective of whether the Agent may be equitably subrogated, in the event that an Erroneous Payment (or
portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason,
the Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights and interests of such Payment Recipient (and, in the case of any Payment Recipient who
has received funds on behalf of a Lender or Secured Party, to the rights and interests of such Lender or Secured Party, as the case may
be) under the Loan Documents with respect to such amount (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights (provided that the
Loan Parties Obligations under the Loan Documents in respect of the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights shall not be duplicative
of such Obligations in respect of any portion of the Loan that have been assigned to the Agent under an Erroneous Payment Deficiency
Assignment) and (y) an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligation owed by the Borrower
or any other Loan Party; provided that this Section 9.24 shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for),
or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the Obligations of the Borrower relative to the amount (and/or timing
for payment) of the Obligations that would have been payable had such Erroneous Payment not been made by the Agent; provided, further,
that for the avoidance of doubt, immediately preceding clauses (x) and (y) shall not apply to the extent any such Erroneous Payment is,
and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Agent from the Borrower for
the purpose of making such Erroneous Payment. 

(f) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including, without limitation, any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 

(g) Each
party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 9.24 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the
Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment,
satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. 

[ Signature
Pages to Follow ] 

82 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their proper and duly authorized
officers, signatories or managers as of the day and year first above written. 

AMERICAN
 BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, 

as
 Borrower 

Ryan
 Melsert 

Ryan
 Melsert (May 12, 2023 11:00 PDT) 

Name: 
 Ryan
 Melsert 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

Signature
Page to Credit Agreement 

MERCURIA
 INVESTMENTS US, INC., 

as
 Agent 

By: 
 /s/
 Brian A. Falik 

Name: 
 Brian
 A. Falik 

Title: 
 President 

[Signature
Page to Credit Agreement] 

MERCURIA
 GREEN HOLDCO 1, LLC, 

as a Lender 

By: 
 /s/
 Brian A. Falik 

Name:
 
 Brian
 A. Falik 

Title: 
 President 

[Signature
Page to Credit Agreement] 

SCHEDULE
1.1(a) 

EQUIPMENT 

See
attached. 

Schedule 1.1(a) 

Vendor 
 
 Scope 
 
 Location 
 
 Status 
 
 Alan
 Ross 
 
 48
 Inch Magnapower 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 Commodity
 Traders International 
 
 Forsberg
 40V 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 Franklin
 Miller 
 
 Control
 Panel 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 M
 Davis Group 
 
 Flow
 Meter 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 MW
 Watermark 
 
 Filter
 Press 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 New
 Mill Capital 
 
 Various 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 New
 Mill Capital 
 
 Tanks 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 Opto22 
 
 PLC
 Hardware 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 Opto22 
 
 PLCs 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 Perry
 Videx 
 
 Granulator 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 PPML 
 
 Tanks 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 Proxio
 Group 
 
 Tanks 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 Proxio
 Group 
 
 Various 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 Proxio
 Group 
 
 Various 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 Salina
 Vortex 
 
 3-Way
 Diverter 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 Silver
 State Forklift 
 
 Forklifts 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 Smith
 Food Machinery 
 
 Forsberg
 40V 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 Spaleck 
 
 Flip
 Flow Screen 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 SWECO 
 
 48
 Inch Vibe Sep 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 Thwing-Albert 
 
 Disk
 Refiner 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 Tiger
 Capital 
 
 Various 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 Untha 
 
 Granulaor 
 
 Peru 
 
 Delivered 
 
 AMS 
 
 DC
 Control Panels 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 Brycon 
 
 Granulator
 Tank 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 Bunting 
 
 GFC
 Module Feed Conveyor 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 Bunting 
 
 HISC
 24 Inch VFD Mag Belt Separator 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 Bunting 
 
 Hockeystick
 SS Conveyor 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 Erie 
 
 Baggers 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 ErtelAlsop 
 
 Filter
 Press 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 Evoqua 
 
 Wastewater
 Treatment 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 Granzow 
 
 Slurry
 Pumps 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 HIPCO 
 
 Water
 Transfer Pumps 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 JPR 
 
 Instrumenation
 Controls 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 JPR 
 
 Control
 Valves 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 KWS 
 
 Screw
 Conveyor 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 Mettler
 Toledo 
 
 Turbidity
 Meter 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 MSM 
 
 Granulator
 Tank 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 OCD
 Automation 
 
 Instrumentation
 Controls 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 OCD
 Automation 
 
 Water
 Treatment I C 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 Opto22 
 
 RO
 Skid PLC 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 PRSI 
 
 Float
 Sink 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 Pumping
 Solutions 
 
 Water
 Transfer Dosing Pumps 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 Rotary
 Airlock 
 
 Rotary
 Valve 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Fabrication 
 
 Corporate
 Auction Group 
 
 Conveyors 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Transit 
 
 Machinery
 Equipment 
 
 Vacuum
 Conveyor 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Transit 
 
 Opto22 
 
 Control
 Panel Spares 
 
 Vendor 
 
 In
 Transit 
 
 Feldmeier 
 
 12K
 Tank #1 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 
 
 Feldmeier 
 
 12K
 Tank #2 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

PLC
 Panales and VFD Panels 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

MCC
 ElecPerual Panel Sets 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Motor
 Control Center Baghouse 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Motor
 Control Center Refining 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Motor
 Control Center Battery Breaking w/Desulfuriation 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Catwalk
 Operations Booth (railings + Utlity Routing/Hangers) 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 
 
 Ingresoll
 Rand 
 
 Compressor
 #1 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 
 
 Ingresoll
 Rand 
 
 Compressor
 #2 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Air
 Dryer 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Air
 Filter 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Receiver
 Tank 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 
 
 Ingersoll
 Rand 
 
 Air
 Compressor 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 
 
 Nirvana
 Cycling 
 
 Refrigerated
 Dryer 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

10
 Ton Brige Crane w Hoist 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Misc.
 ElecPerual SwitchBoards, Pannelboards and grouding equipm 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Msc.
 Transofmers as installed througt the facility 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 
 
 Wastequip 
 
 Vertical
 Baler #1 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Schedule 1.1(a) 

Vendor 
 
 Scope 
 
 Location 
 
 Status 

Wastequip 
 
 Vertical
 Baler #2 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Networking
 Distribution Cabinet and Hardware 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

All
 installed racking, with all pallets of material (e.g. maintenance 

consumables),
 excluding fire extinguishers 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

4k
 gal steel tank with mixer #1 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

4k
 gal steel tank with mixer #2 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

~3.8k
 gal steel tank with mixer #1 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

~3.8k
 gal steel tank with mixer #2 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

~1K
 gal steel tank with mixer #1 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

~1K
 gal steel tank with mixer #2 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

~5K
 gal poly tank #1 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

~5K
 gal poly tank #2 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Dosing
 System with tank and dosing pump on rack 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 
 
 Lamella 
 
 Clarifier 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Filter
 Press with control panel and mezzanine, including plates and 

control
 panel fully outfitted with PLC, HMI, and elecPerual guear 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Centrifugal
 pump 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Pneumatic
 Pump #1 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Pneumatic
 Pump #2 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Pneumatic
 Pump #3 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Pneumatic
 Pump #4 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Mixed
 Media Filter 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 
 
 Veolia 
 
 Evaled
 Evaporators with associated equupment on skid 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 
 
 Waukesha
 Cherry Burrell 
 
 Tank 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 
 
 Bradford
 White 
 
 ElecPeru
 water recovery heaters 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Dust
 collector Unit #1 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Dust
 collector Unit #2 
 
 Central
 Baghose system with associated equipment, steel 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

structure,
 canopy, filter box, fan, ducting, and stack 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

10K
 gal fiberglass reinforce tank #1 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

10K
 gal fiberglass reinforce tank #2 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

NV
 Energy 2500 KVA Transformer 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 
 
 Eaton 
 
 Switch
 Gear 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Screw
 Conveyor 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Air
 handling Unit #1 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Air
 Handling Unit #2 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 
 
 Dunham-Bush 
 
 DX
 air-cooled chiller #1 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 
 
 Dunham-Bush 
 
 DX
 air-cooled chiller #2 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 
 
 Carrier 
 
 Air
 Cooled Water Chiller #1 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 
 
 Carrier 
 
 Air
 Cooled Water Chiller #2 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 
 
 Taylor 
 
 TD600
 Diesel Generator #1 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

In-ground
 Truck Weight Scale System 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 
 
 Eaton 
 
 4000A/500A
 Medium Voltage Switchgear #1 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 
 
 Eaton 
 
 4000A/500A
 Medium Voltage Switchgear #2 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

All
 office furniture 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

All
 TVs and Intalled Office and Conference Tool Materials 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

All
 existing locker room outfitting 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

Hot
 water distribution serving locker rooms 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

All
 flooring 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

All
 doors, frames, hardware, lighting 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

All
 lab benches 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

All
 badging equipment and badges, keys 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

All
 office and labs HVAC systems and equpment 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

All
 nitrogen and gas pipping to lab space 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

All
 electronic and internet equipment within control room space 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

All
 fire suppression, fire alarm, and life safety equipment including s 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

All
 doors, frames, hardware including manual and electronic roll up 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

All
 smoke exhaust fans and louvers 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 

All
 facility lighting, security cameras, and alarms 
 
 Peru 
 
 Installed 
 
 Element
 Six 
 
 Diamox 
 
 Peru/Vendor 
 
 Partially
 Delivered 
 
 Water
 Surplus 
 
 Wastewater
 Treatment 
 
 Peru/Vendor 
 
 Partially
 Delivered 

Schedule 1.1(a) 

SCHEDULE
1.1(b) 

COMMITMENTS 

Name
 of Lender 
 Initial Term Loan 
 Commitments 
 Delayed Draw 
 Term Loan 
 Commitments 
 
 Mercuria Green
 HoldCo 1, LLC 
 6,000,000 
 14,000,000 
 
 Total 
 6,000,000 
 14,000,000 

Schedule 1.1(b) 

SCHEDULE
1.1(c) 

MORTGAGED
PROPERTIES 

Mortgaged
Property 

390 Logan Lane,
 Fernley, NV 89408 

395 Logan Lane, Fernley,
 NV 89408 

695 East Sydney Drive, McCarran,
 NV 89434 

Schedule 1.1(c) 

Schedule 1.1(d) 

SCHEDULE
3.17 

CAPITAL
STOCK OWNERSHIP 

LithiumOre
Corp. 

Jurisdiction
of Incorporation: Nevada 

Shareholder 
 
 Number
 of Shares 
 
 Percentage 
 
 American
 Battery Technology Company 
 
 75,000,000
 Issued 
 
 100 

Schedule 3.17 

SCHEDULE
3.21(a) 

SECURITY
AGREEMENT UCC FILING JURISDICTIONS 

Loan
 Party 
 
 Filing
 Office 
 
 American
 Battery Technology Company 
 
 Nevada 
 
 LithiumOre
 Corp. 
 
 Nevada 

Schedule 3.21(a) 

SCHEDULE
3.21(b) 

MORTGAGE
FILING JURISDICTIONS 

Mortgaged
 Property 
 
 Filing
 Office 

390
 Logan Lane, Fernley, NV 89408 
 
 Lyon
 County, Nevada 

395
 Logan Lane, Fernley, NV 89408 
 
 Lyon
 County, Nevada 

695
 East Sydney Drive, McCarran, NV 89434 
 
 Washoe
 County, Nevada 

Schedule 3.21(b) 

SCHEDULE
3.24 

BANK
ACCOUNTS 

Loan
 Party 
 
 Bank
 Account 
 
 Account
 Number 
 
 Account
 Type 
 
 ABTC 
 
 JP
 Morgan Chase 
 
 XXXXX7221 
 
 Operating
 Account (Checking) 

ABTC 
 
 JP
 Morgan Chase 
 
 XXXXX2200 
 
 ZBA
 / AP 

ABTC 
 
 JP
 Morgan Chase 
 
 XXXXX2119 
 
 ZBA
 / Payroll 

ABTC 
 
 Wells
 Fargo 
 
 XXXXXX7390 
 
 Operating
 Account 

ABTC 
 
 Wells
 Fargo 
 
 XXXXXX7416 
 
 ZBA 

Schedule 3.24 

SCHEDULE
3.25 

MATERIAL
CONTRACTS 

(i) Restrictive
 Covenants 

1. Special
 Terms and Conditions, dated August 1, 2022, by and between American Battery Technology Company
 and the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy in connection with that certain
 Department of Energy Prime Agreement (defined below). The foregoing contract in connection
 with the U.S. Department of Energy impose certain restrictions limiting the employment of
 foreign individuals and certain exports of technology in connection with the project described
 in the Department of Energy Prime Agreement. 

(ii) Agreements
 for Borrowing of Money. 

1. Premium
 Finance Agreement, dated April 19, 2023, by and between American Battery Technology Company
 and USI Insurance Services LLC (the USI Insurance Services Premium Finance Agreement ). 

(iii) Employment,
 Consulting and Services Agreements in Excess of 150,000 Annually. 

1. Amendment
 # 2 to Engagement Letter, dated April 21, 2023, amending that certain Engagement Letter dated
 May 18, 2022, by and between American Battery Technology Company and Michael Best Strategies. 
 
 2. Letter
 Re: Engagement of Marcum LLP, dated June 8, 2021, by and between American Battery Technology
 Company and Marcum LLP. 
 
 3. Offer
 Letter, dated July 25, 2022, by and between American Battery Technology Company and Bret
 Meich. 
 
 4. Offer
 Letter, dated August 11, 2022, by and between American Battery Technology Company and Elizabeth
 DeMonte. 
 
 5. Offer
 Letter, dated November 20, 2022, by and between American Battery Technology Company and Kevin
 Gagnon. 
 
 6. Offer
 Letter, dated July 31, 2022, by and between American Battery Technology Company and Ryan
 Melsert. 
 
 7. Offer
 Letter, dated January 3, 2023, by and between American Battery Technology Company and Andr s
 Meza. 
 
 8. Offer
 Letter, dated February 18, 2022, by and between American Battery Technology Company and York
 Smith. 
 
 9. Offer
 Letter, dated April 19, 2022, by and between American Battery Technology Company and Kimberly
 Eckert. 
 
 10. Offer
 Letter, dated June 17, 2022, by and between American Battery Technology Company and Mitchell
 Dreier. 
 
 11. Offer
 Letter, dated November 21, 2022, by and between American Battery Technology Company and Brian
 Olson. 
 
 12. Offer
 Letter, dated July 28, 2022, by and between American Battery Technology Company and Kallie
 Winners. 
 
 13. The
 USI Insurance Services Premium Finance Agreement. 

Schedule 3.25 

14. Assistance
 Agreement, dated October 1, 2021, by and between American Battery Technology Company and
 the Office Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy (the Department of Energy Prime
 Agreement ). 

a. FDP
 Cost Reimbursement Subaward, dated August 1, 2022, by and between American Battery Technology
 Company, the Nevada System of Higher Education, the Federal Demonstration Partnership and
 the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy in connection with the Department of
 Energy Prime Agreement. 
 
 b. Second
 Intellectual Property Management Plan: Step 0, dated September 23, 2022, by and between American
 Battery Technology Company, the Nevada System of Higher Education, DDP Specialty Electronic
 Materials US, LLC, and DuPont Safety Construction, Inc. in connection with that certain
 Department of Energy Prime Agreement. 
 
 c. Amended
 and Restated Intellectual Property Management Plan: Step 1-9, dated September 23, 2022, by
 and between American Battery Technology Company, the Nevada System of Higher Education, DDP
 Specialty Electronic Materials US, LLC, and DuPont Safety Construction, Inc. in connection
 with that certain Department of Energy Prime Agreement 
 
 d. Special
 Terms and Conditions, dated August 1, 2022, by and between American Battery Technology Company
 and the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy in connection with that certain
 Department of Energy Prime Agreement 
 
 e. Amended
 and Restated Joint Development Agreement, dated January 19, 2022, by and between American
 Battery Technology Company, DuPont Safety Construction, Inc and DDP Specialty Electronic
 Materials US, LLC. In connection with that certain Department of Energy Prime Agreement. 

15. Schematic
 Design Services Agreement, dated October 16, 2020, by and between American Battery Technology
 Company and Miles Construction. 
 
 16. Standard
 Form of Agreement Between Owner and Design-Builder, dated March 9, 2021, by and between American
 Battery Technology Company and Miles Construction. 
 
 17. Purchase
 Order No. RF-EV-0210712-001R1, dated March 4, 2023, by and between American Battery Technology
 Company and Evoqua Water Technologies LLC. 
 
 18. Purchase
 Order No. RF-EA-0210806-001R1, dated February 17, 2023, by and between American Battery Technology
 Company and ErtelAlsop. 
 
 19. Design
 Build Amendment, amending that certain Standard Form of Agreement Between Owner and Design-Builder
 dated October 31, 2022, by and between American Battery Technology Company and Mils Construction,
 Inc. 
 
 20. Purchase
 Order 118, dated February 9, 2023, by and between American Battery Technology Company and
 Element Six Technologies. 
 
 21. Purchase
 Order 171, dated April 6, 2023, by and between American Battery Technology Company and Clean
 Harbors Environmental Services, Inc. 
 
 22. Purchase
 Order 37, dated August 22, 2022, by and between American Battery Technology Company and Polymer
 Recovery Systems, Inc. 
 
 23. Purchase
 Order No. C4V-0211126-001, dated November 26, 2023, by and between American Battery Technology
 Company and Charge CCV, LLC. 
 
 24. Design
 Build Amendment, amending that certain Standard Form of Agreement Between Owner and Design
 Builder, dated September 24, 2021, by and between American Battery Technology Company and
 Miles Construction, Inc. 

Schedule 3.25 

25. Purchase
 Order Change No. 117, dated March 9, 2023, by and between American Battery Technology Company
 and Bunting Magnetics Co. 
 
 26. Purchase
 Order No. 192, dated May 4, 2023, by and between American Battery Technology Company and
 Applied Motion Systems, Inc. 
 
 27. Request
 for Change order No. RCO 1, dated August 10, 2022, by and between American Battery Technology
 Company and Miles Construction, Inc. 
 
 28. Purchase
 Order Change No. 129, dated March 6, 2023, by and between American Battery Technology Company
 and MEI Rigging Crating, LLC. 
 
 29. Purchase
 Order No. 142, dated March 9, 2023, by and between American battery Technology Company and
 Summit Envirosolutions, Inc. 
 
 30. Purchase
 Order No. 140, dated March 6, 2023, by and between American Battery Technology Company and
 Western Biological LLC. 
 
 31. Purchase
 Order No. 139, dated March 2, 2023, by and between American Battery Technology Company and
 Surplus Management, Inc. 

(iv) Leases
 of Property. 

1. Pre-Closing
 Lease, dated April 21, 2023, by and between American Battery Technology Company and Linico
 Corporation, in connection with the property located at 2500 Peru Dr., McCarran, Nevada. 
 
 2. Facilities
 and Equipment Use Agreement, dated March 10, 2023, by and between American Battery Technology
 Company and the Board of Regents of the Nevada System of Higher Education on behalf of the
 University of Nevada, Reno, Nevada Center for Applied Research NCAR ),
 in connection with Rooms 315 and 310 as part of the Entrepreneurial Laboratory System in
 the Applied Research Facility. 
 
 3. Facilities
 and Equipment Use Agreement, dated March 10, 2023, by and between American Battery Technology
 Company and NCAR, in connection with Rooms 309, 312, and 314 as part of the Entrepreneurial
 Laboratory System in the Applied Research Facility, and Rooms 103 and 329 as part of the
 Biosciences Entrepreneurial Laboratory in the Applied Research Facility. 
 
 4. Facilities
 and Equipment Use Agreement, dated March 10, 2023, by and between American Battery Technology
 Company and NCAR in connection with Room 317 as part of the Entrepreneurial Laboratory System
 in the Applied Research Facility. 
 
 5. Commercial
 Lease and Deposit Receipt, dated November 3, 2021, by and between American Battery Technology
 Company and Cypress Investments Oregon, LLC, in connection with the property located at 100
 Washington Street, Suite 100, Reno, Nevada. 
 
 6. Commercial
 Lease Agreement, dated January 1, 2023, by and between American Battery Technology Company
 and Barbara Anne Craig, in connection with the property located at 1552 Ketten Road, Tonopah,
 Nevada. 

(v) Purchase
 or Sale of Business, Assets or Securities in Excess of 150,000. 

1. Asset
 Purchase Agreement, dated March 1, 2023, by and between American Battery Technology Company
 and Linico Corporation. 
 
 2. Second
 Amended and Restated Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated April 21, 2023, by and
 between American Battery Technology Company and Linico Corporation. 
 
 3. Purchase
 and Sale Agreement, dated April 27, 2023, by and between American Battery Technology Company
 and IG Lithium LLC. 

Schedule 3.25 

(vi) Agreements
 for the Sale or Provision of Feedstock 

None. 

(vii) Stand-by
 Letters of Credit, Guarantees, or Performance Bonds 

None. 

(viii) Agreements
 Outside the Ordinary Course of Business 

None. 

(ix) Material
 Agreements Adversely Affected by the Transaction. 

None. 

Specified
Material Contracts 

(a) Initial
 Supply Contracts. 

None. 

(b) Agreements
 for the Purchase or Sale of Black Mass in Excess of 1 Million Annually. 

1. Black
 Mass Offtake Agreement, dated February 14, 2022, by and between American Battery Technology
 Company and Dainen Material Co., Ltd. (the Dainen Material Co. Black Mass Offtake
 Agreement ). 
 
 2. Black
 Mass Offtake Agreement, dated September 8, 2022, by and between American Battery Technology
 Company and Westwin Elements, Inc. (the Westin Elements Black Mass Offtake Agreement ). 

(c) Offtake
 Agreements in Excess of 1 Million Annually. 

1. The
 Dainen Material Co. Black Mass Offtake Agreement. 
 
 2. The
 Westin Elements Black Mass Offtake Agreement. 

Term
Sheets, Letters of Agreement, Commitments, or Similar Agreements 

None. 

Schedule 3.25 

SCHEDULE
3.26 

BURDENSOME
RESTRICTIONS 

None. 

Schedule 3.26 

SCHEDULE
6.2 

PERMITTED
INDEBTEDNESS 

1. The
 USI Insurance Services Premium Finance Agreement as of the date hereof. 

Schedule 6.2 

FORM
OF BORROWING NOTICE 

Dated:
[_____] [ ], 20__ 

Mercuria
Investments US, Inc. 

 20
Greenway Plaza, Suite 650 

 Houston,
TX 77046 

 Attention:
Legal Department 

 Email:
asalese@mercuria.com 

Reference
is hereby made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2023 (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise
modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among AMERICAN BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, a Nevada
corporation Borrower ), the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time
parties to this Agreement (the Lenders and MERCURIA INVESTMENTS US, INC., as administrative agent and collateral
agent (in such capacities, collectively, Agent ). Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit
Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

The
undersigned Borrower hereby requests: 

A
Borrowing of new Loan to be made on the terms set forth below: 

(A) Date
 of Borrowing (which is a Business Day) 

(B) Principal
 amount 

(F) Location
 and number of account to which proceeds of Borrowing is to be disbursed: 
 
 [The
 locations and numbers of the deposit account to which the proceeds of the proposed Loan are to be disbursed will be identified to
 the Agent in a separate funds flow prior to the proposed funding date and the Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes and directs
 the Agent to disburse the proceeds of the Loan as set forth in such funds flow.] 

The
above request complies with the notice requirements set forth in the Credit Agreement. [ signature page to follow ] 

[ signature
page to follow ] 

A- 1 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, this Borrowing Notice is executed and effective as of the date first written above. 

AMERICAN
 BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY 

By: 
 Name: 
 
 Title: 

Signature
Page to Exhibit A to the Credit Agreement 

FORM
OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

Dated
as of [_____] [ ], 20__ 

For
the fiscal [month] 1 [quarter][year] [________], 20__ (the Statement Date 

This
Compliance Certificate (this Compliance Certificate is delivered pursuant to Section 5.3(a) of that
certain Credit Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2023 (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time
to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among AMERICAN BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, a Nevada corporation Borrower ),
the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties to this Agreement (the Lenders and MERCURIA INVESTMENTS US, INC., as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacities, collectively, Agent ).
Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit
Agreement. 

The
undersigned hereby certifies to the Agent and the Lenders as follows: 

1.
I am the duly elected, qualified and acting Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 

2.
I have reviewed and am familiar with the contents of this Compliance Certificate. I am providing this Compliance Certificate solely in
my capacity as Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 

3.
I have reviewed the terms of the Credit Agreement and each of the other Loan Documents and have made, or caused to be made under my supervision,
a review in reasonable detail of the transactions and condition of the Loan Parties during the accounting period covered by the Financial
Statements (as defined below). 

4.
[Attached hereto as Attachment 1 are the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower, as at the end of such fiscal year ended on
the Statement Date, and the related audited consolidated statements of income and of cash flows for such year, setting forth in each
case (to the extent available) in comparative form the figures as of the end of and for the previous year, together with a narrative
discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations of Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal year as
compared to the previous year (to the extent available), and reported on without a going concern or like qualification
or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope of the audit by the Independent Accountants.] 

[Attached
hereto as Attachment 1 are (i) the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower, as at the end of the fiscal quarter ended on the
Statement Date, and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income and of cash flows for such quarter and the portion of the
fiscal year through the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures as of the end of and for the
corresponding period in the previous year (to the extent available) certified by a Responsible Officer as being fairly stated in all
material respects (subject to absence of footnotes and normal year-end audit adjustments) and (ii) a narrative discussion and analysis
of the financial condition and results of operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal quarter and for the period
from the beginning of the then current fiscal year to the end of such fiscal quarter, as compared to the portion of the Projections covering
such periods and (to the extent applicable) to the comparable periods of the previous year.] 

1
 To only include financial covenant calculation certifications with respect to each month (other than months at the end of any quarter
or fiscal year). 

B- 1 

5.
To my knowledge, each of the Loan Parties, during the period covered by the financial statements attached hereto as Attachment 1 
(the Financial Statements ), has observed or performed in all material respects all of its covenants
and other agreements, and satisfied every condition, contained in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a
party to be observed, performed or satisfied by it[, except as set forth below]. 

6.
I have obtained no knowledge, as of the date of this Compliance Certificate, of any Default or Event of Default in existence on the date
hereof[, except as follows: [ provide description of Default or Event of Default ]. 

7.
Attached hereto as Attachment 2 are the calculations of the financial covenants set forth in Sections 6.1(i) and (ii) of the Credit
Agreement as of the last day of the fiscal [month] [quarter] most recently ended. The amount of Unrestricted Cash held by the Loan Parties
as of the last day of the fiscal [month] [quarter] most recently ended is [ ], which is not less than 1,500,000. 

8.
To the extent not previously disclosed to the Agent, since [the Closing Date] [the date of the most recent list delivered pursuant to
Section 5.3]: 

(a)
No Loan Party has acquired any Real Property[, except as set forth below]; and 

(b)
No Loan Party has acquired any Intellectual Property acquired by an Loan Party (limited to any individual purchased or otherwise acquired
for consideration in excess of 100,000 and consisting of U.S. registered patents, trademarks and copyrights). 

9.
[Attached hereto as Attachment 3 are all Uniform Commercial Code financing statements or other filings required to be delivered
herewith. The Agent is hereby authorized to file all such financing statements and filings.] 

[ signature
page to follow ] 

B- 2 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Compliance Certificate as of the date first set forth above. 

AMERICAN
 BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY 

Name:
 
 [Name] 

Title: 
 [Title] 

SIGNATURE
PAGE TO EXHIBIT B OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Attachment
1 

 to
Compliance Certificate 

Financial
Statements 

[attached] 

ATTACHMENT
1 TO EXHIBIT B TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Attachment
2 

 to
Compliance Certificate 

The
information described herein is as of ________________, 20__, and pertains to the period from ___________, 20__ to ______________, 20__. 

Debt
Service Coverage Ratio 

(a) Projected Cash Flow Available
 for Debt Service 2 : 

= (i) minus ((ii) plus
 (iii)) 

(i)
 Available Cash for such period 

(ii)
 Capital Expenditures of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries 

(iii)
 Operating Expense of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries 

(b)
 Projected Debt Service 34 

Debt
 Service Coverage Ratio = (a) to (b) = 
 
 Minimum
 Debt Service Coverage Ratio = 1.00:1.00 
 
 COMPLIANCE? YES 
 NO 

Total
Net Debt to Capitalization Ratio 

(a)
 Consolidated Total Debt as of such date 

(b)
 Unrestricted Cash as of such date 

(c)
 Sum of (i) Consolidated Total Debt plus (ii) Stockholders Equity5 as of such date 

Total
 Net Debt to Capitalization Ratio = ((a) minus (b)) to (c) = 

Maximum
 Total Net Debt to Capitalization Ratio= 
 100 

COMPLIANCE? 
 YES NO 

2
 Based on the most recently delivered Projections and determined on a combined basis for the 3 month period immediately following
such date of determination 

 3
 Debt Service means all scheduled amortization payments of the outstanding principal amount of the Loan and schedule interest and
fees payable (or required to be paid) under the Loan Documents during such period (other than closing fees and expenses incurred in connection
with the Loan Documents) 

 4
 Determined on a combined basis for the 3 month period immediately following such date of determination 

 5
 (a) the book value of stockholders equity of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries determined in accordance with GAAP and (b)
either (i) plus the amount by which such stockholders equity shall have been reduced by reason of any non-cash loss or (ii) minus
the amount by which such stockholders equity shall have been increased by reason of any non-cash gain, in either case from changes
in mark-to-market value of hedges, net of tax, resulting from the requirements of ASC Topic 815. 

ATTACHMENT
2 TO EXHIBIT B TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Attachment
3 

 to
Compliance Certificate 

Financing
Statements and Filings 

[See
Attached] 

ATTACHMENT
3 TO EXHIBIT B TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 

EXHIBIT
C 

[RESERVED] 

EXHIBIT
C TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 

GUARANTEE
AND SECURITY AGREEMENT 

[attached] 

EXHIBIT
D TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 

MORTGAGE 

[attached] 

EXHIBIT
E TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 

FORM
OF SOLVENCY CERTIFICATE 

May
______, 2023 

This
SOLVENCY CERTIFICATE (this Certificate is delivered by the undersigned solely in his capacity as Chief Financial
Officer of AMERICAN BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, a Nevada corporation Borrower ), in connection with and pursuant
to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2023 (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among Borrower, the several banks and other financial
institutions or entities from time to time parties to this Agreement (the Lenders and MERCURIA INVESTMENTS
US, INC., as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacities, collectively, Agent ). Unless
otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

I
am the duly qualified and acting Chief Financial Officer of Borrower, I have participated actively in the management of the financial
affairs of Borrower and am familiar with its financial statements. I am familiar with the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement
and am duly authorized to execute this Certificate. 

Based
on the foregoing, I have reached the conclusion that from and after giving effect to all transactions contemplated by the Credit Agreement,
including, but not limited to, (i) the loan made on the Closing Date pursuant to the Credit Agreement (the Loan ),
(ii) the application of the proceeds of the Loan in accordance with Section 5.13 of the Credit Agreement, and (iii) the payment
of all estimated legal, accounting and other fees related thereto, each Loan Party, on a consolidated basis, is Solvent. 

[ signature
page to follow ] 

F- 1 

In
my capacity as Chief Financial Officer of the Borrower, I represent the foregoing information to be, to the best of my knowledge and
belief, true and correct and execute this Certificate on behalf of each Loan Party as of the date first written above. 

AMERICAN BATTERY
 TECHNOLOGY COMPANY 

[Name] 

Chief Financial Officer 

Signature
Page to Exhibit F to the Credit Agreement 

FORM
OF NOTE 

AMERICAN
BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY 

THIS
NOTE AND THE OBLIGATIONS REPRESENTED HEREBY MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE TERMS AND PROVISIONS OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT
REFERRED TO BELOW. 

_______________ 
 New York, New York 

__________, _____ 

(Issuance Date) 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned, American Battery Technology Company, a Nevada corporation Borrower ), hereby
unconditionally promises to pay to the order of _________, a (the Lender ), or its registered assigns
at the Payment Office specified in the Credit Agreement (as hereinafter defined) in Dollars and in immediately available funds, the principal
amount of (a) __________ DOLLARS __________), or (b) if less, the unpaid principal amount of the Loan made by the Lender pursuant
to Section 2.1 of the Credit Agreement. The principal amount shall be paid in the amounts, in the manner and on the dates specified
in Article II of the Credit Agreement. Borrower further agrees to pay interest in like money at such office on the unpaid principal amount
hereof from time to time outstanding at the rates, in the manner and on the dates specified in Section 2.10 of the Credit Agreement. 

The
holder of this Note is authorized to indorse, on Schedule A annexed hereto and made a part hereof, or on a continuation thereof
which shall be attached hereto and made a part hereof, the date and amount of the Loan and the date and amount of each payment or prepayment
of principal with respect thereto or amount of earned, accrued and unpaid interest outstanding under this Note. Each such indorsement
shall constitute prima facie evidence of the accuracy of the information indorsed. The failure to make any such indorsement
or any error in any such indorsement shall not affect the obligations of Borrower in respect of the Loan. 

This
Note (a) is one of the Notes referred to in that certain Credit Agreement dated as of May 17, 2023 (as the same may be amended, restated,
supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among Borrower,
the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time party thereto and Mercuria Investments US, Inc., as
administrative agent, (b) is subject to the provisions of the Credit Agreement and (c) is subject to optional and mandatory prepayment
in whole or in part as provided in the Credit Agreement. This Note is secured and guaranteed as provided in the Loan Documents. Reference
is hereby made to the Loan Documents for a description of the properties and assets in which a security interest has been granted, the
nature and extent of the security and the guarantees, the terms and conditions upon which the security interests and each guarantee were
granted and the rights of the holder of this Note in respect thereof. 

Upon
the occurrence of any Event of Default, the unpaid principal balance of this Note and all accrued, earned and unpaid interest thereon
shall become, or may be declared to be, immediately due and payable, all as provided in the Credit Agreement. 

All
parties now and hereafter liable with respect to this Note, whether as maker, principal, surety, guarantor, endorser or otherwise, hereby
waive presentment for payment, demand, protest and all other notices of any kind. 

Unless
otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

NOTWITHSTANDING
ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN OR IN THE CREDIT AGREEMENT, THIS NOTE MAY NOT BE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AND IN ACCORDANCE
WITH THE REGISTRATION AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF SECTION 9.7 OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT. 

THIS
NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK PURSUANT TO SECTION 5-1401
OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW RULES THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF ANY LAW OTHER
THAN THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK (OTHER THAN ANY MANDATORY PROVISIONS OF THE UCC RELATING TO THE LAW GOVERNING PERFECTION AND THE
EFFECT OF PERFECTION OR PRIORITY OF THE SECURITY INTERESTS). EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE GENERAL JURISDICTION OF
THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK, THE COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT
OF NEW YORK, AND APPELLATE COURTS FROM ANY THEREOF PURSUANT TO SECTION 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW. 

There
are no unwritten or oral agreements between Borrower and the Lenders. 

[ signature
page to follow ] 

G- 1 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , this Note is executed and effective as of the date first written above. 

AMERICAN
 BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY 

By: 
 Name: 
 
 Title: 

SIGNATURE
PAGE TO EXHIBIT G TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Schedule
A 

 to
Note 

THE
LOAN AND REPAYMENTS OF THE LOAN 

Date 
 
 Amount
 of the 
 Loan 
 
 Amount
 of 
 Principal
 of the 
 Loan
 Repaid 
 
 Unpaid
 Principal 
 Balance
 of the 
 Loan 
 
 Notation
 Made By 

SCHEDULE
A TO EXHIBIT G TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 

FORM
OF ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE 

This
ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE, dated as of [_____] [ ], 20 (this Assignment and Acceptance ), is between
______________, a ______________ (the Assignor ), and ______________, a ______________ (the Assignee ). 

Reference
is made to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2023 (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among AMERICAN BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, a Nevada corporation Borrower ), the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties to this
Agreement (the Lenders and MERCURIA INVESTMENTS US, INC., as administrative agent and collateral agent (in
such capacities, collectively, Agent ). Unless otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement
and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

The
Assignor and Assignee hereby agree as follows: 

1.
Subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the Assignor hereby sells and assigns
to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby purchases and assumes from the Assignor, [all of] [an interest in] the Assignor s right,
title and interest in, and obligations with respect to, the Loan and the Loan Documents equal to the Loan Percentage specified in Section
1 to Schedule I hereto (the Assigned Interest ). The Commitments and principal amount of the Loan assigned
to the Assignee are set forth in Section 1 to Schedule I and Commitments and principal amount of the Loan retained by the
Assignor after giving effect to such sale and assignment are set forth in Section 2 of such Schedule I . 

2.
The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest
is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim, and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action
necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Acceptance and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; (b) makes no
representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in
connection with the Credit Agreement or with respect to the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or
value of the Credit Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant thereto; (c) makes no representation
or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of the Loan Parties or any other obligor or the performance
or observance by the Loan Parties or any other obligor of any of their respective obligations under the Credit Agreement or any other
Loan Document or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto; and (d) attaches any Note held by it evidencing
the Assigned Interest and requests that the Agent, upon request by the Assignee, request Borrower to cancel the attached Note (if any)
and issue in exchange therefor (i) a new Note payable to the Assignee and (ii) if the Assignor has retained any interest in the Loan
held, and other rights and obligations under the Credit Agreement, a new Note payable to the Assignor, in each case in amounts which
reflect the assignment being made hereby (and after giving effect to any other assignments which have become effective on the Effective
Date, as defined below). 

H- 1 

3.
The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that it is legally authorized to enter into this Assignment and Acceptance; (b) confirms that
it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.1 thereof
and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this
Assignment and Acceptance; (c) agrees that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Assignor, the Agent or any other Lender
and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking
or not taking action under the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto
or thereto; (d) appoints and authorizes the Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers and discretion
under the Credit Agreement, the other Loan Documents or any other instrument or document furnished pursuant hereto or thereto as are
delegated to the Agent by the terms thereof, together with such powers as are incidental thereto; and (e) agrees that it will be bound
by the provisions of the Credit Agreement and will perform in accordance with its terms all the obligations which by the terms of the
Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender including, if it is organized under the laws of a jurisdiction outside
the United States, its obligation pursuant to Section 2.11(d) of the Credit Agreement. 

4.
The effective date of this Assignment and Acceptance shall be the effective date of assignment described in Section 3 to Schedule
I hereto (the Effective Date ). Following the execution of this Assignment and Acceptance, it will
be delivered to the Agent and, if applicable, Borrower for acceptance by it or them, as the case may be, and recording by the Agent pursuant
to the Credit Agreement, effective as of the Effective Date (which shall not, unless otherwise agreed to by the Agent, be earlier than
five Business Days after the date of such acceptance and recording by the Agent). 

5.
Upon such acceptance and recording, from and after the Effective Date Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest
(including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) [to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued prior to the Effective
Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued subsequent to the Effective Date] [to the Assignee whether such amounts have
accrued prior to the Effective Date or accrue subsequent to the Effective Date. The Assignor and the Assignee shall make all appropriate
adjustments in payments by the Agent for periods prior to the Effective Date or with respect to the making of this assignment directly
between themselves]. 

6.
From and after the Effective Date, (a) the Assignee shall be a party to the Credit Agreement and, to the extent provided in this Assignment
and Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender thereunder and under the other Loan Documents and shall be bound by the provisions
thereof and (b) the Assignor shall, to the extent provided in this Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights and be released from
its obligations under the Credit Agreement. 

7.
This Assignment and Acceptance shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 

8.
This Assignment and Acceptance may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each
of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement.
Delivery of an executed counterpart of this Assignment and Acceptance in portable document format (.pdf) shall be effective as delivery
of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment and Acceptance. 

[ signature
page to follow ] 

H- 2 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Assignment and Acceptance to be executed by their respective duly authorized officers
as of the date first above written. 

ASSIGNOR: 
 
 ASSIGNEE: 

By: 

By: 

Name: 

Name: 

Title: 

Title: 

Address
 of Assignee: 

[________] 

[________] 

[________] 

Accepted: 

MERCURIA
 INVESTMENTS US, INC., as Agent 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[If
 applicable: 

AMERICAN
 BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 
 ] 6 

6
 Consent of Borrower required, except for any assignment of Loan (i) to any Lender or any affiliate or Related Fund thereof, or
(ii) at any time when any Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 

SIGNATURE
PAGE TO EXHIBIT H TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Schedule
I 

 to
Assignment and Acceptance 

Section
1. 

Loan
 Percentage assigned to Assignee: 

Commitments
 assigned to Assignee: 7 

Aggregate
 Outstanding Principal Amount of the Loan Assigned to Assignee: 

Section
2. 

Loan
 Percentage retained by Assignor: 

Commitments
 retained by Assignor: 

Aggregate
 Outstanding Principal Amount of the Loan retained by Assignor: 

Section
3. 

Effective
 Date: 
 _______,
 _____ 

7
 No assignment to an Assignee shall be in an aggregate principal amount of less than 1,000,000 (other than in the case of an assignment
of all of a Lender s interests under the Credit Agreement), unless otherwise agreed by Borrower and the Agent. 

SCHEDULE
I TO EXHIBIT H TO THE CREDIT AGREEMENT 

FORM
OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For
Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference
is hereby made to the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2023 (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among AMERICAN BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, a Nevada corporation Borrower ), the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties to this
Agreement (the Lenders and MERCURIA INVESTMENTS US, INC., as administrative agent and collateral agent (in
such capacities, collectively, Agent ). 

Pursuant
to the provisions of Section 2.12(e)(ii)(c) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record
and beneficial owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate,
(ii) it is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower
within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as
described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The
undersigned has furnished the Agent and the Borrower with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN. By executing
this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly
so inform the Borrower and the Agent, and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Agent with a properly
completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or
in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

Unless
otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME
OF LENDER] 

By: 
 
 Name: 

Title: 

Date:
___________ __, 20[ ] 

I- 1 

FORM
OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For
Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference
is hereby made to the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2023 (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among AMERICAN BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, a Nevada corporation Borrower ), the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties to this
Agreement (the Lenders and MERCURIA INVESTMENTS US, INC., as administrative agent and collateral agent (in
such capacities, collectively, Agent ). 

Pursuant
to the provisions of Section 2.12(e)(ii)(d) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record
and beneficial owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) it is not a bank within the meaning
of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iii) it is not a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B)
of the Code, and (iv) it is not a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the
Code. 

The
undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with a certificate of its non-U.S. Person status on IRS Form W-8BEN. By executing
this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly
so inform such Lender in writing and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and
currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the
two calendar years preceding such payments. 

Unless
otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME
OF PARTICIPANT] 

By: 
 
 Name: 

Title: 

Date:
___________ __, 20[ ] 

I- 2 

FORM
OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For
Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference
is hereby made to the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2023 (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among AMERICAN BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, a Nevada corporation Borrower ), the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties to this
Agreement (the Lenders and MERCURIA INVESTMENTS US, INC., as administrative agent and collateral agent (in
such capacities, collectively, Agent ). 

Pursuant
to the provisions of Section 2.12(e)(ii)(d) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record
owner of the participation in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its direct or indirect partners/members are the
sole beneficial owners of such participation, (iii) with respect such participation, neither the undersigned nor any of its direct or
indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course of its trade or
business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members is a ten percent
shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect partners/members
is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The
undersigned has furnished its participating Lender with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its partners/members
that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by an IRS Form W-8BEN
from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption. By executing this
certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned shall promptly
so inform such Lender and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished such Lender with a properly completed and currently effective
certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years
preceding such payments. 

Unless
otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME
OF PARTICIPANT] 

By: 
 
 Name: 

Title: 

Date:
___________ __, 20[ ] 

I- 3 

FORM
OF U.S. TAX COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE 

(For
Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) 

Reference
is hereby made to the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2023 (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified
from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among AMERICAN BATTERY TECHNOLOGY COMPANY, a Nevada corporation Borrower ), the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties to this
Agreement (the Lenders and MERCURIA INVESTMENTS US, INC., as administrative agent and collateral agent (in
such capacities, collectively, Agent ). 

Pursuant
to the provisions of Section 2.12(e)(ii)(d) of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby certifies that (i) it is the sole record
owner of the Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)) in respect of which it is providing this certificate, (ii) its
direct or indirect partners/members are the sole beneficial owners of such Loan(s) (as well as any Note(s) evidencing such Loan(s)),
(iii) with respect to the extension of credit pursuant to this Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document, neither the undersigned nor
any of its direct or indirect partners/members is a bank extending credit pursuant to a loan agreement entered into in the ordinary course
of its trade or business within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (iv) none of its direct or indirect partners/members
is a ten percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the Code and (v) none of its direct or indirect
partners/members is a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code. 

The
undersigned has furnished the Agent and the Borrower with IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by one of the following forms from each of its
partners/members that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption: (i) an IRS Form W-8BEN or (ii) an IRS Form W-8IMY accompanied by
an IRS Form W-8BEN from each of such partner s/member s beneficial owners that is claiming the portfolio interest exemption.
By executing this certificate, the undersigned agrees that (1) if the information provided on this certificate changes, the undersigned
shall promptly so inform the Borrower and the Agent and (2) the undersigned shall have at all times furnished the Borrower and the Agent
with a properly completed and currently effective certificate in either the calendar year in which each payment is to be made to the
undersigned, or in either of the two calendar years preceding such payments. 

Unless
otherwise defined herein, terms defined in the Credit Agreement and used herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement. 

[NAME
OF LENDER] 

By: 
 
 Name: 

Title: 

Date:
___________ __, 20[ ] 

I- 4 

</EX-10.10>

<EX-10.11>
 7
 ex10-11.htm

Exhibit 10.11 

</EX-10.11>

<EX-10.13>
 8
 ex10-13.htm

Exhibit 10.13 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 9
 ex10-14.htm

Exhibit 10.14 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-21.1>
 10
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of American Battery Technology Company: 

Name
 of Subsidiary 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Subsidiary 

LithiumOre Corp. 
 
 Nevada 
 
 Aqua Metals Transfer LLC 
 
 Nevada 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 11
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm s Consent 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement of American Battery Technology Company on Form S-3 (File Nos.
333-274524, 333-271954 and 333-252492) and Form S-8 (File No. 333-257800) of our report dated September 27, 2023, with respect to our
audits of the consolidated financial statements of American Battery Technology Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, and for the years
then ended, which report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of American Battery Technology Company for the year ended June
30, 2023. 

/s/
Marcum llp 

Marcum
 llp 

 Costa
Mesa, CA 

 September
27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 12
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT 31.1 

The certification required by Rule 13a-14a (17 CFR
240.13a-14(a)) or Rule 15d-14(a) (17CFR 240. 15d-14(a)) 

I, Ryan Melsert, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K of American Battery Technology Company (the Registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act 13a-15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financing
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end to the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in
the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 September 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Ryan Melsert 

Ryan
 Melsert 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 13
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT 31.2 

The certification required by Rule 13a-14a (17 CFR
240.13a-14(a)) or Rule 15d-14(a) (17CFR 240. 15d-14(a)) 

I, Jesse Deutsch, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Form 10-K of American Battery Technology Company (the Registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act 13a-15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the Registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and
procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financing
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end to the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in
the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: September 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jesse Deutsch 

Jesse Deutsch 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 14
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report (the Report on the Form 10-K of American Battery Technology Company (the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Ryan Melsert, Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in this Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: September 27,
 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ryan Melsert 

Ryan Melsert 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 15
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATE PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report (the Report on the Form 10-K of American Battery Technology Company (the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2023, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Jesse Deutsch, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge and belief: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in this Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: September 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jesse Deutsch 

Jesse Deutsch 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 297
 abml-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 299
 abml-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 300
 abml-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 301
 abml-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

