<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230714_10-K_edgar_data_1858007_0001213900-23-057123.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4513517</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>202151</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>962277</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1115055</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1060865</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1066408</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-057123.hdr.sgml : 20230714
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230714164001
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-057123
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		57
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230714
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230714

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Goldenstone Acquisition Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001858007
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41328
		FILM NUMBER:		231089543

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4360 E. NEW YORK STREET
		CITY:			AURORA
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60504
		BUSINESS PHONE:		330-352-7788

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4360 E. NEW YORK STREET
		CITY:			AURORA
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60504

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-057123.txt : 20230714

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_goldenstone.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

GOLDENSTONE ACQUISITION LIMITED (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

. , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

N/A 
 
 (Former name or former address,
 if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Yes
 No Not applicable 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

At
September 30, 2022, which is the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate
market value of the Registrant s shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was approximately million. 

As
of July 12, 2023, shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

GOLDENSTONE
ACQUISITION LIMITED 

Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended March 31, 2023 

Page 
 
 PART
 i 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 
 9 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 
 9 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 9 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 
 9 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 9 

part
 II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 10 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 11 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 11 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 16 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 16 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 16 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 
 16 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER
 INFORMATION 
 17 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 17 

part
 III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 18 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 
 25 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 26 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 27 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 29 

part
 IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 30 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 
 31 

i 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Some
statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K are forward-looking in nature. Our forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions
or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future
events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, 
 continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, 
 might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K may include, for example, statements
about: 

our
 ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
 directors following our initial business combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
 of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result
 of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on
 the trust account balance; or 

our
 financial performance following our offering. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated.
These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions
that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may
vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws. 

ii 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

Goldenstone
Acquisition Limited we, us, our, Goldenstone or the Company is
a Delaware corporation incorporated as a blank check company for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition,
share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer
to herein as our initial business combination. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited
to a particular industry or geographic region other than we have agreed that we will not undertake an initial business combination with
any entity that is headquartered in, or conducts the majority of its business in, in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). The Company s
sponsor is Goldenstone Holdings, LLC Sponsor which is controlled by Eddie Ni, our Chief Executive Officer. 

We
believe that our management team s decades of experience in mergers and acquisitions for blank check companies, connections to
the global business community including Asia and North America, and experience in business development will allow us to source attractive
deals and find compelling investment opportunities from private and public sources to create value for stockholders, and give us a competitive
advantage in pursuing a broad range of opportunities in many industries. 

Initial
Public Offering 

On
March 21, 2022, we consummated our initial public offering (the IPO of 5,750,000 units (the Units ), including
the issuance of 750,000 Units as a result of the underwriter s full exercise of its over-allotment option (referred to herein as
the Over-Allotment and over-allotment option ). Each Unit consists of one share of common stock of the Company,
par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), one redeemable warrant Warrant ), each Warrant entitling
the holder thereof to purchase one-half of one share of Common Stock for 11.50 per whole share and one right Right ),
with each Right entitling the holder to 1/10 of one share of Common Stock. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating
gross proceeds to the Company of 57,500,000. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the private placement with the Sponsors and certain other investors of 351,250 units
(the Private Units ), at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 3,512,500 (the Private
Placement ). The Private Units are identical to the Units sold in the IPO except that the holders have agreed not to transfer,
assign, or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the registration
statement for the IPO (the Registration Statement until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial
business combination. In addition, the warrants included in the Private Units are not redeemable if held by them or a permitted transferee.
Our Sponsors and the anchor investors were granted certain demand and piggyback registration rights in connection with the purchase of
the Private Warrants. The Private Units were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transactions
did not involve a public offering. 

Upon
the closing of the initial public offering on March 21, 2022, a total of 58,362,500 of the net proceeds from the IPO, the Over-Allotment
and the Private Placement (including 2,012,500 of the underwriter s deferred commission) was deposited in a trust account (the
 Trust Account established for the benefit of our public stockholders. As of March 31, 2023, a total of 60,156,291 including
the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement as well as income accrued since the date of the IPO was being held in a trust
account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders. 

1 

After
the payment of IPO transaction costs that amounted to 4,331,021, consisting of 1,150,000 of underwriting discounts and commissions,
 2,012,500 of deferred underwriting discounts and commissions (which amount will be payable upon consummation of our initial business
combination, if consummated), 519,403 of other offering costs, the 441,025 fair value of the 57,500 shares issued to the representative
(the Representative Shares and the 208,093 fair value of the Unit Purchase Option sold to Maxim (the UPO and considered as part of the transaction costs, 1,045,061 of the net proceeds of the Public Offering and Private Placement was not
deposited into the Trust Account and was retained by us for working capital purposes. The Representative has agreed to waive its rights
to the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available
to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. 

The
initial stockholders, officers, directors, or their affiliates have agreed to loan us funds as may be required in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with searching for a target business or consummating an intended initial business combination (the working
capital loans ). As of March 31, 2023, the Company had no borrowings under the working capital loans. Any future working capital
loans would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion,
up to 600,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of the Company s business combination into private units at a price
of 10.00 per unit. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital
held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment.
Such loans , if and when issued, would be evidenced by promissory notes. As of March 31, 2023, we had 10,763 held outside of the Trust
Account. 

Upon
the closing of the IPO, the Company had an initial 12 months from the closing of the IPO to complete a Business Combination, and the
Company may, but is not obligated to, extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination three times by an additional three
months each time (for a total of up to 21 months to complete a Business Combination). In order to extend the time available for the Company
to consummate a Business Combination, the initial stockholders or their affiliates or designees must deposit into the Trust Account 575,000 0.10 per share in either case), on or prior to the applicable deadline, for each three month extension (or up to an aggregate of 1,500,000
(or 1,725,000 if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), or 0.30 per share if the Company extends for
the full nine months). 

We
now have until September 21, 2023, with the option, upon approval of our Board of Directors, to extend up to December 21, 2023, or such
later time as our shareholders may approve in accordance with our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter ),
to consummate our initial business combination (the Combination Period ). If we are unable to consummate our initial business
combination by such date and do not obtain an additional extension, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding Public Shares,
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned
(net of taxes payable, and less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public
Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption,
subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in
each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There
will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s public warrants, public rights, or private
rights. The warrants and rights will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the 12-month
time period (or up to 21 months from the closing of Initial Public Offering if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a
Business Combination by the full amount of time). The underwriters have agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission
held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such
event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public
Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution
will be less than 10.15. 

2 

Execution
and Termination of the Merger Agreement 

On
June 21, 2022, we entered into a Merger Agreement (the Merger Agreement by and among Roxe Holding Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Roxe ), the Registrant, Goldenstone Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation Merger Sub and wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Registrant, and Amazon Capital Inc., solely in its capacity as representative, agent and attorney-in-fact of the Roxe
Securityholders (the Securityholder Representative )(collectively, the Parties), pursuant to which Merger Sub would
merge with and into the Company (the Merger with the Roxe as the surviving corporation of the Merger and becoming a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company. 

Subsequently,
on September 30, 2022, we entered into a Joint Agreement to Terminate Merger Agreement (the Termination Agreement with
Roxe, pursuant to which (i) the Parties mutually agreed to terminate the Merger Agreement. The termination was by mutual agreement of
the Company and Roxe pursuant to Section 10.1(c) of the Merger Agreement, and no termination fee or other payment is due to either party
from the other as a result of the termination. 

By
virtue of the termination of the Merger Agreement, the Additional Agreements (as defined in the Merger Agreement) were terminated in
accordance with their terms. 

Extension
of the Deadline to Complete an Initial Business Combination 

Pursuant
to the terms of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Investment Management Trust Agreement between the Company
and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC Continental ), the Company may elect to extend the time available
to consummate our initial business combination, provided that our sponsor or its affiliates or designees must, upon ten days advance
notice prior to the applicable deadline, deposit 575,000 into the trust account 0.10 per share) on or prior to the date of the applicable
deadline, for each three month extension (or up to an aggregate of 1,725,000, or 0.30 per share if we extend for the full nine months)
ten days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline. 

On
March 14, 2023, the Company announced that it had extended the period of time by which it may complete an initial business combination
by an additional three months (the Extension ). In accordance with its amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
a deposit of 575,000 was made into the trust account established at the time of the Company s initial public offering for the
benefit of the public stockholders. Pursuant to the Extension, the deadline for completion of an initial business combination was extended
to June 21, 2023. 

On
June 20, 2023, the Company announced that it had extended the period of time by which it may complete an initial business combination
by an additional three months (the Second Extension ). In accordance with its amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
on June 14, 2023, a deposit of 575,000 was made into to the trust account established at the time of the Company s initial public
offering for the benefit of the public stockholders. Pursuant to the Second Extension, the new deadline for completion of an initial
business combination is September 21, 2023. 

Business
Strategy 

Our
business strategy is to identify and complete a business combination that creates long-term value for our stockholders. We will seek
to capitalize on the comprehensive experience and contacts of our executive officers and directors in consummating an initial business
combination. Our team is led by Eddie Ni, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Ray Chen, our Chief Financial Officer, and Yongsheng
Liu, our Chief Operating Officer. 

Mr.
Eddie Ni, our President and Chief Executive Officer, brings us his more than 30 years of investment, business management and entrepreneurial
experience. He has been the chairman and chief executive officer of Windfall Group since December 2009. Windfall Group, a Ohio corporation,
has a large business portfolio involved in a variety of industries in U.S., including real estate, building supply, construction, and
import/export of construction materials and home building structures such as granite and cabinet. Under the management of Windfall Group,
Mr. Ni has raised, invested, and managed over hundred-million-dollar assets including commercial real estates across the Midwest United
States, from Ohio and Illinois to Georgia and South Carolina, and New York City and New Jersey. Mr. Ni was the chairman and chief executive
officer of Direct Import Home D cor from November 2003 to November 2009. Prior to Windfall Group and Direct Import Home D cor,
from May 1990 to October 2003, Mr. Ni was the founder and chief executive officer of Ni s Dynasty, which focused on investments
in management of the food and beverage industry. 

Mr.
Chen and Mr. Liu have experience with initial public offerings and business combinations for blank check companies. They have worked
together on the formation, initial public offering and business combination for Wealthbridge Acquisition Limited Wealthbridge and Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited Goldenbridge ). 

Mr.
Chen also has over 10 years of extensive experience with mergers and acquisitions, especially with respect to target sourcing, deal structuring,
and investment relations. He served as chief operating officer of Wealthbridge, which consummated its initial public offering in February
2019 and closed its initial business combination with Scienjoy Inc. Scienjoy in May 2020, and has been serving as Vice
President and Director of investor relation of Scienjoy since May 2020. In addition, since August 2020, Mr. Chen has been serving as
the chief operating officer of Goldenbridge, which consummated its initial public offering in March 2021. Goldenbridge is currently in
the process of evaluating business combination candidates. 

3 

Mr.
Liu has over 10 years of experience in mergers and acquisitions, including cross-border transactions involving the United States and
China, which Mr. Liu actively participated in (in a variety capacities) from initial deal sourcing and negotiations through consummation.
Mr. Liu served as chief executive officer and chairman of Wealthbridge, until its initial business combination with Scienjoy in May 2020,
and has been serving as vice chairman of Scienjoy s board of director since May 2020. He has served as the chief executive officer
and chairman of Goldenbridge since August 2020. 

With
a management team with experience in merger and acquisitions for blank check companies, connections to the global business community
including Asia and North America, and experience in business development, we believe we can source attractive deals and find compelling
investment opportunities from private and public sources to create value for stockholders. See Item 10, Directors, Officers and
Corporate Governance for complete information on the experience of our officers and directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, our officers and directors are not required to commit their full time to our affairs and will allocate their time to other
businesses, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business
combination and their other businesses. We presently expect each of our employees to devote such amount of time as they reasonably believe
is necessary to our business (which could range from only a few hours a week while we are trying to locate a potential target business
to a In addition, past performance by our management team is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination
we may consummate or (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination. Furthermore, the
members of the management team may not remain with us subsequent to the consummation of a business combination. 

Competitive
Advantages 

Experienced
Management Team with Proven Track Record 

Our
management team has a proven track record of successfully executing business combination and generating attractive return for investors
as evidenced by the completion of a business combination between Wealthbridge and Scienjoy in May 2020. 

We
believe we have a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships worldwide that makes us efficient at: 

Sourcing
 and evaluating businesses; 

Bridging
 cultural and language differences to negotiate and execute a transaction in a timely and
 professional manner; and 

Utilizing
 our worldwide networks and relationships with investment banks and family offices to identify
 attractive acquisition candidates in the Artificial Intelligent, Green Energy and Electronic
 Vehicle industries. 

By
leveraging our management team s industry expertise, performing disciplined due diligence, seeking downside protection, and providing
post-acquisition value-add capabilities, we believe that we will be able to acquire a target business that will achieve significant returns
for investors. 

Status
as a Publicly Listed Company 

We
believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to prospective target businesses. As a publicly listed
company, we will offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering. We believe that target businesses
will favor this alternative, which we believe is less expensive, while offering greater certainty of execution than the traditional initial
public offering. During an initial public offering, there are typically expenses incurred in marketing, which would be costlier than
a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is approved by our stockholders (if applicable) and
the transaction is consummated, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always
subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions that could prevent the offering
from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management
incentives that are better aligned with stockholders interests than it would as a private company. It can offer further benefits
by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented management staffs. 

4 

Strong
Financial Position and Flexibility 

With
the funds held in our trust account, we can offer a target business a variety of options to facilitate a business combination and fund
future expansion and growth of its business. Because we are able to consummate a business combination using the cash proceeds from this
offering, our share capital, debt or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use an efficient structure allowing us
to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to address the needs of the parties. However, if a business combination
requires us to use substantially all of our cash to pay for the purchase price, we may need to arrange third party financing to help
fund our business combination. Since we have no specific business combination under consideration, we have not taken any steps to secure
third-party financing. 

Initial
Business Combination Criteria 

The
focus of our management team is to create stockholder value by leveraging its experience to improve the efficiency of the business while
implementing strategies to grow revenue and profits organically and/or through acquisitions. 

Consistent
with our strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective
target businesses. While we intend to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating prospective businesses, we may deviate from these
criteria and guidelines should we see fit to do so: 

Advantage
 of the Niche Deal Size 

We
intend to acquire companies with enterprise values of between 150 million and 500 million that are preferably already cash-generative.
We believe we have greater access to companies within this range and the negotiation process is generally less time consuming than companies
that are larger. 

Predicable
 Revenue Visibility with Defensible Market Position 

We
intend to seek target companies that are at an inflection point, such as those requiring additional management expertise, are able to
innovate by developing new products or services, or where we believe we can drive improved financial performance and where an acquisition
may help facilitate growth. 

Benefits
 from Being a U.S. Public Company (Value Creation and Marketing Opportunities) 

We
intend to seek target companies that offer attractive risk-adjusted equity returns for our stockholders. We intend to seek to acquire
a target on terms and in a manner that leverages our experience. We expect to evaluate financial returns based on (i) the potential for
organic growth in cash flows, (ii) the ability to achieve cost savings, (iii) the ability to accelerate growth, including through the
opportunity for follow-on acquisitions and (iv) the prospects for creating value through other value creation initiatives. Potential
upside from growth in the target business earnings and an improved capital structure will be weighed against any identified downside
risks. 

Exceptional
 management and governance. 

We
intend to seek companies that have trustworthy, talented, experienced, and highly competent management teams. These companies may be
led by entrepreneurs who are looking for a partner with our expertise to execute on the next stage of their growth. For target companies
that require new management, we will leverage our team s experience in identifying and recruiting top talent. 

These
criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination
may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, and criteria that our team
may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet
the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications
related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in this Form 10-K, would be in the form of tender offer documents or
proxy solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC. 

5 

Sourcing
of Potential Business Combination Targets 

We
believe that the operational and transactional experience of our management team and their respective affiliates, and the relationships
they have developed as a result of such experience, will provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets.
These individuals and entities have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network
has grown through sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses, relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams
and experience in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. We believe that these networks of contacts
and relationships will provide us important sources of investment opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates
may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity funds and
large business enterprises seeking to divest noncore assets or divisions. 

Our
acquisition criteria, due diligence processes and value creation methods are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to
the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as
other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial
business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business
does not meet the above criteria in our stockholder communications related to our initial business combination, which, as discussed in
this Form 10-K, would be in the form of tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that we would file with the SEC. 

Other
Acquisition Considerations 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent
firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm that
our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Unless
we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, or our Board of Directors cannot independently determine the
fair market value of the target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm, another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or from an
independent accounting firm that the price we are paying for a target is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion
is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the business judgment of our Board of Directors, which will have significant discretion
in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of the target or targets, and different methods of valuation may vary
greatly in outcome from one another. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials,
as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

Members
of our management team may directly or indirectly own our common stock and/or private units following this offering, and, accordingly,
may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate
our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating
a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business
as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

6 

Each
of our directors and officers presently has, and in the future any of our directors and our officers may have additional, fiduciary or
contractual obligations to other entities, including Goldenbridge, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required
to present acquisition opportunities to such entity. Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Delaware laws, if any
of our officers or directors becomes aware of an acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then
current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present
such acquisition opportunity to such entity, including Goldenbridge, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors may become an officer or director of other special purpose acquisition companies with a class of securities
registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, such officers and
directors will continue to have a pre-existing fiduciary obligation to us and we will, therefore, have priority over any special purpose
acquisition companies they subsequently join. 

Initial
Business Combination 

NASDAQ
rules require that our initial business combination must be with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market
value equal to at least 80 of the balance in the trust account (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest
earned) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our Board of Directors
is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an
independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are
seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction
with our initial business combination. 

We
will have until 12 months from the closing of this offering to consummate an initial business combination. However, if we anticipate
that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months, we may extend the period of time to consummate
a business combination up to three times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 21 months to complete a business combination).
Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between us and the
trustee in connection with the IPO, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our
sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon ten days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account
 575,000 0.10 per share) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three month extension (or up to an aggregate
of 1,725,000, or 0.30 per share if we extend for the full nine months). Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan. Any
such loans will be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of our initial business combination. If we complete our initial
business combination, we would either repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us, or up to 1,725,000
of such loans may be convertible into private units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. If we do not complete
a business combination, the loans would be repaid out of funds not held in the trust account, and only to the extent available. Furthermore,
the letter agreement with our initial stockholders contains a provision pursuant to which our sponsor has agreed to waive its right to
be repaid for such loans out of the funds held in the trust account in the event that we do not complete a business combination. Our
sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial
business combination. You will not be able to vote on or redeem your shares in connection with any such extension. 

If
we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such 12-month period (or up to 21 months from the closing of this offering
if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by the full amount of time), we will: (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest
(which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to 50,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number
of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our public warrants, public rights, private warrants
or private rights. The warrants and rights will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the 12-month
time period (or up to 21 months from the closing of this offering if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination
by the full amount of time). You will not be able to vote on or redeem your shares in connection with any such extension. 

7 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares
will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial
business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target
business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete
such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority
interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction.
For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding
capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance
of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority
of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target
business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned
or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If our initial business combination involves more than
one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. 

We
have registered our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated
under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange
Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Corporate
Information 

Our
principal executive office is located at 4360 E. New York St., Aurora, IL 60504, and our telephone number is 330-352-7788. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval
of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may
be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

8 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of
the completion of this offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed
to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700
million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in
non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall
have the meaning 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take
advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements.
We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held
by non-affiliates equal or exceeds 250 million as of the end of that fiscal year s second fiscal quarter, or (2) our annual revenues
equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals
or exceeds 700 million as of the end of that fiscal year s second fiscal quarter. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
currently maintain our executive offices at 4360 E. New York Street; Aurora, Illinois, 60504. Our executive offices are provided to us
by our Sponsor. On March 16, 2022, we agreed to pay our Sponsor a total of 25,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial
and administrative support. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, it will cease paying
these monthly fees. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not
currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding,
investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
Applicable. 

9 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
units began to trade on The Nasdaq Capital Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol GDSTU on March 17, 2022. The shares of common
stock, warrants and rights comprising the units began separate trading on Nasdaq on April 14, 2022, under the symbols GDST ,
 GDSTW and GDSTR , respectively. The separation of the Units was voluntary and all securities continue to trade. 

Holders
of Record 

As
of March 31, 2023, there were 7,596,250 of our shares of common stock issued and outstanding held by 10 stockholders of record. The number
of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of common stock
whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business
combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors
to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring
any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring
any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited
by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

Use
of Proceeds 

On
March 21, 2022, Goldenstone consummated its initial public offering (the IPO of 5,750,000 units (the Units which included the full exercise of the over-allotment option to purchase 750,000 Units, each Unit consisting of one share of common
stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), one redeemable warrant to purchase one-half of one
share of Common Stock for 11.50 Warrant and one right to acquire one-tenth of one share of Common Stock. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO and the over-allotment, we consummated the issuance of 351.250 private placement units (the Private
Placement Units at 10.00 per Private Placement Unit. 

Upon
the closing of the initial public offering on March 21, 2022, a total of 58,362,500 of the net proceeds from the IPO, the Over-Allotment
and the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of our public stockholders. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

10 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

Not
applicable 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References
to we , us , our or the Company are to Goldenstone Acquisition Limited, except
where the context requires otherwise. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related
notes thereto included elsewhere in this report. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking
statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and
unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, 
 could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, 
 estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause
or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated on September 9, 2020 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. 

On
March 21, 2022, we consummated our IPO of 5,750,000 units at 10.00 per unit (the Units ). The units sold included the full
exercise of the underwriters over-allotment. Each Unit consists of one share of our common stock (the Public Shares ),
one redeemable warrant to purchase one-half of one share of our common stock at a price of 11.50 per whole share and one right. Each
right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of our common stock upon the consummation of the Business
Combination. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO and the over-allotment, we consummated the issuance of 351,250 private placement units (the Private
Placement Units for aggregate cash proceeds of 3,512,500. Each Private Placement Unit consists of one share of our common stock,
one redeemable warrant to purchase one-half of one share of our common stock at a price of 11.50 per whole share and one right. Each
right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of our common stock upon the consummation of our Business
Combination. Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the IPO and the Private
Placement Units, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating our Business
Combination. 

Upon
the closing of the initial public offering on March 21, 2022, a total of 58,362,500 of the net proceeds from the IPO, the Over-Allotment
and the Private Placement were deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of our public stockholders. 

11 

If
we have not completed our initial business combination within 12 months (or by December 21, 2023, if so extended), we will: (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter,
redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable, and less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate,
subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. 

We
cannot assure you that our plans to complete our initial business combination will be successful. 

Termination
of Sparks Merger Agreement 

On
June 21, 2022, we entered into a Merger Agreement (the Merger Agreement by and among Roxe Holding Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Roxe ), the Registrant, Goldenstone Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation Merger Sub and wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Registrant, and Amazon Capital Inc., solely in its capacity as representative, agent and attorney-in-fact of the Roxe
Securityholders (the Securityholder Representative )(collectively, the Parties), pursuant to which Merger Sub would
merge with and into the Company (the Merger with the Roxe as the surviving corporation of the Merger and becoming a wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company. 

Subsequently,
on September 30, 2022, we entered into a Joint Agreement to Terminate Merger Agreement (the Termination Agreement with
Roxe, pursuant to which (i) the Parties mutually agreed to terminate the Merger Agreement. The termination was by mutual agreement of
the Company and Roxe pursuant to Section 10.1(c) of the Merger Agreement, and no termination fee or other payment is due to either party
from the other as a result of the termination. 

By
virtue of the termination of the Merger Agreement, the Additional Agreements (as defined in the Merger Agreement) were terminated in
accordance with their terms. 

Extension
of the Deadline to Complete an Initial Business Combination 

Pursuant
to the terms of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Investment Management Trust Agreement between the Company
and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC Continental ), the Company may elect to extend the time available
to consummate our initial business combination, provided that our sponsor or its affiliates or designees must, upon ten days advance
notice prior to the applicable deadline, deposit 575,000 into the trust account 0.10 per share) on or prior to the date of the applicable
deadline, for each three month extension (or up to an aggregate of 1,725,000, or 0.30 per share if we extend for the full nine months)
ten days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline. 

On
March 14, 2023, the Company announced that it had extended the period of time by which it may complete an initial business combination
by an additional three months (the Extension ). In accordance with its amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
a deposit of 575,000 was made into the trust account established at the time of the Company s initial public offering for the
benefit of the public stockholders. Pursuant to the Extension, the new deadline for completion of an initial business combination was
extended to June 21, 2023 . 

On
June 20, 2023, the Company announced that it had extended the period of time by which it may complete an initial business combination
by an additional three months (the Second Extension ). In accordance with its amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
on June 14, 2023, a deposit of 575,000 was made into to the trust account established at the time of the Company s initial public
offering for the benefit of the public stockholders. Pursuant to the Second Extension, the new deadline for completion of an initial
business combination is September 21, 2023. 

Changes
in the Company s Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Appointment
of the Current Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

On
March 8, 2023, the Company engaged Marcum Asia CPAs LLP Marcum Asia ), an affiliate of Marcum LLP Marcum ),
as its independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023, effective immediately. During the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2022 and the interim period through March 8, 2023, neither the Company nor anyone on its behalf consulted with Marcum
Asia regarding (i) the application of accounting principles to any specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of
audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements, and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided
to the Company that Marcum concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing,
or financial reporting issue, or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv)
of Regulation S-K, or a reportable event, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

12 

Dismissal
of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on March 8, 2023. 

In
connection with the Company s appointment of Marcum Asia, the Company dismissed Marcum, its prior independent registered public
accounting firm, effective March 8, 2023. Marcum continued to serve as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm
through March 8, 2023. The services previously provided by Marcum will now be provided by Marcum Asia. The decision to change
accountants was expressly approved by the Chairman of the Company s Audit Committee. 

Marcum s
reports on the Company s financial statements for the period from October 21, 2022 through March 8, 2023 did not contain an adverse
opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles, except
that the audit reports on the financial statements of the Company contained an uncertainty about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. 

During
the period from October 21, 2022 through March 8, 2023, there were no disagreements with Marcum on any matter of accounting principles
or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction
of Marcum, would have caused Marcum to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements in connection with its reports on the
Company s financial statements for such periods. Also during this time, there were no reportable events, as defined
in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

The
Company provided Marcum with a copy of the above disclosures and requested that Marcum furnish the Company with a letter addressed to
the Securities and Exchange Commission stating whether or not it agrees with the statements made above. A copy of Marcum s letter,
dated March 14, 2023, is attached as Exhibit 16.1 to the Form 8-K filed on March 15, 2023. 

Appointment
of Prior Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on October 21, 2022. 

On
October 21, 2022, the Company engaged Marcum as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year
ending March 31, 2023, effective immediately. During the period from September 9, 2020 through March 31, 2021, the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2022 and the interim period through October 21, 2022, neither the Company nor anyone on its behalf consulted with Marcum regarding
(i) the application of accounting principles to any specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion
that might be rendered on the Company s financial statements, and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to the
Company that Marcum concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing,
or financial reporting issue, or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv)
of Regulation S-K, or a reportable event, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

Dismissal
of Prior Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on October 21, 2022 

In
connection with the Company s engagement of Marcum as its independent
registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023, on October 21, 2022, the Company concurrently dismissed
Friedman LLP Friedman ), as its independent registered public accounting firm. Friedman
continued to serve as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm through October 19, 2022. Based on information
provided by Friedman, effective September 1, 2022, Friedman combined with Marcum and continued to operate as an independent registered
public accounting firm. On October 21, 2022, an engagement letter was executed by Marcum and the Company, effectively immediately. Pursuant
to the engagement letter, the services previously provided by Friedman would be provided by Marcum. The decision to change
accountants was expressly approved by the Chairman of the Company s Audit Committee. 

Friedman s
reports on the Company s financial statements from September 9, 2020 (inception) through March 31, 2021 and for the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2022 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty,
audit scope or accounting principles, except that the audit reports on the financial statements of the Company contained an uncertainty
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

13 

During
the period from September 9, 2020 (inception) through March 31, 2021 and the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022, and the subsequent interim
period through October 21, 2022, there were no disagreements with Friedman on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial
statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of Friedman, would have
caused Friedman to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements in connection with its reports on the Company s financial
statements for such periods. Also during this time, there were no reportable events, as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of
Regulation S-K. 

The
Company provided Friedman with a copy of the above disclosures and requested that Friedman furnish the Company with a letter addressed
to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating whether or not it agrees with the statements made above. A copy of Friedman s
letter, dated November 14, 2022, is attached as Exhibit 16.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 14, 2022. 

Results
of Operations 

Our
entire activity since inception up to March 31, 2023 was in connection with our search for a target for our initial business combination.
We will not generate any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business combination, at the earliest. 

For
the year ended March 31, 2023, we generated a net income of 145,511, which consisted of interest income on the trust account of 1,483,785,
offset by formation and operating costs of 998,735, franchise tax expense of 38,043 and income taxes provision of 301,496. For the
year ended March 31, 2022, we incurred a net loss of 53,448, which consisted of formation and operating costs of 43,401 and franchise
tax expense of 12,250, partially offset by interest income on the trust account of 2,203. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of March 31, 2023, we had 10,763 in cash in our operating account as compared to cash of 959,964 at March 31, 2022 and working deficit
of 648,141 as compared to working capital of 949,866 at March 31, 2022. The change in liquidity is attributable to cash used in operating
activities of 857,494, cash used in investing activities of 536,707, and offset by cash provided by financing activities. 

For
the year ended March 31, 2023, there was 857,494 of cash used in operating activities resulting from dividend earned on investment held
in Trust Account amounting to 1,483,785, increase in prepaid expenses of 50,000, offset by net income of 145,511, deferred tax expense
of 48,070, increase in accrued expenses of 204,084, increase in due to related parties of 25,000, increase in income tax payable of
 253,426, and increase in franchise tax payable of 200. 

For
the year ended March 31, 2023, there was 536,707 of cash used in investing activities resulting from the deposit of investment held
in Trust Account amounting to 575,000, offset by withdrawal of an investment held in the Trust Account amounting to 38,293. 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, our sponsors or an affiliate of our sponsors or certain
of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us Working Capital Loans. For the year ended March 31, 2023, there
was 445,000 of cash provided by financing activities resulting from proceeds from the working capital loan from a related party amounting
to 320,000 and the receipt of the business combination deposits amounting to 125,000 

Based
on the foregoing, management believes that we will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet our needs through the
earlier of the consummation of a business combination or one year from this filing. Over this time period, we will be using these funds
for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial business combination candidates, performing due
diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and
structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. 

14 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The
preparation of these financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. We have identified
the following as our critical accounting policies: 

Common
Stock Subject to Redemption 

We
account for our common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability
instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that feature redemption rights
that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the
Company s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity.
Our common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain
future events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside
of the stockholders equity section of our balance sheet. 

We
have made a policy election in accordance with ASC 480-10-S99-3A and recognizes changes in redemption value in additional paid-in capital
(or accumulated deficit in the absence of additional paid-in capital) over an expected 12-month period leading up to a Business Combination. 

Deferred
Offering Costs 

We
comply with the requirements of FASB ASC Topic 340-10-S99-1, Other Assets and Deferred Costs - SEC Materials ASC
340-10-S99 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A, Expenses of Offering . Offering costs were 4,331,021 consisting
principally of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses that are directly related to the IPO and charged to stockholders 
equity upon the completion of the IPO. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06,
Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own
Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates
the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies
the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard
also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s
own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for
all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2022 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis,
with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 as of January 1, 2021. 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a
material effect on the Company s financial statements. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations 

Registration
Rights 

Pursuant
to a registration rights agreement entered into on September 10, 2021, the holders of the founder shares, the private placement units
and private placement units that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans will be entitled to registration rights pursuant
to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the closing date of this offering requiring us to register such securities
for resale. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register
such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements
filed subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing
of any such registration statements. 

15 

Underwriting
Agreement 

We
sold to the underwriters, 100, a Unit Purchase Option UPO to purchase 270,250 Units exercisable at 11.00 per Unit,
an aggregate exercise price of 2,972,750, commencing on the later of the first anniversary the effective date of the registration statement
related to the Initial Public Offering and the consummation of a Business Combination. The unit purchase option may be exercised for
cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and expires five years from the effective date of the registration statement
related to the Initial Public Offering. 

The
underwriters received a cash underwriting discount of 2 of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or 1,150,000, upon closing of the IPO. In
addition the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the sale of Units in the
IPO, or 2,012,500, which is currently held in the trust account and would be payable upon the completion of the initial Business Combination
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Management
does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on our financial statements. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our
financial statements and the notes thereto begin on page F-1 of this Form 10-K. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and
chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March
31, 2023, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of
March 31, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

16 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting
or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the
SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Except
as discussed below, there were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. During the quarter ended March 31, 2023, we engaged a professional CPA firm to
review our income tax provision to remediate our previous identified material weakness on lack of qualified personnel to provide the
tax provision for a U.S. Special Purpose Acquisition Company SPAC ). 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

17 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

Our
directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 Eddie Ni 
 
 60 
 
 Director, Chief Executive
 Officer, and President 
 
 Ray Chen 
 
 58 
 
 Director, Chief Financial
 Officer 
 
 Yongsheng Liu 
 
 54 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Jonathan McKeage 
 
 69 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Pin Tai 
 
 69 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Nan Sun 
 
 41 
 
 Independent Director 

Below
is a summary of the business experience of each of our executive officers and directors: 

Eddie
Ni. Mr. Ni has been our President and Chief Executive Officer since March 2021 and he has more than 30 years of investment, business
management and entrepreneurial experience. He has been the chairman and chief executive officer of Windfall Group since December 2009.
Windfall Group, an Ohio corporation, has a large business portfolio involved in a variety of industries in U.S., including real estate,
building supply, construction, and import/export of construction materials and home building structures such as granite and cabinet.
Under the management of Windfall Group, Mr. Ni has raised, invested, and managed over hundred-million-dollar assets including commercial
real estates across the Midwest to the south states of United States from the State of Ohio, Illinois to Georgia and South Carolina,
and New York City and New Jersey. Mr. Ni was the chairman and chief executive officer of Direct Import Home D cor from November
2003 to November 2009. Prior to Windfall Group and Direct Import Home D cor, from May 1990 to October 2003, Mr. Ni was the founder
and chief executive officer of Ni s Dynasty focusing on investing and managing in the food and beverage industry. We believe that
Mr. Ni is qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his expertise in business management and his transaction experience. 

Ray
Chen. Mr. Chen has been our Chief Financial Officer since March 2021. He has served as chief operating officer of Goldenbridge
Acquisition Limited since August 2020. Mr. Chen served as director and chief operating officer of Wealthbridge Acquisition Limited, a
special purpose acquisition company, from February 2018 until its business combination with Scienjoy Inc. in May 2020, and has served
as the investor relation officer of Scienjoy since then. Mr. Chen served as chief executive officer at Fortissimo Film International
Ltd., a privately-owned film development and production company from August 2016 to January 2018. From January 2013 to February 2016,
Mr. Chen was chief executive officer of Beijing Galloping Horse Film TV Production Co., Ltd. From January 2010 to March 2013, Mr.
Chen was the head of sales in the Beijing Office of Star Jet Co., Ltd. Prior to his Star Jet experience, Mr. Chen was the executive board
member and head of sales in Asia Jet Partners Limited, a privately-owned holding company specializing in general aviation and aircraft
leasing. Mr. Chen joined Asia Jet after his service as chief executive officer at ABC International Inc., a business consulting company
based in Cleveland, Ohio. Mr. Chen attended business and marketing courses at Cleveland State University from September 1991 to June
1995. We believe Mr. Chen is well-qualified to serve as a member of the board given his public company experience, including other similarly
structured blank check companies, business leadership, operational experience and contacts. 

Yongsheng
Liu. Mr. Liu has been our Chief Operating Officer since April 2021. Throughout the past 20 years, Mr. Liu has assumed various
corporate leadership positions and demonstrated his strong execution ability and in-depth knowledge in private equity and corporate M A
transactions across a wide range of sectors including aviation, consumer, financial institutions, and technology. He has served as chairman
and chief executive officer of Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited since August 2020. He served as chairman and chief executive officer
of Wealthbridge Acquisition Limited, a special purpose acquisition company, from June 2018 until its business combination with Scienjoy
Inc. in May 2020, and has served as vice chairman of Scienjoy s board since then. From March 2017 to April 2018, Mr. Liu served
as chairman and chief executive officer of Royal China Holdings Limited (HKEx: 01683), during which he spearheaded the company s
international growth strategy focusing on acquiring targets in aviation industry and finance sector. From the beginning of 2013 to March
2017, Mr. Liu was chairman of Joy Air General Aviation, chairman of Cambodia Bayon Airlines, vice chairman of Everbright and Joy International
Leasing Company, and president of General Aviation Investment Company (Shanghai). From April 2004 to August 2008, Mr. Liu also served
as chief strategy officer of United Eagle Airlines (subsequently renamed to Chengdu Airlines). From December 1994 to June 2000, Mr. Liu
was a manager of China Southern Airlines responsible for ground staff training. Mr. Liu received his master s degree from University
of Ottawa in 2002 and his bachelor s degree from Civil Aviation University of China in 1992. We believe Mr. Liu is well-qualified
to serve as a member of the board given his public company experience, including other similarly structured blank check companies, business
leadership, operational experience and contacts. 

18 

Jonathan
McKeage. Mr. McKeage has been our director since July 2021. has over 30 years of experience in the areas of M A, corporate
finance, equity analysis, trading and investor relations. Mr. McKeage has held executive positions at publicly traded U.S. corporations,
including Vice President of Corporate Development for NASDAQ-quoted, Minneapolis-based Digital Angel Corporation, where for seven years
(2004-2010) he coordinated acquisitions and divestitures and served as in-house investor relations manager for this international RFID
and GPS technology group. During this time, he also served as CEO and Director of New Jersey-based Digital Angel subsidiary InfoTech
USA, an OTC-quoted provider of information technology and consulting services to small and medium sized businesses, where he led a business
model restructuring and eventual sale to a private equity group, as part of the parent company s program of divestiture of non-core
assets. Before this, Mr. McKeage for two years was an Account Manager with Allen Caron, a New York and London based investor relations
firm, where he led roadshows and wrote press releases for the firm s small cap client base, and advised C-suite executives on IR
strategies. In the early 1990s Mr. McKeage spent three years with Kalb Voorhis, a New-York based brokerage and specialist operation,
where he acted as floor broker on the NYSE and client relationship manager with the firm s AMEX specialist unit, as well as on
the firm s equity sales desk upstairs executing customer trades on these exchanges. Following this, he spent two
years with Niederhoffer Investments, a New York-based financial group engaged primarily in commodities trading, where he engaged in commodities
research and ADR trading, as well as managing the firm s private company exclusive sale business. Mr. McKeage s investment
banking experience includes seven years (1995-2002) as a Managing Director in the Corporate Finance department of New York-based Dominick
 Dominick LLC, where he was involved in a number of domestic and international M A and equity funding assignments and also led
European roadshows for US clients in conjunction with Dominick s then-extensive European branch network. During this time Mr. McKeage
also published a number of research reports on small cap technology companies. Prior to his time with Dominick, Mr. McKeage was an Associate
with Morgan Grenfell Inc., the New York office of Morgan Grenfell plc, the British merchant bank, where he participated in domestic and
cross-border M A transactions, and also participated in a roadshow for the launch of Morgan Grenfell s London-based merchant
banking fund (1986-1990). Mr. McKeage began his investment banking career in the Municipal Finance division of PaineWebber in New York,
where he was a member of a team structuring tax-exempt municipal bonds. More recently (since 2015), Mr. McKeage has been involved in
educational services, as a corporate executive, teacher and consultant. He has served as CEO, Director and Senior Advisor for American
Education Center, Inc., a New York-based, OTC-quoted provider of college application advice, and acclimation and business services to
Chinese students studying in the US and their families. During this time, he also taught online courses in Equity Analysis, Personal
Investing, US Capital Markets, M A, and the Global Investment Banking Industry. Mr. McKeage holds a BA degree from Rice University,
MA and PhD degrees from Harvard University and a Certificate in Business Administration from The Wharton School. We believe Mr. McKeage
is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors given his experience, relationships and contacts. 

Pin
Tai. Mr. Tai has been our director since April 2021. He has over 38 years of commercial banking experience in U.S., Hong Kong
and mainland China. Mr. Tai joined Cathay Bank in 1999 as general manager of its New York region, and was instrumental in the development
of its east coast presence in New York, Boston, Maryland, New Jersey and Chicago. He took on more responsibilities within the bank as
executive vice president of eastern regions including Texas and was appointed chief lending officer in 2013. In 2015, he was invited
to join the board of directors and was appointed as president of Cathay Bank. In 2016, he was named chief executive officer and president
of Cathay General Bancorp and Cathay Bank. During his tenure as chief executive officer and president, Cathay Bank was ranked top 10
Best Banks in 2018 and within the top 20 Best Banks in America for 5 consecutive years by Forbes Magazine. Mr. Tai retired from Cathay
Bank in September 2020. Subsequently he was invited to join GPI Investment Group and became chairman of GPI Real Estate Opportunity Fund,
a private equity focusing on investment in multi-family, student housing and undervalued real estate assets. Prior to joining Cathay
Bank, he worked for Bank of China, USA for 13 years in charge of credit and business development, marketing and correspondent banking.
Before that, he was with Bank of America in Hong Kong and mainland China providing international banking services to Chinese state-owned
banks and companies as well as multinational companies. He was amongst the earliest group of American bankers entering China market in
1980. Mr. Tai graduated from the University of Rochester with a bachelor of science degree in Chemical Engineering and received his master s
degree in business administration with Honor from Northwestern University s Kellogg School of Management. He also completed the
Directors Training Program at UCLA Anderson School of Business. He was former vice chair and board member of NY Chinatown Partnership
Local Development Corporation, director of NY Chinese Bankers Association, director of Cathay General Bancorp, Cathay Bank and Cathay
Bank Foundation, Western Bankers Association, California Bankers Association, Foothill Family Services at Pasadena and Worldwide Christian
Churches Ministries. Mr. Tai was invited to become a member of the Committee of 100 in 2019. We believe Mr. Tai is well-qualified to
serve as a member of our board of directors given his experience, relationships and contacts. 

19 

Nan
Sun. Mr. Sun has been our director since April 2021. Mr. Sun currently serves as general manager of H-Bar Continuous Cast Iron
Corp. from 2014. Mr. Sun has been a professor in Xi an University of Technology, China and a guest professor in University of Notre
Dame, U.S. since August 2017. Prior to that Mr. Sun was an associate professor in Jiangsu University, China from April 2015 to August
2017. Mr. Sun was a post-doc research associate in Department of Physics, Purdue University, U.S., from December 2011 to March 2012,
and in Harper Cancer Center, University of Notre Dame, U.S., from March 2012 to June 2015. Mr. Sun has a list of publications on various
meetings, conferences and journals. Mr. Sun obtained two patents, one for inventing a new device for recycle Fumric acid recycle in 2014
and one for inventing a new method for waste water treatment, recycle, and chemical extraction for profits in 2012. He has been a member
of The Minerals, Metals Materials Society (TMS), Society of Photo-Optical Instrumentation Engineers (SPIE), and American Physical
Society (APS). Mr. Sun graduated with a bachelor s degree in Intensive Instruction (a special program for cultivating scientists)
from Nanjing University, China in 2003. Mr. Sun earned his Ph.D and master s degree in Physics from University of Notre Dame, U.S.
in 2012 and 2007, respectively. We believe Mr. Sun is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors given his experience,
relationships and contacts. 

Number
of Officers and Directors 

The
Board of Directors currently is consisted of five (5) members. Each member of our board of directors will be elected at our annual meetings.
In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first
fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our
bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary and such other officers
(including, without limitation, a Chairman of the Board, Presidents, Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and a Treasurer) as may be
determined by the board of directors. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of Jonathan McKeage, Pin Tai, and
Nan Sun are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent
directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating committee, and a compensation committee. Subject to
phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed
company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be
comprised solely of independent directors. 

20 

Audit
Committee 

Under
the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have three members of the audit committee all of whom must
be independent. We have established an audit committee of the board of directors, which consists of Jonathan McKeage, Pin Tai, and Nan
Sun, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Jonathan McKeage is the Chairperson of the audit
committee. The audit committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing
 and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements,
 and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included
 in our Form 10-K; 

discussing
 with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments
 made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; 

discussing
 with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; 

monitoring
 the independence of the independent auditor; 

verifying
 the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for
 the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

reviewing
 and approving all related-party transactions; 

inquiring
 and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving
 all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor,
 including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing
 or replacing the independent auditor; 

determining
 the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution
 of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting)
 for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 

establishing
 procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding
 accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding
 our financial statements or accounting policies; and 

approving
 reimbursement of expenses incurred by our management team in identifying potential target
 businesses. 

Financial
Experts on Audit Committee 

The
audit committee will at all times be composed exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate 
as defined under Nasdaq listing standards. Nasdaq listing standards define financially literate as being able to read and
understand fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. 

In
addition, we must certify to Nasdaq that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience
in finance or accounting, requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results
in the individual s financial sophistication. The board of directors has determined that Pin Tai qualified as an audit committee
financial expert, as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC. 

21 

Nominating
Committee 

We
have established a nominating committee of the board of directors, which consists of Jonathan McKeage, Pin Tai, and Nan Sun, each of
whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Nan Sun is the Chairperson of the nominating committee. The nominating
committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee
considers persons identified by its members, management, stockholders, investment bankers and others. 

Guidelines
for Selecting Director Nominees 

The
guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should
 have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should
 possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution
 to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds
 to its deliberations; and 

should
 have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication
 to serving the interests of the stockholders. 

The
nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity
and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require
certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and
will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The board of
directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking
proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders).
Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our certificate
of incorporation. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons. 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of the board of directors, which consists of Jonathan McKeage, Pin Tai, and Nan Sun, each of
whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Jonathan McKeage is the Chairperson of the compensation committee.
The compensation committee s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief
 Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance
 in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if
 any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

22 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit
 arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

if
 required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy
 statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to
any of our existing stockholders, including our directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render
in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial
business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements
to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

Code of
Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of conduct and ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities
laws. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics as an exhibit to our Registration Statement on Form S-1. You will be able to review
these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of
Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions
of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

In
general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business
opportunities to a corporation if: 

the
 corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the
 opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it
 would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought
 to the attention of the corporation. 

In
relation to the foregoing, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that: 

we
 renounce any interest or expectancy in, or being offered an opportunity to participate in,
 any business opportunities that are presented to us or our officers or directors or stockholders
 or affiliates thereof, including but not limited to, our initial stockholders and its affiliates,
 except as may be prescribed by any written agreement with us; and 

our
 officers and directors will not be liable to our company or our stockholders for monetary
 damages for breach of any fiduciary duty by reason of any of our activities or any of our
 initial stockholders or its affiliates to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law. 

Each
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to
such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for
an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor these fiduciary obligations
under applicable law. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity
offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director
or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be
reasonable for us to pursue. 

23 

The
following table summarizes the relevant pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations of our officers and directors: 

Name
 of Individual 
 
 Name
 of Affiliated Company 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Priority/Preference
 relative to 
 Goldenstone Acquisition Limited 
 
 Eddie Ni 
 
 Windfall Group 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 Windfall Group 
 
 Ray Chen 
 
 Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited 
 
 Yongsheng Liu 
 
 Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 Goldenbridge Acquisition Limited 
 
 Jonathan McKeage 
 
 American Education Center, Inc. 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 American Education Center, Inc. 
 
 Nan Sun 
 
 H-Bar Continuous Cast Iron Corp 
 
 General Manager 
 
 H-Bar Continuous Cast Iron Corp 

Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None
 of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs and,
 accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business
 activities. 

Our
 sponsors, executive officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with
 respect to their founder shares and any public shares they hold in connection with the consummation
 of our initial business combination. Additionally, our sponsors, executive officers and directors
 have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares if we fail
 to consummate our initial business combination within 15 months after the closing of the
 IPO, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with
 respect to any public shares they hold. If we do not complete our initial business combination
 within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement units
 will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement units
 will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable,
 assignable or salable by our initial stockholders until the earlier of (1) one year after
 the completion of our initial business combination and (2) the date on which we consummate
 a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization, or other similar transaction
 after our initial business combination that results in all of our stockholders having the
 right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding
 the foregoing, if the last sale price of our common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share
 (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the
 like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days
 after our initial business combination, the founder shares will be released from the lock-up.
 With certain limited exceptions, the private placement units and the securities underlying
 such units will not be transferable, assignable or salable by our initial stockholders until
 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our initial stockholders
 and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following
 the IPO, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether
 a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial
 business combination. 

Our
 officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular
 business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was
 included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial
 business combination. 

Our
 initial stockholders, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect
 to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from
 our initial stockholders or an affiliate of our initial stockholders or any of our officers
 or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business
 combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be, at the option of the lender, convertible
 into placement units at a price of 1.00 per unit. Such units would be identical to the private
 placement units, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

Our
 initial stockholders, officers and directors may be owed reimbursement for expenses incurred
 in connection with certain activities on our behalf which would only be repaid if we complete
 an initial business combination. 

24 

The
conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our initial stockholders, officers
or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent
directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting
firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

In
the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsors, executive officers, and
directors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased in or after the IPO in favor of our initial business
combination. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent
authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors,
except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted by the DGCL. 

We
will enter into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification
provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to maintain insurance on behalf of any
officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such
indemnification. We will obtain a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors
against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify
our officers and directors. 

These
provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We
believe that these provisions, the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary
to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

ITEM
11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Executive
Officers and Director Compensation 

No
executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting
or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates,
prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals
will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential
target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket
expenses and there will be no review of the reasonableness of the expenses by anyone other than our board of directors and audit committee,
which includes persons who may seek reimbursement, or a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is challenged. 

25 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth as of May 31, 2023 the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known
by us to be the beneficial owner of more than five percent of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (ii) each of our officers
and directors; and (iii) all of our officers and directors as a group. As of May 31, 2023, we had 7,596,250 shares of common stock issued
and outstanding. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any shares of common
stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants or in connection with the rights, as the warrants and rights are not exercisable within
60 days of May 31, 2023. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number
 of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate 
 Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 Eddie Ni (2) 
 1,217,975 
 16.03 
 
 Ray Chen (3) 
 187,813 

Yongsheng Liu (4) 
 187,812 

Jonathan McKeage 
 15,000 

Pin Tai 
 15,000 

Nan Sun 
 15,000 

All directors and executive officers (six individuals)
 as a group 
 1,623,600 
 21.37 

5 Stockholders 

Feis Equities, LLC (5) 
 499,000 
 6.57 
 
 Space Summit Capital LLC (6) 
 495,000 
 6.52 
 
 Goldenstone Capital, LLC 
 842,350 
 11.09 

Less
 than 1 . 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise
 indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is c/o Goldenstone Acquisition Limited, 4360 E New York St., Aurora, IL
 60504. 

(2) 
 Consists of 842,350 shares
 owned by Goldenstone Capital, LLC, currently controlled by Eddie Ni, 200,000 shares owned by Goldenstone Holding, LLC and 175,625
 shares included in private placement units purchased by Goldenstone Holding, LLC. 
 
 (3) 
 Ray Chen owns and
 controls such shares through Raymond Charles Holding, LLC. 
 
 (4) 
 Yongsheng Liu owns
 and controls such shares through Asia Pacific Capital Management Limited. 
 
 (5) 
 Based on a Schedule
 13G filed with the SEC on March 23, 2022. Lawrence M. Feis has voting and investment power over these shares. The address of the
 reporting person is 20 North Wacker Drive, Suite 2115, Chicago, Illinois 60606 
 
 (6) 
 Based on a Scheduled
 13G filed with the SEC on March 18, 2022. Keith Fleischmann has voting and investments power over these shares. The address of the
 reporting person is 15455 Albright Street, Pacific Palisades, CA 90272 

26 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

In
March 2021, the Company issued 1,437,500 shares of common to our initial stockholders, which we refer to throughout this Form 10-K as
the insider shares, for an aggregate purchase price of 25,874, or approximately 0.018 per share. In January 2022, in
connection with the possible increase in the size of the offering, the Company declared a 20 stock dividend on each outstanding share.
This resolution was subsequently rescinded and no additional shares were issued. 

Our
sponsor purchased from us an aggregate of 325,000 private units at 10.00 per private unit (for a total purchase price of 3,250,000).
These purchases will take place on a private placement basis simultaneously with the consummation of this offering. All of the proceeds
we receive from these purchases will be placed in the trust account described below. Our sponsor has also agreed that if the over-allotment
option is exercised by the underwriters, they will purchase from us at a price of 10.00 per private unit an additional number of private
units (up to a maximum of 26,250 private units) pro rata with the amount of the over-allotment option exercised so that at least
 10.15 per share sold to the public in this offering is held in trust regardless of whether the over-allotment option is exercised in
full or part. These additional private units will be purchased in a private placement that will occur simultaneously with the purchase
of units resulting from the exercise of the over-allotment option. The private units are identical to the units sold in this offering
except as otherwise described in this Form 10-K. The purchasers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private units
or the underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees as the insider shares) until the completion of our initial business
combination. 

If
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business
of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or
contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity. Our officers and directors currently have
certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

In
March 2021, our sponsor agreed to loan us 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of this offering pursuant to a promissory
note. As of December 31, 2021, our sponsor had loaned us an aggregate of 154,126 to be used to pay formation expenses and a portion
of the expenses of this offering. The loan is payable without interest on the date on which at the earlier of (1) April 30, 2022 or (2)
we consummate our initial public offering. 

We
are obligated, commencing on the closing date of the offering and for 12 months, to pay our sponsor s affiliate and officers, a
total monthly fee of 25,000. The payment is for general and administrative services including office space, utilities, secretarial support
and officers services to us. Specifically, 2,000 will be paid to our sponsor s affiliate, Windfall Plaza Management, LLC,
for the office space, utilities, and secretarial support; 10,000, 8,000 and 5,000 will be paid to Mr. Yongsheng Liu, Mr. Eddie Ni,
and Mr. Ray Chen respectively. However, pursuant to the terms of such agreement, we may delay payment of such monthly fee upon a determination
by our audit committee that we lack sufficient funds held outside the trust to pay actual or anticipated expenses in connection with
our initial business combination. Any such unpaid amount will accrue without interest and be due and payable no later than the date of
the consummation of our initial business combination. 

Other
than the foregoing, no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect
of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior
to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their
affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

27 

If
needed to finance transaction costs in connection with searching for a target business or consummating an intended initial business combination,
our initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. In
the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account
to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Such loans would be evidenced
by promissory notes. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, without interest, or, at the
lender s discretion, up to 600,000 of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our business combination into private units
at a price of 10.00 per unit. Our stockholders have approved the issuance of the units and underlying securities upon conversion of
such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert them at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination. If
we do not complete a business combination, the loans would be repaid out of funds not held in the trust account, and only to the extent
available. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. 

We
have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to insider shares, the private units and its underlying securities, the
units issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing. 

Related
Party Policy 

We
have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions
approved by our Board of Directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under
our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any
indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. A form of our code of ethics was filed as an exhibit to the registration
statement in connection with our IPO. 

In
addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter that we will adopt prior to the consummation of this offering, will be responsible
for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority
of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related
party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous
written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. A form of the audit
committee charter that was adopted was filed as an exhibit to the registration statement in connection with our IPO. We also require
each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information
about related party transactions. 

These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a
conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

To
further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated
with any of our insiders, officers or directors unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm and the
approval of a majority of our disinterested and independent directors (if we have any at that time) that the business combination is
fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments
will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection
with the completion of our initial business combination. However, the following payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors,
or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of this offering held in the trust account prior to the completion
of our initial business combination: 

repayment
 of an aggregate of up to 300,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related
 and organizational expenses; 

reimbursement
 for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial
 business combination; and 

repayment
 of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our
 officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial
 business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements
 been executed with respect thereto. Up to 600,000 of such working capital loans may be convertible
 into units at a price of 10.00 per unit at the option of the lender. 

28 

Our
audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive officer
and director compensation. 

In
connection with the IPO, we entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares and private placement units
(and underlying securities). 

Policy
for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

The
audit committee of our board of directors has adopted a policy setting forth the policies and procedures for its review and approval
or ratification of related party transactions. Pursuant to the policy, the audit committee will consider (i) the relevant
facts and circumstances of each related party transaction, including if the transaction is on terms comparable to those that could be
obtained in arm s-length dealings with an unrelated third party, (ii) the extent of the related party s interest in the transaction,
(iii) whether the transaction contravenes our code of ethics or other policies, (iv) whether the audit committee believes the relationship
underlying the transaction to be in the best interests of the company and its stockholders and (v) the effect that the transaction may
have on a director s status as an independent member of the board and on his or her eligibility to serve on the board s committees.
Management will present to the audit committee each proposed related party transaction, including all relevant facts and circumstances
relating thereto. Under the policy, we may consummate related party transactions only if our audit committee approves or ratifies the
transaction in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the policy. The policy will not permit any director or executive officer to
participate in the discussion of, or decision concerning, a related person transaction in which he or she is the related party. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

During
the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 the firms, of Marcum Asia, the Company s current independent registered public accounting
firm, and previously Marcum and Friedman, acted as our principal independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary
of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum Asia, Marcum, and Friedman for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements
and services that are currently provided by Marcum Asia, and previously provided by Marcum and Friedman, in connection with regulatory
filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum Asia, Marcum, and Friedman for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual
financial statements, and other required filings with the SEC for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 totaled 66,000 and
 70,000, respectively. This amount includes interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees. We did not pay Marcum Asia, Marcum or Friedman for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards
for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Tax
Fees. We did not pay Marcum Asia, Marcum or Friedman for tax planning and tax advice for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023
and 2022. 

All
Other Fees. We did not pay Marcum Asia, Marcum or Friedman for other services for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Pre-Approval
of Services 

Since
our audit committee had not yet been formed when the work commenced in 2020, the audit committee was not able to pre-approve all of the
foregoing services, although all such services were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and
on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed
for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in
the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

29 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The
 following are filed with this report: 

(1) 
 The financial statements listed on the Financial Statements 
 Table of Contents 

(2) 
 Not applicable 

(b) Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed with this report. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained from the SEC s
website at sec.gov. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting
 Agreement, dated March 16, 2022 by and between the Company and Maxim Group LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current
 Report on Form 8-K dated March 16, 2022) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form
 8-K dated March 16, 2022) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws
 of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with
 the Securities Exchange Commission on June 21, 2021) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities 
 Exchange Commission on June 21, 2021) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen
 Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities
 Exchange Commission on June 21, 2021) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen
 Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities
 Exchange Commission on June 21, 2021) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Specimen
 Right Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities 
 Exchange Commission on June 21, 2021) 

4.5 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement, dated March 16, 2022 between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 16, 2022 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
 
 4.6 
 
 Rights
 Agreement, dated March 16, 2022 between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 16, 2022 and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission 
 
 4.7 
 
 Description
 of Securities - Filed as exhibit 4.7 to Form 10-K on 6/29/2022 

30 

10.1 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated March 16, 2022, among the Registrant and its officers, directors and initial stockholders, (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 16, 2022) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment
 Management Trust Agreement, dated March 16, 2022, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Registrant. (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 16, 2022) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Stock
 Escrow Agreement, dated March 16, 2022, by and among the Company, its initial stockholders and Continental Stock Transfer Trust
 Company as escrow agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 16, 2022) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated March 16, 2022, among the Registrant and certain security holders of the Registrant (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 16, 2022) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Administrative
 Support Agreement, dated March 16, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Bannix Management (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 16, 2022) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Unit
 Purchase Option, dated March 21, 2022 by and between the Registrant and Maxim Group LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7
 to the Current Report on Form 8-K dated March 16, 2022) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Joint
 Agreement to Terminate Merger Agreement, dated September 30, 2022, by and among Roxe Holding Inc, Goldenstone Acquisition Limited
 Filed as exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K on 10/5/2022 
 
 10.9 
 
 Merger
 Agreement, dated June 21, 2022 by and among Roxe Holding Inc, Goldenstone Acquisition Limited, Goldenstone Merger Sub, Inc. and Amazon
 Capital Inc. Filed as exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K on 6/27/2022 
 
 14 
 
 Code
 of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities Exchange
 Commission on June 21, 2021) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certificate
 of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None 

31 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

GOLDENSTONE ACQUISITION LIMITED 

Dated: July 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Eddie Ni 

Name: 
 Eddie Ni 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ Eddie
 Ni 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive
 Officer 
 
 July 14, 2023 
 
 Eddie Ni 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Ray Chen 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 July 14, 2023 
 
 Ray Chen 
 
 (Principal Accounting and
 Financial Officer) 

/s/ Jonathan
 McKeage 

Jonathan McKeage 
 
 Director 
 
 July 14, 2023 

/s/ Pin Tai 

Pin Tai 
 
 Director 
 
 July 14, 2023 

/s/ Nan Sun 

Nan Sun 
 
 Director 
 
 July 14, 2023 

32 

GOLDENSTONE
ACQUISITION LIMITED 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Marcum Asia CPAs LLP (PCAOB ID: F-2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Friedman LLP (PCAOB ID: 711) F-3 Balance Sheets F-4 Statements of Operations F-5 Statements of Changes in Stockholders (Deficit) Equity F-6 Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Glodenstone Acquisition Limited 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Glodenstone Acquisition Limited (the Company as of March 31, 2023, the related statements of operations, changes in
stockholders (deficit) equity and cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to
as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of March 31, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2023,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has a significant
working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its
operations. The Company s liquidation date is less than one year from the date of the financial statements is issued. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are
also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum Asia CPAs LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2023. 

July 14, 2023 

Firm ID#: 5395 

F- 2 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

Goldenstone Acquisition Limited 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet
of Goldenstone Acquisition Limited (the Company as of March 31, 2022, the related statements of operations, changes in
stockholders (deficit) equity and cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2022 and the related notes (collectively referred to
as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of March 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Friedman LLP 

Friedman LLP 

We served as the Company s auditor from 2021 to 2022. 

New York, NY 

June 29, 2022 

F- 3 

GOLDENSTONE
ACQUISITION LIMITED 

BALANCE
SHEETS 

March 31, 
 March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current
 assets: 

Cash 

Dividend
 receivable 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid
 expenses 

Total
 current assets 

Investments
 held in Trust Account 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES,
 TEMPORARY EQUITY, AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Current
 liabilities: 

Accrued
 expenses 

Working
 capital loan - related party 
 
 - 
 
 Due
 to related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Business
 combination deposits 
 
 - 
 
 Income
 tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Franchise
 tax payable 

Total
 current liabilities 

Deferred
 tax liability 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred
 underwriting discounts and commissions 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES 

Commitments
 and contingencies 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, shares at accretion carrying value with redemption value of and per share as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Stockholders 
 (deficit) equity: 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 

Additional
 paid-in capital 
 - 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders (deficit) equity 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES, TEMPORARY EQUITY, AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

GOLDENSTONE
ACQUISITION LIMITED 

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the 
 For the 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

March
 31, 
 2023 
 March
 31, 
 2022 

Formation
 and operating costs 

Franchise
 tax expenses 

Loss
 from operations 

Other
 income: 

Interest
 earned on investment held in Trust Account 

Income
 (loss) before income taxes 

Income
 taxes provision 
 
 - 

Net
 income (loss) 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share, common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock attributable to Goldenstone Acquisition Limited 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, common stock attributable to Goldenstone Acquisition Limited 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

GOLDENSTONE
ACQUISITION LIMITED 

STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Common
 Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
 Stockholders 
 (Deficit) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance
 - March 31, 2021 

Sale
 of public units through public offering 

- 

Sale
 of private placement units 

- 

Issuance of representative
 shares 

- 

Sale
 of unit purchase options 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Fair
 value of unit purchase options 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Underwriters 
 discount 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Other
 offering expenses 

- 

Reclassification
 of common stock subject to redemption 

- 

Proceeds
 allocated to public warrants and public rights 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Allocation
 of offering costs to common stock subject to redemption 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Accretion
 of initial measurement of common stock subject to redemption value 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 - March 31, 2022 

Accretion
 of initial measurement of common stock subject to redemption value 
 - 
 - 

Accretion
 of subsequent measurement of common stock subject to redemption value 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net
 income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance
 - March 31, 2023 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

GOLDENSTONE
ACQUISITION LIMITED 

STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

For the 
 For the 

Year Ended 
 Year Ended 

March
 31, 
 2023 
 March
 31, 
 2022 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income
 (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile
 net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on investment
 held in Trust Account 

Deferred tax expense 
 
 - 
 
 Change in operating
 assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accrued expenses 

Due to related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Income tax payable 
 
 - 
 
 Franchise
 tax payable 

Net
 Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing
 Activities: 

Deposit of cash held
 in Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Purchase of investment
 held in Trust Account 
 - 

Withdrawal
 of investment held in Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Net
 Cash Used in Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing
 Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of
 public units through public offering 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of
 private placement units 
 - 

Proceeds from sale of
 unit purchase options 
 - 

Payment of underwriters 
 discount and commissions 
 - 

Proceeds from issuance
 of promissory note to related party 
 - 

Repayments of promissory
 note to related party 
 - 

Proceeds from working
 capital loan from related party 
 
 - 
 
 Business combination
 deposits 
 
 - 
 
 Payments
 of deferred offering costs 
 - 

Net
 Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash
 at beginning of year 

Cash
 at end of year 

Supplemental Disclosure
 of Non-cash Financing Activities 

Deferred
 underwriting discounts and commissions 
 - 

Offering
 costs charged against additional paid-in capital 
 - 

Issuance of representative
 shares 
 - 

Fair
 value of unit purchase options 
 - 

Reclassification
 of common stock subject to redemption 
 - 

Proceeds
 allocated to public warrants and public rights 
 - 

Allocation
 of offering costs to common stock subject to redemption 
 - 

Accretion
 of initial measurement of common stock subject to redemption value 

Accretion
 of subsequent measurement of common stock subject to redemption value 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 7 

GOLDENSTONE
ACQUISITION LIMITED 

NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units, which includes 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company completed the private sale of units (the Private Units to the Sponsor, Ray Chen, our Chief Financial Officer, and Yongsheng Liu, our Chief Operating Officer, each through their respective
affiliated entities. The Private Units were sold at a purchase price of per Private Unit, generating gross
proceeds to the Company of . The Private Units are identical to the Public Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except
that the holders of the Private Units have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units and the underlying securities
(except to certain permitted transferees) until the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. 

The
Company also issued shares of Common Stock (the Representative Shares to Maxim Group LLC and/or its designees Maxim as part of representative compensation. The representative shares are identical to the Common Stock sold as part of the Public Units,
except that Maxim Group LLC has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such representative shares until the completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination. In addition, Maxim Group LLC has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares
in connection with the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within 12 months
(or up to 21 months if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination) from the effective date of its registration
statement. The shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately
following the commencement of sales of the offering pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRA s Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1),
these securities may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated nor may they be the subject of any hedging, short sale,
derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180
days immediately following the commencement of sales of this offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in
the offering and their officers or partners, registered persons or affiliates. The Company used a Black-Scholes option-pricing Model
that values the Representative Shares granted to Maxim Group LLC and/or its designees. The key inputs into the Binomial model were (i)
risk- free interest rate of , (ii) volatility of , (iii) expected life of 1 year, and (iv) probability of business combination.
According to the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, the fair value of the Representative Shares was approximately or
 per share. 

F- 8 

, a Unit Purchase Option UPO to purchase Units exercisable at per
Unit, for an aggregate exercise price of , commencing on the later of the first anniversary of the effective date of the registration
statement related to the Initial Public Offering and the consummation of a Business Combination. The UPO may be exercised for cash or
on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and expires five years from the effective date of the registration statement related
to the Initial Public Offering. The Units issuable upon exercise of the option are identical to those offered in the Initial Public Offering.
The Company accounted for the unit purchase option, inclusive of the receipt of the cash payment and the fair value of ,
or per Unit, as an expense of the Initial Public Offering resulting in a charge directly to stockholders equity. The fair
value of the UPO granted to Maxim was estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of ,
(2) risk-free interest rate of , (3) expected life of years and (4) probability of successful combination. 

Transaction
costs amounted to , consisting of of underwriting discounts and commissions, of deferred underwriting
discounts and commissions, of other offering costs, fair value of the representative shares and fair
value of the UPO considered as part of the transaction costs. 

Following
the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the issuance and the sale of Private Units on March 21, 2022, per
Public Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Public Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Units was placed
in a trust account (the Trust Account maintained by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC as a trustee and
invested the proceeds in U.S. government treasury bills, bonds or notes having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds
meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940 and that invest solely in United
States government treasuries, so that we are not deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held
in the trust account will not be released until the earlier of: (1) the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination
within the required time period and (2) its redemption of of the outstanding public shares if the Company has not completed a Business
Combination in the required time period. Therefore, unless and until the Company s initial Business Combination is consummated,
the proceeds held in the trust account will not be available for the Company s use for any expenses related to the Initial Public
Offering or expenses which the Company may incur related to the investigation and selection of a target business and the negotiation
of an agreement in connection with its initial Business Combination. 

The
Company will provide its public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion
of an initial Business Combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account as of two business days prior to the consummation of its initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds
held in the trust account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, subject to certain limitations. The amount in the Trust Account is initially anticipated to be per public share. The per-share
amount the Company will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by deferred underwriting commissions
the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 6). The common stock subject to redemption is being recorded at a redemption
value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with Accounting Standards
Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 

The
Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation
of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor
of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business
or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, offer such redemption pursuant
to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file tender offer documents containing substantially
the same information as would be included in a proxy statement with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. 

F- 9 

per share), plus any pro rata interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account. 

The
Company s initial stockholders (the initial stockholders have agreed (a) to vote the founders shares and the common
stock Insider Shares underlying the Private Units (the Private Shares and any Public Shares purchased
during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination, (b) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment
to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would stop the public stockholders from converting or selling
their shares to the Company in connection with a Business Combination or affect the substance or timing of the Company s obligation
to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period unless the
Company provides dissenting public stockholders with the opportunity to convert their Public Shares into the right to receive cash from
the Trust Account in connection with any such vote; (c) not to convert any Insider Shares and Private Units (including underlying securities)
(as well as any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering) into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account
in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a Business Combination (or sell any shares in a tender offer in connection with a Business
Combination) or a vote to amend the provisions of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation relating to stockholders 
rights of pre-Business Combination activity and (d) that the Insider Shares and Private Units (including underlying securities) shall
not participate in any liquidating distributions upon winding up if a Business Combination is not consummated. However, the initial stockholders
will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Public Shares purchased during or after the
Initial Public Offering if the Company fails to complete its Business Combination. 

The
Company will have until 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. However, if the Company anticipates that it may not
be able to consummate a Business Combination within 12 months, the Company may, but is not obligated to, extend the period of time to
consummate a Business Combination three times by an additional three months each time (for a total of up to 21 months to complete a Business
Combination) (the Combination Period ). In order to extend the time available for the Company to consummate a Business Combination,
the initial stockholders or their affiliates or designees must deposit into the Trust Account per share in either case),
on or prior to the applicable deadline, for each three month extension (or up to an aggregate of (or if the underwriters 
over-allotment option is exercised in full), or per share if the Company extends for the full nine months). 

If
the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem of
the outstanding Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account,
including interest earned (net of taxes payable, and less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number
of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including
the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate
and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other
applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s public warrants,
public rights, or private rights. The warrants and rights will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete its initial Business
Combination within the 12-month time period (or up to 21 months from the closing of Initial Public Offering if the Company extends the
period of time to consummate a Business Combination by the full amount of time). The underwriters have agreed to waive its rights to
the deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available
to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets
remaining available for distribution will be less than . 

F- 10 

per public share
or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a
third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under the Company s
indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third
party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company will seek to reduce
the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors,
service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the
Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Termination
of the Merger Agreement 

On
June 21, 2022, the Company entered into a Merger Agreement (the Agreement by and among Roxe Holding Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Target ), the Company, Goldenstone Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation Merger Sub and wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company, and Amazon Capital Inc., solely in its capacity as representative, agent and attorney-in-fact of the Target
Securityholders (the Securityholder Representative ), pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into the Target (the
 Merger with the Target as the surviving corporation of the merger and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.
In connection with the Merger, the Company will change its name to Roxe Holding Group Inc. The Board of Directors of the
Company (the Board has unanimously (i) approved and declared advisable the Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated thereby and (ii) resolved to recommend approval of the Agreement and related matters by the stockholders of the Company.
Effective September 30, 2022, the Company and the Target entered into a Joint Agreement to Terminate Merger Agreement (the Termination
Agreement ). The termination was by mutual agreement of the Company and the Target pursuant to Section 10.1(c) of the Agreement
and no termination fee or other payment is due to either party from the other as a result of the termination. 

Extension
of the Deadline to Complete an Initial Business Combination 

Pursuant
to the terms of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the Investment Management Trust Agreement between the Company
and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC Continental ), the Company may elect to extend the time available
to consummate our initial business combination, provided that our sponsor or its affiliates or designees must, upon ten days advance
notice prior to the applicable deadline, deposit into the trust account per share) on or prior to the date of the applicable
deadline, for each three month extension (or up to an aggregate of , or per share if we extend for the full nine months)
ten days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline. 

On
March 14, 2023, the Company announced that it had extended the period of time by which it may complete an initial business combination
by an additional three months (the Extension ). In accordance with its amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
a deposit of was made into the trust account established at the time of the Company's initial public offering for the benefit
of the public stockholders. Pursuant to the Extension, the new deadline for completion of an initial business combination was extended
to June 21, 2023. 

On
June 20, 2023, the Company announced that it had extended the period of time by which it may complete an initial business combination
by an additional three months (the Second Extension ). In accordance with its amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
on June 14, 2023, a deposit of was made into to the trust account established at the time of the Company s initial public
offering for the benefit of the public stockholders. Pursuant to the Second Extension, the new deadline for completion of an initial
business combination is September 21, 2023. 

Liquidity
and Going Concern 

As
of March 31, 2023, the Company had in cash held outside its Trust Account available for the Company s payment of expenses
related to working capital purposes subsequent to the Initial Public Offering and working deficit of . 

In
connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s
Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, management has determined that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. The management s plan in addressing this uncertainty is through the Working Capital Loans, as defined
below (see Note 6). In addition, if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period by September
21, 2023, the Company s board of directors would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of
the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the
Combination Period. As a result, management has determined that such condition raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern. The financial statements does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this
uncertainty. 

F- 11 

excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded U.S.
domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1,
2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount
of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes
of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against
the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The
U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry
out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in
connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the
Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise would depend on a number
of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension
or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances
in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same
taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because
the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax
have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and
in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

F- 12 

and , respectively, of the assets held in the Trust Account were held in money market
funds, which are invested in U.S. Treasury securities. 

F- 13 

and , respectively, with unrecognized accretion of and , respectively, remaining. 

consisting principally of underwriting, legal, accounting and other expenses that are directly related to the IPO and charged to stockholders 
equity upon the completion of the IPO. 

million and million,
respectively, was over the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) limit. 

F- 14 

F- 15 

shares in the calculation of diluted net income (loss) per share, since the exercise of the Warrants is contingent
upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such Warrants would be anti-dilutive and the Company did not have any other
dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into Common Stock and then share in the earnings
of the Company. As a result, diluted income (loss) per share is the same as basic (income) loss per share for the period presented. 

Accretion
 of initial measurement of common stock subject to redemption value 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 Allocation
 of net income (loss) 

Denominators: 

Weighted-average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share 

F- 16 

and , respectively, in cash and
money market funds which are invested in U.S. Treasury Securities. 

The
following table presents information about the Company s assets that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at March 31,
2023 and 2022 and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation inputs the Company utilized to determine such fair value: 

- 
 
 Trust Account - U.S. Treasury Securities
 Money Market Fund 
 1 

units, which includes the full exercise of the underwriters 
over-allotment option. The units were sold at a price of per unit, resulting in total gross proceeds of . 
 The exercise price of the warrants
is per full share. The warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Company s initial
Business Combination or 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, and will expire five years after the completion of
the Company s initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 17 

public shares sold as part of the Public Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature which allows
for the redemption of such public shares if there is a stockholder vote or tender offer in connection with the Business Combination and
in connection with certain amendments to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or in connection with
the Company s liquidation. In accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and its staff s
guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has been codified in ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control
of the Company require Common Stock subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. 

The
Company s redeemable Common Stock is subject to SEC and its staff s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, which has
been codified in ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either
accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the
instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or to recognize changes in the redemption
value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting
period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes over the period from the date of issuance to the earliest redemption date of
the instrument of twelve months. The accretion or remeasurement is treated as a deemed dividend (i.e., a reduction to retained earnings,
or in absence of retained earnings, additional paid-in capital). 

As
of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the common stock reflected on the balance sheet is reconciled in the following table. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to
 public warrants 

Offering costs of public
 shares 

Plus: 

Accretion
 of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject
 to possible redemption 

units (the Private Units to the Sponsor, Ray Chen, our Chief Financial Officer, and Yongsheng Liu, our Chief Operating Officer, each through their respective
affiliated entities. The Private Units were sold at a purchase price of per Private Unit, generating gross
proceeds to the Company of . The Private Units are identical to the Public Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except
that the holders of the Private Units have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units and the underlying securities
(except to certain permitted transferees) until the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. 

F- 18 

shares of the Company s common stock (the Insider Shares ), for an aggregate
purchase price of , or approximately per share. On January 4, 2022, in connection with the increase in the size of the
offering, the Company declared a stock dividend on each outstanding share. This resolution was rescinded and no additional shares
were issued. 

As
of March 31, 2023 and 2022, there were Insider Shares issued and outstanding. All share and per share information have been
retroactively adjusted to reflect as if the Insider Shares were issued as of the beginning of the period presented. 

The
initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Insider Shares (except to certain permitted transferees)
until the earlier of 180 days after the completion of our initial business combination or the date on which we complete a liquidation,
merger, stock exchange or other similar transactions after our initial business combination that results in all of our public stockholders
having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

On
March 21, 2022, the Company completed the private sale of Private Units to the Sponsor, Ray Chen, our Chief Financial Officer,
and Yongsheng Liu, our Chief Operating Officer, each through their respective affiliated entities, generating gross proceeds to the Company
of (See Note 5). 

Promissory
Note Related Party 

On
March 23, 2021, Goldenstone Holding, LLC, one of the Company s initial stockholders, has agreed to loan the Company up to 
to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. This loan is non-interest bearing, unsecured and is due at the
earlier of (1) September 30, 2021 or (2) the closing of the Initial Public Offering. On January 4, 2022, the maturity date of the loan
was extended to the earlier of (1) March 1, 2022 or (2) the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In March 2022, the maturity date
of the loan was extended to the earlier of (1) April 30, 2022 or (2) the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The full amount of the
 balance was repaid on March 21, 2022. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had no borrowings under the promissory note
 related party. 

Working
Capital Loans 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with searching for a target business or consummating an intended initial
business combination, the initial stockholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds
as may be required. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital
held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment.
Such loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination,
without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of the notes may be converted upon consummation of the Company s
business combination into private units at a price of per unit. 

As
of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had and of borrowings under the working capital loans. 

F- 19 

per share) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline,
for each three month extension (or up to an aggregate of , or per share if the Company extends for the full nine months).
Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan. Any such loans will be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation
of its initial Business Combination. If the Company completes its initial Business Combination, the Company would either repay such loaned
amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to the Company, or up to of such loans may be convertible into private
units at a price of per unit at the option of the lender. 

As
of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had no borrowings under the extension loans. 

Administrative
Services Agreement and Service Fees 

The
Company is obligated, commencing from the closing of the Initial Public Offering and for 12 months, to pay the sponsor s affiliate
and officers of the Company, a monthly fee of for general and administrative services including office space, utilities, secretarial
support and officers services to the Company. The Administrative Services Agreement and the service fees to be paid to the officers
will terminate upon completion of the Company s Business Combination or the liquidation of the trust account to public stockholders.
For the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company has recognized and , respectively, of administrative service fee,
which is included in formation and operating costs on the statement of operations. 

Representative
Shares 

The
Company issued shares of Common Stock (the Representative Shares to Maxim as part of representative compensation.
The Representative Shares are identical to the Common Stock sold as part of the Public Units, except that Maxim Group LLC has agreed
not to transfer, assign or sell any such representative shares until the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination.
In addition, Maxim Group LLC has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion
of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account
with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within 12 months (or up to 21 months if
the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination) from the effective date of its registration statement. The
shares have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the
commencement of sales of the offering pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRA s Rules. 

F- 20 

of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or until the
closing of the Business Combination. The deferred fee can be paid in cash, stock or a combination of both (at the underwriter s
discretion). Any stock issued as a part of the deferred fee will be issued to the underwriters at the value per share in the Company s
Trust Account, subject to any additional increases in the amount in trust per the Company s trust extensions. Stock to be issued
to the underwriters will have unlimited piggyback registration rights and the same rights afforded other holders of the Company s
common stock. 

The
underwriters have agreed to waive its rights to the deferred underwriting commission of of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public
Offering, or , held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period. 

Unit
Purchase Option 

F- 21 

The Company will bear all fees and expenses attendant
to registering the securities, other than underwriting commissions which will be paid for by the holders themselves. The exercise price
and number of units issuable upon exercise of the option may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend,
or the Company s recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the option will not be adjusted for issuances
of common stock at a price below its exercise price. 

shares of common stock, par value per share. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, there
were shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Rights 

As
of March 31, 2023 and 2022, there were Public Rights and Private Rights outstanding. Except
in cases where the Company is not the surviving company in a Business Combination, each holder of a right will automatically receive
one-tenth (1/10) of one share of common stock upon consummation of its initial Business Combination. In the event the Company will not
be the surviving company upon completion of its initial Business Combination, each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively
convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one-tenth (1/10) of a share underlying each right upon consummation of the Business
Combination. The Company will not issue fractional shares in connection with an exchange of rights. Fractional shares will either be
rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Delaware law. As a
result, the holder must hold rights in multiples of 10 in order to receive shares for all of their rights upon closing of a Business
Combination. If the Company is unable to complete an initial Business Combination within the required time period and the Company redeems
the public shares for the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds for their rights and
the rights will expire worthless. The Company accounted for the rights issued with the IPO as equity instruments in accordance
with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging: Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity . The Company accounted for the rights as an expense of the IPO resulting in a charge directly to stockholders 
equity. The Company estimates that the fair value of the rights is approximately million, or per Unit, using the Black-Scholes
Option Pricing Model. The fair value of the rights is estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected
volatility of , (2) risk-free interest rate of , (3) expected life of year, (4) exercise price of and (5) stock price
of . 

F- 22 

Public Warrants and Private Warrants outstanding. 
Each redeemable warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one-half (1/2) of one share of common stock at a price of per
full share, subject to adjustment as described in this prospectus. The warrants will become exercisable on the later of the completion
of an initial Business Combination and 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. However, no public warrants will be
exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the issuance of the common stock
issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to such common stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration
statement covering the issuance of the common stock issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective within 90 days from
the closing of the Company s initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration
statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless
basis pursuant to an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. If an exemption from registration is not available,
holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. The warrants will expire from the closing of the
Company s initial Business Combination at 5:00 p.m., New York City time or earlier redemption. 

In
addition, if (x) the Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection
with the closing of the Company s initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per
share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors), (y) the aggregate gross
proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of
the Company s initial Business Combination, and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s common stock
during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination
(such price, the Market Price is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest
cent) to be equal to of the Market Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described below will be adjusted (to
the nearest cent) to be equal to of the Market Value. 

The
Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

If
the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the
Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. In such event, each holder would pay
the exercise price by surrendering the whole warrants for that number of shares of common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
(x) the product of the number of shares of common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price
of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value 
shall mean the average reported last sale price of the common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to
the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

F- 23 

warrants issued with the IPO as equity instruments in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity and ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging: Contracts in Entity s Own Equity . The Company
accounted for the warrant as an expense of the IPO resulting in a charge directly to stockholders equity. The Company estimates
that the fair value of the warrants is approximately million, or per Warrant, using the Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model.
The fair value of the warrants is estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of ,
(2) risk-free interest rate of , (3) expected life of years, (4) exercise price of and (5) stock price of . 

State 

Deferred 

Federal 

State 

Income tax provision 

A
reconciliation of the statutory federal income tax rate to the Company s effective tax rate is as follows: 

Change in valuation
 allowance 

Effective tax rate 

F- 24 

Deferred tax liability: 

Accrued
 dividend income 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liability,
 net 

As
of March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had and of U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets on start-up/organization
costs carryovers available to offset future taxable income over the period of 180 months upon the consummation of the Business Combination.
In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all
of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible.
Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making
this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with
respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance of and 
as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The valuation allowance increased by from March 31, 2022 to March 31, 2023. 

F-25 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2023ex31-1_goldenstone.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Eddie Ni, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Goldenstone
Acquisition Limited; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; and 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: July 14, 2023 

/s/ Eddie Ni 

Eddie Ni 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2023ex31-2_goldenstone.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ray Chen, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Goldenstone
Acquisition Limited; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; and 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: July 14, 2023 

/s/ Ray Chen 

Ray Chen 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2023ex32-1_goldenstone.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Goldenstone
Acquisition Limited (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: July 14, 2023 

/s/ Eddie Ni 

Eddie Ni 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2023ex32-2_goldenstone.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Goldenstone
Acquisition Limited (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: July 14, 2023 

/s/ Ray Chen 

Ray Chen 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 gdst-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 gdst-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 gdst-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 gdst-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 gdst-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

