<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230717_10-K_edgar_data_1805024_0001493152-23-024644.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12620314</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>738102</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3033073</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4229876</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1967767</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2355268</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>22</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-024644.hdr.sgml : 20230717
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230714211939
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-024644
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		112
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230717
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230714

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Amergent Hospitality Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001805024
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING & DRINKING PLACES [5810]
		IRS NUMBER:				844842958
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56160
		FILM NUMBER:		231090333

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		POST OFFICE BOX 470695
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28247
		BUSINESS PHONE:		704-366-5122

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		POST OFFICE BOX 470695
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28247

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Amergent Hospitality Group, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200227

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-024644.txt : 20230717

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

Form

Annual Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

Transition Report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the transition period from __________ to __________ 

Commission
file number: 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 
 Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 
 Identification
 Number) 

,

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

(Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

N/A 

 (Former
name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Stock 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or has for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

On June 30, 2022, the last business
day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s common
stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately , based upon the closing price on that date of the common stock
of the registrant 0.148. For purposes of this response, the registrant has assumed that its directors, executive officers and beneficial
owners of 5 or more of its common stock are deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. 

The
number of shares outstanding of the registrant s 0.0001 par value common stock as of June 14, 2023, was shares. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page
 No. 

PART I 
 4 

Item 1. Business 
 4 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 9 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 

Item 2. Properties 
 26 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 26 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 

PART II 
 27 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 

Item 6. [RESERVED] 
 27 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 38 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 39 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 72 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 72 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 73 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 73 

PART III 
 74 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 74 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 77 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 81 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 83 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 84 

PART IV 
 85 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 85 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 85 

2 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report contains forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are identified
by terms and phrases such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, 
 expect, intend, may, plan, predict, project, should, 
and will and similar expressions and include references to assumptions and relate to our future prospects, developments
and business strategies. There are a number of important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those
expressed in any forward-looking statement made by us. These factors include, but are not limited to: 

We have a history of operating losses. Our estimates regarding the sufficiency of our cash resources and capital requirements and needs for additional financing raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We require additional financing to support our working capital and execute our operating plans for fiscal 2023, which may not be available or may be costly and dilutive; 

Disruption within our supply chain could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are in arrears on rent due on several of our leases as a result of
 the COVID-19 pandemic and the economic hardship from rising inflation. We have pending litigation related to one store which is permanently closed. The outcome of this
 litigation could result in the permanent closure of additional restaurant locations as well as the possibility of the Company being
 required to pay interest and damages, modify certain leases on unfavorable terms and could result in material impairments to the
 Company s assets. 

Various subsidiaries are delinquent in payment of an aggregate of approximately 2.1 million of payroll taxes and failure to remit these payments promptly or through settlements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may have to repay the 10.0 million of grant proceeds received from the Restaurant Revitalization Fund. 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. 

We have been delinquent
 in our SEC reporting obligations, which may continue to have an adverse effect on the liquidity and trading prices of our common
 stock and could lead to the disqualification of our common stock for quotation on the OTC Markets Group, Inc. 

We
undertake no obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements included in this Report, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, after the date of this Report. Our actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from
the results expressed in, or implied by, these forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences
are discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations included herein. 

Unless
otherwise noted, references in this Report to the Registrant, Company, Amergent, Spin-Off
Entity, we, our or us means Amergent Hospitality Group Inc., a Delaware corporation
and our subsidiaries. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

BACKGROUND-
MERGER AND SPIN-OFF 

Amergent
Hospitality Group Inc. was incorporated on February 18, 2020 as a wholly owned subsidiary of Chanticleer Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation Chanticleer ), for the purpose of conducting the business of Chanticleer and its subsidiaries after completion of the spin-off
of Amergent to the shareholders of Chanticleer (Spin-Off ). The Spin-Off transaction was completed on April 1, 2020 in connection
with Chanticleer s completion of its merger transaction (the Merger with Sonnet BioTherapeutics, Inc. Sonnet ). 

GOING
CONCERN QUALIFICATION 

Our
financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were prepared under the assumption that we will continue
as a going concern for the next 12 months from the date of issuance of these financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, our cash
balance was 0.4 million, our working capital deficiency was 16.3 million, and we had significant near-term commitments and contractual
obligations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company believes
that its current level of cash and cash equivalents are not sufficient to fund its operations for the next 12 months. 

To
alleviate these conditions, management is evaluating various funding alternatives and may seek to raise additional funds through the
issuance of equity, mezzanine or debt securities, through arrangements with strategic partners or through obtaining credit from financial
institutions. As we seek additional sources of financing, there can be no assurance that such financing will be available to us on favorable
terms or at all. Our ability to obtain additional financing in the debt and equity capital markets is subject to several factors, including
market and economic conditions, our performance and investor sentiment with respect to us and our industry. 

BUSINESS 

Amergent
is in the business of owning, operating and franchising fast casual dining concepts. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we operated and franchised a system-wide total of 34 fast casual restaurants of which 23 are company-owned and
included in our consolidated financial statements, and 11 are owned and operated by franchisees under franchise agreements. 

American
Burger Company ABC was a fast-casual dining chain consisting of locations in North Carolina and New York, known for its
diverse menu featuring fresh salads, customized burgers, milk shakes, sandwiches, and beer and wine. As of December 31, 2022, all locations
are closed. 

The
Burger Joint BGR consists of five company-owned locations in the United States and seven franchisee-operated locations
in the United States. 

Little
Big Burger LBB consists of 14 company-owned locations in the Portland, Oregon and Charlotte, North Carolina areas. One
location was temporarily closed until it re-opened at the end of June 2022 due to lack of available employees. Of the company-owned restaurants,
10 of those locations are operated under partnership agreements with investors we have determined we are the primary beneficiary as we
control the management and operations of the stores, and the partner supplies the capital to open the store in exchange for a non-controlling
interest. 

We
acquired Pie Squared Holdings LLC PIE or Pie Squared Holdings on August 30, 2021. Pie Squared Holdings,
directly and through its four wholly owned subsidiaries, owns, operates and franchises pizza restaurants operating under the tradename
PizzaRev. At December 31, 2022, the company had one company owned location and four franchised locations. 

4 

Our
Jantzen Beach, Oregon location was a former Hooters of America location. This location is now home to our Jaybee s Chicken
Place, serving a selection of fast casual chicken. Next door to Jaybee s is The Nest and The Roost, offering video gaming,
pool tables and drinks. These locations opened on October 8, 2022. 

Through
the use of partnerships, the Company partners with private investors who contribute all or substantially all of the capital required
to open a restaurant in return for an ownership interest in the LLC and an economic interest in the net income of the restaurant location.
The Company manages the operations of the restaurant in return for a management fee and an economic interest in the net income of the
restaurant location. While terms may vary by LLC, the investor generally contributes between 0.3 million and 0.4 million per location
and is entitled to 80 of the net income of the LLC until such time as the investor recoups the initial investment and the investor return
on net income changes from 80 to 50 . The Company contributes the intellectual property and management related to operating a Little
Big Burger, manages the construction, opening and ongoing operations of the store in return for a 5 management fee and 20 of net income
until such time as the investor recoups the initial investment and the Company return on net income changes from 20 to 50 . 

Additionally,
we utilize franchise agreements to allow third parties to franchise a restaurant and, thus, are able to utilize the intellectual property,
trademark, and trade dress in return for a franchise fee. The franchise agreement provides the franchisee with a designated territory
or marketing area for an initial term of 10 years, with four successive five-year renewals. An upfront fee of 40,000 is required along
with a 5,000 renewal fee and continuing fees based on a percent of revenues. We recognize the upfront fee allocated to each restaurant
as revenue on a straight-line basis over the restaurant s license term, which generally begins upon the signing of the contract
for area development agreements and upon the signing of a store lease for franchise agreements. The payments for these upfront fees are
generally received upon contract execution. Continuing fees, which are based upon a percentage of franchisee revenues (typically 5.5 and are not subject to any constraints, are recognized on the accrual basis as those sales occur. The payments for these continuing fees
are generally made on a weekly basis. 

Franchises
must be operated in strict compliance with our operations manual, which prescribes staffing requirements, minimum months, days and hours
of operation, techniques and processes for service, length and method of training personnel, working capital and inventory requirements,
accounting system and other operational standards. We provide up to five days of on-site training at no charge to franchisee. Additional
on-site training may be requested by franchisee and will be provided at a daily rate of 500. We have the right to approve the property
lease for each new franchise. We maintain image control and may direct a franchise to remodel. We provide specifications for equipment,
safety and security, subject to additional location regulations. Franchisees must utilize designated, approved suppliers or obtain pre-approval
of any new supplier. Franchisees have certain prescribed marketing requirements, and we may require franchisee to contribute a percentage
of net sales to a regional brand development fund. Further, we may require certain of franchisee s personnel to attend an annual
conference or all franchisee s personnel to attend refresher training, at franchisee s sole expense. 

Franchisees
have sole control over the day-to-day operations of the franchise. The franchisee is responsible for the hiring and termination of its
personnel and compliance with applicable laws. The franchisee must sell wine and beer at the store and may opt to sell other alcoholic
beverages. The franchisee is responsible for obtaining all required business licenses, including liquor licenses and to carry required
insurance. 

Any
improvements or new concepts developed by a franchisee (such as improvements to proprietary recipes, equipment, merchandise or software)
belong to us. Our franchise agreement contains confidentiality and non-disclosure covenants, and a franchisee must require its personnel
to execute confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements. 

We
hold a minority investment in corporate owned Hooters. However, we do not currently intend to open additional Hooters restaurants. 

5 

Restaurant
Geographic Locations 

We
currently operate BGR, LBB and Jaybee s restaurants in the United States. ABC was located North Carolina and New York. BGR
operates company restaurants in the mid-Atlantic region of the United States, as well as franchise locations across the US. LBB
operates in Oregon and North Carolina. Jaybee s is located in Portland, Oregon. We operate gaming machines in Portland,
Oregon under license from the Oregon Lottery Commission at The Nest. We no longer operate any Company owned PIE restaurants in California but continue with franchise locations in the western United States. 

Competition 

The
restaurant industry is extremely competitive. We compete with other restaurants on the taste, quality and price of our food offerings.
Additionally, we compete with other restaurants on service, ambience, location and overall customer experience. We believe that we compete
primarily with local and regional sports bars and national casual dining and quick casual establishments, and to a lesser extent with
quick service restaurants in general. Many of our competitors are well-established national, regional or local chains and many have greater
financial and marketing resources than we do. We also compete with other restaurant and retail establishments for site locations and
restaurant employees. 

Information
Systems and Security 

We continue to focus on providing our operators intuitive,
secure technology that is tailored to our business so they can provide hospitality to our guests and our team members in a productive
and efficient manner. 

Our
information is processed, transmitted, and stored in a secure environment using enterprise grade technologies in order to protect both
our data and the physical computing assets. While we believe that our internal policies, systems and procedures for cybersecurity are
thorough, the risk of a cybersecurity event cannot be eliminated. 

Proprietary
Rights 

We
have trademarks and tradenames associated with American Burger, BGR, Little Big Burger, Jaybee s Chicken Palace and PizzaRev. We believe that the trademarks,
service marks and other proprietary rights that we use in our restaurants have significant value and are important to our brand-building
efforts and the marketing of our restaurant concepts. Although we believe that we have sufficient rights to our trademarks and service
marks, we may face claims of infringement that could interfere with our ability to market our restaurants and promote our brand. Any
such litigation may be costly and divert resources from our business. Moreover, if we are unable to successfully defend against such
claims, we may be prevented from using our trademarks or service marks in the future and may be liable for damages. 

Government
Regulations 

We
are subject to various federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations that affect our business. Regulations relating to opening
and closing of restaurant dining rooms or outdoor patios, business hours, sanitation practices, alcohol sales, guest spacing within dining
rooms and other social distancing practices, and employment and safety-related laws involving contact tracing, exclusions and paid sick
leave have materially affected the way we operate our business and serve our guests and have adversely impacted our cost structure and
resulting profitability of our restaurants. 

Licensing 

Each
of our restaurants is subject to licensing and regulation by a number of governmental authorities, which may include alcoholic beverage
control, labor/equal employment, building, land use, health, safety and fire agencies, and environmental regulations in the state or
municipality in which the restaurant is located. We believe that we are in compliance with all relevant laws, rules and regulations in
all material respects. Difficulties obtaining or maintaining the required licenses or approvals could delay or prevent the development
of a new restaurant in a particular area or could adversely affect the operation of an existing restaurant. 

Alcoholic
beverage control regulations require each of our restaurants to apply to a federal and state authority and, in certain locations, municipal
authorities for a license and permit to sell alcoholic beverages. Typically, licenses must be renewed annually and may be revoked or
suspended for cause by such authority at any time. Alcoholic beverage control regulations impact numerous aspects of the daily operations
of our restaurants, including the minimum age of patrons and team members, hours of operation, advertising, wholesale purchasing, inventory
control and handling, and storage and dispensing of alcoholic beverages. 

Dram
Shop Statutes 

We
are subject to dram-shop statutes in California and other states in which we operate. Those statutes generally provide
a person who has been injured by an intoxicated person the right to recover damages from an establishment that has wrongfully served
alcoholic beverages to such person. We carry liquor liability coverage, as part of our existing comprehensive general liability insurance,
which we believe is consistent with the coverage carried by other entities in the restaurant industry and would help protect us from
exposure created by possible claims. Even though we carry liquor liability insurance, a judgment against us under a dram-shop statute
in excess of our liability coverage could have a materially adverse effect on us. Regardless of whether any claims against us are valid
or whether we are liable, claims may also be expensive to defend and may divert management s time and our financial resources away
from our operations. We may also be adversely affected by publicity resulting from such claims. 

Environmental
regulation 

Various
laws concerning the handling, storage and disposal of hazardous materials and restaurant waste and the operation of restaurants in environmentally
sensitive locations may impact aspects of our operations; however, we do not believe that compliance with applicable environmental regulations
will have a material effect on our capital expenditures, financial condition, results of operations, or competitive position. Increased
focus by U.S. authorities on environmental matters is likely to lead to new governmental initiatives, particularly in the area of climate
change. While we cannot predict the precise nature of these initiatives, we expect that they may impact our business both directly and
indirectly. There is a possibility that government initiatives, or actual or perceived effect of changes in weather patterns, climate
or water resources could have a direct impact on the operations of our brands in ways that we cannot predict at this time. 

Local
regulation 

Our
locations are subject to licensing and regulation by a number of government authorities, which may include health, sanitation, safety,
fire, building and other agencies in the countries, states or municipalities in which the restaurants are located. Opening sites in new
areas could be delayed by license and approval processes or by more requirements of local government bodies with respect to zoning, land
use and environmental factors. Our agreements with our franchisees require them to comply with all applicable federal, state and local
laws and regulations. 

6 

Each
restaurant requires appropriate licenses from regulatory authorities allowing it to sell liquor, beer and wine, and each restaurant requires
food service licenses from local health authorities. Our licenses to sell alcoholic beverages may be suspended or revoked at any time
for cause, including violation by us or our employees of any law or regulation pertaining to alcoholic beverage control. We are subject
to various regulations by foreign governments related to the sale of food and alcoholic beverages and to health, sanitation and fire
and safety standards. Compliance with these laws and regulations may lead to increased costs and operational complexity and may increase
our exposure to governmental investigations or litigation. 

Franchise
Regulations 

We
must comply with regulations adopted by the Federal Trade Commission (the FTC and with several state and foreign laws
that regulate the offer and sale of franchises. The FTC s Trade Regulation Rule on Franchising FTC Rule and certain
state and foreign laws require that we furnish prospective franchisees with a franchise disclosure document containing information prescribed
by the FTC Rule and applicable state and foreign laws and regulations. We register the disclosure document in domestic and foreign jurisdictions
that require registration for the sale of franchises. Our domestic franchise disclosure document complies with FTC Rule and various state
disclosure requirements, and our international disclosure documents comply with applicable requirements. 

We
also must comply with state and foreign laws that regulate some substantive aspects of the franchisor-franchisee relationship. These
laws may limit a franchisor s ability to: terminate or not renew a franchise without good cause; interfere with the right of free
association among franchisees; disapprove the transfer of a franchise; discriminate among franchisees regarding charges, royalties and
other fees; and place new stores near existing franchises. Bills intended to regulate certain aspects of franchise relationships have
been introduced into the United States Congress on several occasions during the last decade, but none have been enacted. 

Employment
Regulations 

Many of our employees are paid at rates which are influenced by changes
in the federal and state wage regulations. Accordingly, changes in the wage regulations could increase our labor costs. The work conditions
at our facilities are regulated by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and are subject to periodic inspections by this
agency. In addition, the enactment of recent legislation and resulting new government regulation relating to healthcare benefits may
result in additional cost increases and other effects in the future. 

Various federal and state labor laws, along with rules and regulations,
govern our relationship with our team members, including such matters as minimum wage, overtime, tip credits, health insurance, working
conditions, safety and work eligibility requirements. Significant additional governmental mandates, such as an increased minimum wage,
a change in the laws governing exempt team members, an increase in paid time off or leaves of absence, mandates on health benefits and
insurance or increased tax reporting and payment requirements for team members who receive gratuities, could negatively impact our restaurants 
profitability. We are also subject to the regulations of the Immigration and Customs Enforcement ICE branch of the United
States Department of Homeland Security. In addition, some states in which we operate have adopted immigration employment protection laws.
Even if we operate our restaurants in strict compliance with ICE and state requirements, some of our team members may not meet federal
work eligibility requirements, despite our efforts and without our knowledge, which could lead to a disruption in our work force. Additionally,
our suppliers may also be affected by various federal and state labor laws which could result in supply disruptions for our various goods
and services or higher costs for goods and services supplied to us. 

In
addition, we and our U.S. franchisees are subject to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act . 

Gaming
Regulations 

We
are also subject to regulations in Oregon where we operate gaming machines. Gaming operations are generally highly regulated and conducted
under the permission and oversight of the state or local gaming commission, lottery or other government agencies. 

Other
Regulations 

Our
facilities must comply with the applicable requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ADA and related
state statutes. The ADA prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability with respect to public accommodations and employment. Under
the ADA and related state laws, when constructing new restaurants or undertaking significant remodeling of existing restaurants, we must
make them readily accessible to disabled persons. We must also make reasonable accommodations for the employment of disabled persons. 

We
are subject to a variety of information security, privacy and consumer protection laws at the federal, state and local level. Failure
to comply with these laws and regulations could subject us to financial and other penalties. 

7 

We
are subject to food safety regulations, including supervision by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which governs the manufacture,
labeling, packaging and safety of food. In addition, we are or may become subject to legislation or regulation seeking to tax and/or
regulate high-fat, high-calorie and high-sodium foods. Certain states and municipalities have approved menu labeling legislation that
requires restaurant chains to provide caloric information on menu boards, and menu labeling legislation has also been adopted on the
U.S. federal level. 

Seasonality 

The
sales of our restaurants may peak at various times throughout the year due to certain promotional events, weather and holiday related
events. For example, our domestic fast casual restaurants tend to peak in the Spring, Summer and Fall months when the weather is milder.
Severe weather including hurricanes, tornados, thunderstorms, snow and ice storms, prolonged extreme temperatures and similar conditions
may impact restaurant sales volumes in some of the markets where we operate. Quarterly results also may be affected by the timing of
the opening of new stores and the closing of existing stores. For these reasons, results for any quarter are not necessarily indicative
of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. 

Employees 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 319 employees in the United States. We employ additional people on a part-time basis as needed. 

Working
Capital Practices 

Historically,
we have financed our operations through public and private sales of common stock, issuance of preferred and common stock, convertible
debt instruments, term loans, related party loans and advances and credit lines from financial institutions, and cash generated from operations. On March 27, 2020, Congress
passed The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), which included the Paycheck Protection Program PPP for small businesses. On April 27, 2020, Amergent received a PPP loan in the amount of 2.1 million. On February
25, 2021, the Company received a second PPP loan of 2.0 million. On November 15, 2022 and December 16, 2022, the Company received notice
from the SBA that the first and second PPP loans, respectively, had been fully forgiven with accrued interest. 

As
of December 31, 2022, our cash balance was 0.4 million, of which none was restricted, our working capital deficiency was 16.3 million
and we had significant near-term commitments and contractual obligations. The level of additional cash needed to fund operations and
our ability to conduct business for the next 12 months will be influenced primarily by the following factors: 

our ability to access the
 capital and debt markets to satisfy current obligations and operate the business; 

our ability to qualify
 for and access financial stimulus programs available through federal and state government programs; 

our ability to refinance
 or otherwise extend maturities of current debt obligations; 

our ability to manage our
 operating expenses and maintain gross margins; 

popularity of and demand
 for our fast-casual dining concepts; and 

general economic conditions
 and changes in consumer discretionary income. 

We
have typically funded our operating costs, acquisition activities, working capital requirements and capital expenditures with proceeds
from the issuances of our common stock and other financing arrangements, including convertible debt, lines of credit, notes payable,
capital leases, government stimulus funds and other forms of external financing. 

As
we execute our business plan over the next 12 months, we intend to carefully monitor the impact of our working capital needs and cash
balances relative to the availability of cost-effective debt and equity financing. In the event that capital is not available, we may
then have to scale back or freeze our operations plans, sell assets on less than favorable terms, reduce expenses, and/or curtail future
acquisition plans to manage our liquidity and capital resources. 

Our
current operating losses combined with our working capital deficit raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Employee
Retention Credit 

The
Employee Retention Credit ERC under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act is a refundable tax credit which encouraged businesses to keep employees on the payroll during the COVID-19 pandemic. Although the program
ended on January 1, 2022, the Company performed an analysis during the current period and determined that it was eligible for additional
credits related to 2021 wages. As of each of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, approximately 0.8 million of ERC is included in
accounts and other receivables in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company recognized 0.7 million and 2.5 million for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of ERC as a contra-expense included in employee retention credit and other grant income
in the consolidated statements of operations. 

In
addition to the ERC, the Company received credits under other government/government agency programs of approximately 128,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2021, of which approximately 84,000 were recorded as an offset to restaurant operating expenses
and 44,000 as other income, respectively, in the consolidated statements of operations. 

8 

Restaurant
Revitalization Fund 

The
American Rescue Plan Act established the Restaurant Revitalization Fund RRF to provide funding to help restaurants and
other eligible businesses keep their doors open. This program provided restaurants with funding equal to their pandemic-related revenue
loss up to 10.0 million per business and no more than 5.0 million per physical location. Recipients are not required to repay the funding
as long as funds are used for eligible uses no later than March 11, 2023. In 2021 and prior to its acquisition by the Company in August
2021, Pie Squared Holdings received a grant under the U.S. Small Business Administration s U.S. SBA RRF for approximately
 10.0 million. The proceeds received were mainly used to repay existing debt and to also pay operating expenses. The unused funds received
under the RRF at closing of the acquisition were 2.0 million, and these funds were placed into escrow for the benefit of the Company
for working capital to be used solely in the operations of the acquired business. Restricted cash and a deferred grant income liability
were recorded for the unused proceeds from the RRF, and grant income is being recognized as the Company expends the funds on eligible
costs incurred under the RRF post acquisition. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had restricted cash of nil and 1.7 million,
respectively, related to the unused proceeds from the RRF. The Company recognized 1.5 million and 0.5 million for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the RRF as a contra-expense included in employee retention credit and other grant income
and in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, all RRF funds were utilized. 

Available
Information 

We
maintain a website at the following address: www.amergenthg.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this
report. We make available on or through our website certain reports and amendments to those reports that we file with or furnish to the
Securities and Exchange Commission SEC in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange
Act ). These include our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current Reports on Form 8-K. We
make this information available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the information
with, or furnish it to, the SEC. In addition, we routinely post on the Investors page of our website news releases, announcements
and other statements about our business and results of operations, some of which may contain information that may be deemed material
to investors. Therefore, we encourage investors to monitor the Investors page of our website and review the information
we post on that page. The SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding
issuers that file electronically with the SEC at the following address: http://www.sec.gov . 

ITEM
1A: RISK FACTORS 

The
following are some of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those presented in our
forward-looking statements. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face but do represent those risks and
uncertainties that we believe are material to us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem
immaterial may also harm our business. All forward-looking statements in this document are based on information available to us as of
the date hereof, and we assume no obligations to update any such forward-looking statements. 

Summary
of Material Risk Factors 

We
 have a history of operating losses. Our estimates regarding the sufficiency of our cash resources and capital requirements and needs
 for additional financing raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
 require additional financing to support our working capital and execute our operating plans for fiscal 2023, which may not be available
 or may be costly and dilutive; 

Disruption
 within our supply chain could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
 are in arrears on rent due on several of our leases as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We have pending litigation related to one
 store which is permanently closed. The outcome of this litigation could result in the permanent closure of additional restaurant
 locations as well as the possibility of the Company being required to pay interest and damages, modify certain leases on unfavorable
 terms and could result in material impairments to the Company s assets. 

9 

Various
 subsidiaries are delinquent in payment of an aggregate of approximately 2.1 million of payroll taxes and failure to remit these
 payments promptly or through settlements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
 operations. 

We
 may have to repay the 10.0 million of grant proceeds received from the Restaurant Revitalization Fund. 

We
 have identified a material weakness in our internal control and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. 

We
 have been delinquent in our SEC reporting obligations, which has had an adverse effect on the liquidity and trading prices of our
 common stock and could lead to the disqualification of our common stock for quotation on the OTC Markets Group, Inc. 

RISKS
RELATED TO DELINQUENT PAYROLL TAXES 

Various
subsidiaries of the Company are delinquent in payment of payroll taxes to taxing authorities prior to the current year when previous
management was in place, and a failure to remit these payments promptly or through settlements could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 2.1 million and 2.0 million, respectively, of employee and employer taxes (including estimated
penalties and interest) has been accrued but not remitted in years prior to 2019 to certain taxing authorities by certain subsidiaries
of the Company for cash compensation paid. As a result, these subsidiaries of the Company are liable for such payroll taxes. These various
subsidiaries of the Company have received warnings and demands from the taxing authorities and management is prioritizing and working
with the taxing authorities to make these payments in order to avoid further penalties and interest. Failure to remit these payments
promptly could result in increased penalty fees and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. Interest and penalties on the remaining liability are accruing at approximately 10,000 per month. 

RISKS
RELATED TO RESTAURANT REVITALIZATION FUND 

We
may have to repay the 10.0 million of grant proceeds received from the Restaurant Revitalization Fund. 

If
it is determined that Pie Squared Holdings obtained the grant improperly or the disbursement of such grant monies were not for eligible
uses then we would be responsible for the ramifications of such actions, including repayment of the approximately 10.0 million
of grant monies, among other items. An assessment of the sellers indemnification agreement signed under the acquisition agreement
would also need to be considered. 

The
American Rescue Plan Act established the Restaurant Revitalization Fund RRF to provide funding to help restaurants and
other eligible businesses keep their doors open. This program provides restaurants with funding equal to their pandemic-related revenue
loss up to 10.0 million per business and no more than 5.0 million per physical location. Recipients are not required to repay the funding
as long as funds are used for eligible uses no later than March 11, 2023. 

In
2021, and prior to the acquisition, Pie Squared Holdings received a grant under the U.S. Small Business Administration s SBA RRF for approximately 10.0 million. The proceeds received were mainly used to repay existing debt and to also pay operating expenses.
The unused funds received under the RRF at closing of 2.0 million were placed into escrow for the benefit of the Company for working
capital to be used solely in the operations of the acquired business. The Company will periodically submit to the escrow agent the planned
uses of these funds, and the sellers have the right to review the planned uses to determine whether, in the sellers opinion, the
planned uses meet the criteria of eligible uses under the RRF. If determined to not meet such criteria, then the escrow
agent will not distribute that portion of the request. 

10 

As
the Company acquired all the outstanding membership interests in Pie Squared Holdings, the Company assumed all the rights and obligations
of Pie Squared Holdings that arose from transactions of Pie Squared Holdings prior to the sale event, both stated rights and obligations
as well as those that are contingent. As noted above, Pie Squared Holdings applied for and received an approximately 10.0 million grant
from the U.S. SBA under the RRF and used approximately 8.0 million to repay existing debt of Pie Squared Holdings and to fund some of
its operating expenses. Under the RRF there is a requirement that the grant monies be for eligible uses. The Company, through
the structure of the acquisition, is now responsible that the grant proceeds were, in fact, properly obtained and disbursed for eligible
uses. If it is determined that Pie Squared Holdings obtained the grant improperly or the disbursement of such grant monies were
not eligible uses then the Company would be responsible for the ramifications of such actions, including repayment of the
approximately 10.0 million of grant monies, among other items. Management completed its analysis of this contingency and concluded that,
at this time, a liability does not need to be recorded for this contingency. In connection with the acquisition, the Company obtained
an indemnification from the sellers which is inclusive of any matters related to the RRF. As such, an assessment of the sellers 
indemnification agreement signed under the acquisition agreement was also considered in the Company s analysis. 

RISKS
RELATED TO IMPACT OF THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC 

Defaults
and closures under restaurant leases that resulted from the COVID-19 pandemic could result in material impairments to the Company s
assets. 

If
an existing or future restaurant is not profitable, and we decide to close it, we may nonetheless be committed to perform our obligations
under the applicable lease including, among other things, paying the base rent for the balance of the lease term. In addition, as each
of our leases expires, we may fail to negotiate renewals, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could cause us to
pay increased occupancy costs or to close restaurants in desirable locations. These potential increased occupancy costs and closed restaurants
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

During
2021 the Company was in arrears on rent due on several of its leases as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. As a result, the Company has
pending litigation related to one store location which is permanently closed. The outcome of this litigation could result in the permanent
closure of additional restaurant locations as well as the possibility of the Company being required to pay interest and damages, modify
certain leases on unfavorable terms and could result in material impairments to the Company s assets. 

We
are not contractually obligated to guarantee leasing arrangements between franchisees and their landlords. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has materially disrupted and may continue to disrupt our business, operations, financial condition and results of operations. 

Federal,
state and local government responses to the COVID-19 pandemic have disrupted our industry and have had a material adverse effect on our
business. During fiscal 2020 and 2021, state and local governments imposed a variety of restrictions on people and businesses, and public
health authorities offered regular guidance on health and safety, which have caused and may continue to cause consumers to avoid or limit
gatherings in public places or social interactions. 

As
of the date of this report, all of our restaurants are able to open their dining rooms and few capacity restrictions or other COVID-19
restrictions remain in place; however, it is possible that future increases in cases or further localized or widespread outbreaks of
COVID-19 could require us to again reduce our capacity or suspend our in-restaurant dining operations. The COVID-19 pandemic and these
responses have affected and may continue to adversely affect our guest traffic, sales and operating costs, and we cannot predict whether
an increase in cases or localized or widespread outbreaks will occur and whether future government responses thereto may impact us. In
addition, future increases in cases or further localized or widespread outbreaks of COVID-19 pandemic could negatively impact our suppliers,
and we could face shortages of food items or other supplies at our restaurants, and our operations and sales could be adversely impacted
by such supply interruptions. 

11 

RISKS
RELATED TO MATERIAL WEAKNESS IN OUR INTERNAL CONTROL AND PROCEDURES AND INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

We
have identified a material weakness in our internal control and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. If not remediated,
our failure to establish and maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could
result in material misstatements in our financial statements and a failure to meet our reporting and financial obligations, each of which
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading price of our common stock. 

Maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting and effective disclosure controls and procedures are necessary for us to produce
reliable financial statements. We have re-evaluated our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures
and concluded that they were not effective as of December 31, 2022 and we concluded there was a material weakness in the design of our
internal control over financial reporting. 

A
material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that
there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis. 

Other
than the material weakness and remediation activities discussed below, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Material
Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Material
Weaknesses. A material weakness is a control deficiency, or a combination of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Management
identified the following deficiencies: 

As of December 31, 2022, due to the inherent issue of segregation of duties in a small company, we have relied heavily on entity level management review controls. Accordingly, management has determined that this control deficiency constitutes a material weakness. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had not established a formal written policy for the approval, identification, and authorization of new vendors entered into the approved vendor listing. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had not established a formal review, on a test basis, of our third-party accounting provider s coding of transactions and reconciliations of key accounts. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had not established an automated software program
to account for our operating lease schedule liabilities but were relying on a manual computation of the Company s operating lease
schedule. 

Management
determined that the deficiency could potentially result in a material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements in a future
annual or interim period that would not be prevented or detected. Therefore, the deficiency constitutes a material weakness in internal
control. 

Because
of these material weaknesses, management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in the 2013 integrated framework as prescribed by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. 

The
Company is committed to remediating its material weaknesses as promptly as possible. Even effective internal control can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. Any failure to remediate the material
weaknesses, or the development of new material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, could result in material
misstatements in our financial statements, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the trading
price of our common stock and we could fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. 

12 

RISKS
RELATED TO CLIMATE CHANGE 

Water
scarcity and poor quality could negatively impact our costs and capacity. 

Water
is a limited resource in many parts of the world, facing unprecedented challenges from overexploitation, increasing demand for food and
other consumer and industrial products whose manufacturing processes require water, increasing pollution and emerging awareness of potential
contaminants, poor management, lack of physical or financial access to water, sociopolitical tensions due to lack of public infrastructure
in certain areas of the world and the effects of climate change. As the demand for water continues to increase around the world, and
as water becomes scarcer and the quality of available water deteriorates, we may incur higher costs, which could adversely affect our
profitability. 

Increased
demand for food products and decreased agricultural productivity may negatively affect our business. 

Decreased
agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of changing weather patterns; increased agricultural regulations;
and other factors have in the past, and may in the future, limit the availability and/or increase the cost of such agricultural commodities
and could impact the food security of communities around the world. 

Adverse
weather conditions could reduce the demand for our products. 

The
sales of our products are influenced to some extent by weather conditions in the markets in which we operate. Unusually cold or rainy
weather during the summer months may have a temporary effect on the demand for our products and contribute to lower sales, which could
have an adverse effect on our results of operations for such periods. 

Any
adverse weather conditions, seasonal fluctuations, natural disasters and environmental matters, including the effects of climate change,
may adversely affect our results of operations. 

The
occurrence of natural disasters, such as fires, hurricanes, freezing weather or earthquakes may unfavorably affect our operations and
financial performance. Any of the foregoing events may result in physical damage, temporary or permanent closure, lack of an adequate
work force, or temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of food, beverages, electric, water, sewer and waste disposal services
necessary for our restaurants or to operate. 

In
addition, there has been increasing focus by the United States and overseas governmental authorities and investors on other environmental
matters, such as clim ate change, which may increase the frequency and severity of weather-related events and conditions, such
as drought and forest fires. This increased focus on climate change and efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, waste, and water
consumption may lead to new initiatives directed at regulating a yet to be specified array of environmental matters. Legislative, regulatory
or other efforts to combat climate change or other environmental concerns could result in future increases in the cost of raw materials,
taxes, transportation and utilities, which could affect our results of operations and necessitate future investments in facilities and
equipment. 

We have disaster recovery procedures and business continuity plans
in place to address most events of a crisis nature, including hurricanes and other natural disasters, back up and off-site locations for
recovery of electronic and other forms of data and information. However, if we are unable to fully implement our disaster recovery plans,
we may experience delays in recovery of data, inability to perform vital corporate functions, tardiness in required reporting and compliance,
failures to adequately support field operations and other breakdowns in normal communication and operating procedures that may have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation and exposure to administrative and other legal claims. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR OPERATING LOSSES 

We
have not been profitable to date and operating losses could continue. 

We
have incurred operating losses and generated negative cash flows since our inception and have financed our operations principally through
equity investments and borrowings. Future profitability is difficult to predict with certainty. Failure to achieve profitability could
materially and adversely affect the value of our Company and our ability to effect additional financings. The success of the business
depends on our ability to increase revenues to offset expenses. If our revenues fall short of projections or we are unable to reduce
operating expenses, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially adversely affected. 

13 

O ur
consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming a going concern. 

Our
consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were prepared under the assumption
that we will continue as a going concern for the next 12 months from the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements.
Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued a report related to our annual consolidated financial statements that includes
an explanatory paragraph referring to our losses from operations and expressing substantial doubt in our ability to continue as a going
concern without additional capital becoming available. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain
additional financing, re-negotiate or extend existing indebtedness, obtain further operating efficiencies, reduce expenditures and ultimately,
create profitable operations. We may not be able to refinance or extend our debt or obtain additional capital on reasonable terms. Our
consolidated financial statements do not include adjustments that would result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

We
may not be able to extend or repay our indebtedness owed to our secured lenders, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and ability to continue as a going concern. 

If
we are unable to service or repay these obligations at maturity and we are otherwise unable to extend the maturity dates or refinance
these obligations, we would be in default. We cannot provide any assurances that we will be able to raise the necessary amount of capital
to service these obligations. Upon a default, our secured lenders would have the right to exercise their rights and remedies to collect,
which would include foreclosing on our assets. Accordingly, a default would have a material adverse effect on our business, and we would
likely be forced to seek bankruptcy protection. 

Our various loan agreements contain financial and
non-financial covenants and provisions providing for cross-default. The evaluation of compliance with these provisions is subject to interpretation
and the exercise of judgment. 

We
require additional financing to support our working capital and execute our operating plans for 2023, which may not be available or may
be costly and dilutive. 

We
require additional financing to support our working capital needs and fund our operating plans for fiscal 2023. To alleviate these conditions,
management is currently evaluating various funding alternatives and may seek to raise additional funds through the issuance of equity,
mezzanine or debt securities, through arrangements with strategic partners or through obtaining credit from financial institutions. As
we seek additional sources of financing, there can be no assurance that such financing would be available to us on favorable terms or
at all. Our ability to obtain additional financing in the debt and equity capital markets is subject to several factors, including market
and economic conditions, our performance and investor. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR DEBT FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS AND SIGNIFICANT SHAREHOLDERS 

We
have debt financing arrangements that could have a material adverse effect on our financial health and our ability to obtain financing
in the future and may impair our ability to react quickly to changes in our business. 

Our
exposure to debt financing could limit our ability to satisfy our obligations, limit our ability to operate our business and impair our
competitive position. For example, it could: 

require
 us to dedicate significant future cash flows to the repayment of debt, reducing the availability of cash to fund working capital,
 capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes; 

limit
 our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry; and 

limit
 our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing due to applicable financial and restrictive covenants contained in our
 debt agreements. 

14 

We
may also incur additional indebtedness in the future, which could materially increase the impact of these risks on our financial condition
and results of operations. Failure to successfully recapitalize the business could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Our
10 Secured Convertible Debenture in favor of Oz Rey, LLC Oz Rey contains financial and other covenants that, if breached,
could trigger default. 

Pursuant
to our 10 Secured Convertible Debenture 10 Debenture dated April 1, 2020 in favor of Oz Rey, we are required to: 

maintain
 a positive EBITDA; 

timely
 file all reports required by Section 12(g) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

maintain
 positive net earnings; 

maintain
 a minimum market capitalization (based upon the number of shares of common stock outstanding and a 30-day VWAP) of at least 5,500,000;
 and 

use
 commercially reasonable efforts to list the common stock on a Nasdaq Stock Market exchange. 

In
March 2022, Oz Rey, LLC agreed to subordinate payment of its 10 Debenture to newly issued 8 Senior Unsecured Convertible Debentures 8 Debentures ). The Company may issue up to 3.0 million of 8 Debentures. As of the date hereof, the Company issued 1.3
million in 8 Debentures. 

Any
breach that is not waived by Oz Rey could trigger default of the 10 Debenture and our 8 Debentures. 

Oz Rey has provided a waiver of certain financial
covenants through December 31, 2023. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS MODEL 

We
do not have full operational control over the franchisee-operated restaurants. 

We
are and will be dependent on our franchisees to maintain quality, service and cleanliness standards, and their failure to do so could
materially affect our brands and harm our future growth. Our franchisees have flexibility in their operations, including the ability
to set prices for our products in their restaurants, hire employees and select certain service providers. In addition, it is possible
that some franchisees may not operate their restaurants in accordance with our quality, service and cleanliness, health or product standards.
Although we intend to take corrective measures if franchisees fail to maintain high quality service and cleanliness standards, we may
not be able to identify and rectify problems with sufficient speed and, as a result, our image and operating results may be negatively
affected. 

Any
prior acquisitions, as well as future acquisitions, may have unanticipated consequences that could harm our business and our financial
condition. 

Any
acquisition that we pursue, whether successfully completed or not, involves risks, including: 

material
 adverse effects on our operating results, particularly in the fiscal quarters immediately following the acquisition as the acquired
 restaurants are integrated into our operations; 

risks
 associated with entering into markets or conducting operations where we have no or limited prior experience; 

problems
 retaining key personnel; 

15 

potential
 impairment of tangible and intangible assets and goodwill acquired in the acquisition; 

potential
 unknown liabilities; 

difficulties
 of integration and failure to realize anticipated synergies; and 

disruption
 of our ongoing business, including diversion of management s attention from other business concerns. 

Future
acquisitions of restaurants or other businesses, which may be accomplished through a cash purchase transaction, the issuance of our equity
securities or a combination of both, could result in potentially dilutive issuances of our equity securities, the incurrence of debt
and contingent liabilities and impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets, any of which could harm our business
and financial condition. 

We
are subject to the risks associated with leasing space subject to long-term non-cancelable leases. 

We
lease all the real property, and we expect the new restaurants we open in the future will also be leased. We are obligated under non-cancelable
leases for our restaurants and our corporate headquarters. Our restaurant leases generally require us to pay a proportionate share of
real estate taxes, insurance, common area maintenance charges and other operating costs. Some restaurant leases provide for contingent
rental payments based on sales thresholds, although we generally do not expect to pay significant contingent rent on these properties
based on the thresholds in those leases. Additional sites that we lease are likely to be subject to similar long-term non-cancelable
leases. 

If
an existing or future restaurant is not profitable, and we decide to close it, we may nonetheless be committed to perform our obligations
under the applicable lease including, among other things, paying the base rent for the balance of the lease term. In addition, as each
of our leases expires, we may fail to negotiate renewals, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could cause us to
pay increased occupancy costs or to close restaurants in desirable locations. These potential increased occupancy costs and closed restaurants
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 18 restaurants that the Company had abandoned and maintained its operating lease liabilities as the
Company had not negotiated the termination of the underlying leases with its landlord. Such liabilities amount to approximately 6.8
million at December 31, 2022 and are reflected as current operating lease liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet included in
this report. 

We
are not contractually obligated to guarantee leasing arrangements between franchisees and their landlords. 

We
may not attain our target development goals and aggressive development could cannibalize existing sales. 

Our
growth strategy depends in large part on our ability to open new stores (either directly or through franchisees or joint venture partners).
The successful development of new units will depend in large part on our ability and the ability of our franchisees to open new restaurants
and to operate these restaurants on a profitable basis. We cannot guarantee that we, or our franchisees or joint venture partners, will
be able to achieve our expansion goals or that new restaurants will be operated profitably. Further, there is no assurance that any new
restaurant will produce operating results like those of our existing restaurants. Other risks that could impact our ability to increase
our ability to open new stores include prevailing economic conditions and our, or our franchisees and joint venture partners ,
ability to obtain suitable restaurant locations, obtain required permits and approvals in a timely manner and hire and train qualified
personnel. 

Our
franchisees and joint venture partners also frequently depend upon financing from banks and other financial institutions in order to
construct and open new restaurants. If it becomes more difficult or expensive for them to obtain financing to develop new restaurants,
our planned growth could slow, and our future revenue and cash flows could be adversely impacted. 

16 

In
addition, the new restaurants could impact the sales of our existing restaurants nearby. It is not our intention to open new restaurants
that materially cannibalize the sales of our existing restaurants. However, as with most growing retail and restaurant operations, there
can be no assurance that sales cannibalization will not occur or become more significant in the future as we increase our presence in
existing markets over time. 

RISKS
RELATED TO SPIN-OFF TRANSACTION 

Our
potential indemnification obligations pursuant to the Indemnification Agreement could materially adversely affect us. 

Under
the Indemnification Agreement, which will expire on March 25, 2026, we have an obligation to indemnify Sonnet for liabilities associated
with our business and the assets and liabilities distributed to us or our subsidiaries in connection with the Spin-Off. We have obtained
a Tail Policy with policy limits in the amount of 3.0 million to cover such liabilities; however, if we have to indemnify Sonnet
for unanticipated liabilities in excess of this amount, the cost of such indemnification obligations may have a material and adverse
effect on our financial performance. 

GENERAL
RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 

We
may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, which could harm the value of our brand and have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
intellectual property is material to the conduct of our business. Our ability to implement our business plan successfully depends in
part on our ability to further build brand recognition using our trademarks, tradenames and other proprietary intellectual property,
including our name and logos and the unique ambience of our restaurants. While it is our policy to protect and defend vigorously our
rights to our intellectual property, we cannot predict whether steps taken by us to protect our intellectual property rights will be
adequate to prevent misappropriation of these rights or the use by others of restaurant features based upon, or otherwise similar to,
our restaurant concept. It may be difficult for us to prevent others from copying elements of our concept and any litigation to enforce
our rights will likely be costly and may not be successful. Although we believe that we have sufficient rights to all our trademarks
and service marks, we may face claims of infringement that could interfere with our ability to market our restaurants and promote our
brand. Any such litigation may be costly and could divert resources from our business. Moreover, if we are unable to successfully defend
against such claims, we may be prevented from using our trademarks or service marks in the future and may be liable for damages, which
in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

In
addition, we license certain of our proprietary intellectual property, including our name and logos, to third parties. For example, we
grant our franchisees and licensees a right to use certain of our trademarks in connection with their operation of the applicable restaurant.
If a franchisee or other licensee fails to maintain the quality of the restaurant operations associated with the licensed trademarks,
our rights to, and the value of, our trademarks could potentially be harmed. Negative publicity relating to the franchisee or licensee
could also be incorrectly associated with us, which could harm our business. Failure to maintain, control and protect our trademarks
and other proprietary intellectual property would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations and on our ability to enter into new franchise agreements. 

Litigation
and unfavorable publicity could negatively affect our results of operations as well as our future business. 

We
are subject to potential for litigation and other customer complaints concerning our food safety, service and/or other operational factors.
Guests may file formal litigation complaints that we are required to defend, whether we believe them to be true or not. Substantial,
complex or extended litigation could have an adverse effect on our results of operations if we incur substantial defense costs and our
management is distracted. Employees may also, from time to time, bring lawsuits against us regarding injury, discrimination, wage and
hour, and other employment issues. Additionally, potential disputes could subject us to litigation alleging non-compliance with franchise,
development, support service, or other agreements. Additionally, we are subject to the risk of litigation by our stockholders as a result
of factors including, but not limited to, performance of our stock price. 

17 

In
certain states we are subject to dram shop statutes, which generally allow a person injured by an intoxicated person the
right to recover damages from an establishment that wrongfully served alcoholic beverages to the intoxicated person. Some dram shop litigation
against restaurant companies has resulted in significant judgments, including punitive damages. We carry liquor liability coverage as
part of our existing comprehensive general liability insurance, but we cannot provide assurance that this insurance will be adequate
in the event we are found liable in a dram shop case. 

In
recent years there has been an increase in the use of social media platforms and similar devices that allow individuals access
to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. The availability of information on social media platforms is virtually
immediate in its impact. A variety of risks are associated with the use of social media, including the improper disclosure of proprietary
information, negative comments about our Company, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud or outdated information. The
inappropriate use of social media platforms by our guests, employees or other individuals could increase our costs, lead to litigation,
or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation, and create an adverse change in the business climate that impairs goodwill.
If we are unable to respond quickly and effectively, we may suffer declines in guest traffic, which could materially affect our financial
condition and results of operations. 

Food
safety and foodborne illness concerns could have an adverse effect on our business. 

We
cannot guarantee that our internal control and training will be fully effective in preventing all food safety issues at our restaurants,
including any occurrences of foodborne illnesses such as salmonella, E. coli and hepatitis A. In addition, there is no guarantee that
our franchise restaurants will maintain the high levels of internal control and training we require at our company-operated restaurants. 

Furthermore,
we and our franchisees rely on third-party vendors, making it difficult to monitor food safety compliance and increasing the risk that
foodborne illness would affect multiple locations rather than a single restaurant. Some foodborne illness incidents could be caused by
third-party vendors and transporters outside of our control. New illnesses resistant to our current precautions may develop in the future,
or diseases with long incubation periods could arise, that could give rise to claims or allegations on a retroactive basis. One or more
instances of foodborne illness in any of our restaurants or markets or related to food products we sell could negatively affect our restaurant
revenue nationwide if highly publicized on national media outlets or through social media. 

This
risk exists even if it were later determined that the illness was wrongly attributed to us or one of our restaurants. Several other restaurant
chains have experienced incidents related to foodborne illnesses that have had a material adverse effect on their operations. The occurrence
of a similar incident at one or more of our restaurants, or negative publicity or public speculation about an incident, could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

There
are risks inherent in expansion of operations, including our ability to generate profits from new restaurants, find suitable sites and
develop and construct locations in a timely and cost-effective way. 

We
cannot project with certainty the number of new restaurants we and our franchisees will open. Our failure to effectively develop locations
in new territories would adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan by, among other things, reducing our revenues and
profits and preventing us from realizing our strategy. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that our new restaurants will generate revenues
or profit margins consistent with those currently operated by us. 

18 

The
number of openings and the performance of new locations will depend on various factors, including: 

the
 availability of suitable sites for new locations; 

our
 ability to negotiate acceptable lease or purchase terms for new locations, obtain adequate financing, on favorable terms, requirement
 to construct, build-out and operate new locations and meet construction schedules, and hire and train and retain qualified restaurant
 managers and personnel; 

the
 management of construction and development costs of new restaurants at affordable levels; 

the
 establishment of brand awareness in new markets; and 

our
 ability to manage expansion. 

Additionally,
competition for suitable restaurant sites in target markets is intense. Restaurants we open in new markets may take longer to reach expected
sales and profit levels on a consistent basis and may have higher construction, occupancy or operating costs than restaurants we open
in existing markets, thereby affecting our overall profitability. 

New
markets may have competitive conditions, consumer tastes and discretionary spending patterns that are more difficult to predict or satisfy
than our existing markets. We may need to make greater investments than we originally planned in advertising and promotional activity
in new markets to build brand awareness. We may find it more difficult in new markets to hire, motivate and keep qualified employees
who share our vision, passion and culture. We may also incur higher costs from entering new markets if, for example, we assign regional
managers to manage comparatively fewer restaurants than in more developed markets. 

We
may not be able to successfully develop critical market presence for our brand in new geographical markets, as we may be unable to find
and secure attractive locations, build name recognition or attract new customers. Inability to fully implement or failure to successfully
execute our plans to enter new markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Not
all of these factors are within our control or the control of our partners, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to accelerate
our growth or that we will be able to manage the anticipated expansion of our operations effectively. 

We
operate in the highly competitive restaurant industry. If we are not able to compete effectively, it will have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
face significant competition from restaurants in the fast-casual dining and traditional fast-food segments of the restaurant industry.
These segments are highly competitive with respect to, among other things, taste, price, food quality and presentation, service, location
and the ambience and condition of each restaurant. Our competition includes a variety of locally owned restaurants and national and regional
chains offering dine-in, carry-out, delivery and catering services. Many of our competitors have existed longer and have a more established
market presence with substantially greater financial, marketing, personnel and other resources than we do. Among our competitors are
a number of multi-unit, multi-market, fast casual restaurant concepts, some of which are expanding nationally. As we expand, we will
face competition from these restaurant concepts as well as new competitors that strive to compete with our market segments. These competitors
may have, among other things, lower operating costs, better locations, better facilities, better management, more effective marketing
and more efficient operations. Additionally, we face the risk that new or existing competitors will copy our business model, menu options,
presentation or ambience, among other things. 

Any
inability to successfully compete with the restaurants in our markets and other restaurant segments will place downward pressure on our
customer traffic and may prevent us from increasing or sustaining our revenue and profitability. Consumer tastes, nutritional and dietary
trends, traffic patterns and the type, number and location of competing restaurants often affect the restaurant business, and our competitors
may react more efficiently and effectively to those conditions. Several of our competitors compete by offering menu items that are specifically
identified as low in carbohydrates, gluten-free or healthier for consumers. In addition, many of our traditional fast food restaurant
competitors offer lower-priced menu options or meal packages or have loyalty programs. Our sales could decline due to changes in popular
tastes, fad food regimens, such as low carbohydrate diets, and media attention on new restaurants. If we are unable to
continue to compete effectively, our traffic, sales and restaurant contribution could decline which would have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

19 

Our
business could be adversely affected by declines in discretionary spending and may be affected by changes in consumer preferences. 

Our
success depends, in part, upon the popularity of our food products. Shifts in consumer preferences away from our restaurants or cuisine
could harm our business. Also, our success depends to a significant extent on discretionary consumer spending, which is influenced by
general economic conditions and the availability of discretionary income. Accordingly, we may experience declines in sales during economic
downturns or during periods of uncertainty. A continuing decline in the amount of discretionary spending could have a material adverse
effect on our sales, results of operations, and business and financial condition. 

Increases
in costs, including food, labor and energy prices, will adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our
profitability is dependent on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in our operating costs, including food, labor, occupancy
(including utilities and energy), insurance and supply costs. Various factors beyond our control, including climatic changes and government
regulations, may affect food costs. Specifically, our dependence on frequent, timely deliveries of fresh meat and produce subject us
to the risks of possible shortages or interruptions in supply caused by adverse weather or other conditions which could adversely affect
the availability and cost of any such items. In the past, we have been able to recover some of our higher operating costs through increased
menu prices. There have been, and there may be in the future, delays in implementing such menu price increases, and competitive pressures
may limit our ability to recover such cost increases in their entirety. 

Our
ability to maintain consistent price and quality throughout our restaurants depends in part upon our ability to acquire specified food
products and supplies in sufficient quantities from third-party vendors, suppliers and distributors at a reasonable cost. We do not control
the businesses of our vendors, suppliers and distributors, and our efforts to specify and monitor the standards under which they perform
may not be successful. If any of our vendors or other suppliers are unable to fulfill their obligations to our standards, or if we are
unable to find replacement providers in the event of a supply or service disruption, we could encounter supply shortages and incur higher
costs to secure adequate supplies, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Furthermore,
if our current vendors or other suppliers are unable to support our expansion into new markets, or if we are unable to find vendors to
meet our supply specifications or service needs as we expand, we could likewise encounter supply shortages and incur higher costs to
secure adequate supplies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes
in employment laws and minimum wage standards may adversely affect our business. 

Labor
is a primary component in the cost of operating our restaurants. If we face labor shortages or increased labor costs because of increased
competition for employees, higher employee turnover rates, increases in the federal, state or local minimum wage or other employee benefits
costs (including costs associated with health insurance coverage), our operating expenses could increase, and our growth could be negatively
impacted. 

In
addition, our success depends in part upon our ability to attract, motivate and retain enough well-qualified restaurant operators and
management personnel, as well as a sufficient number of other qualified employees, including customer service and kitchen staff, to keep
pace with our expansion schedule. In addition, restaurants have traditionally experienced relatively high employee turnover rates. Although
we have not yet experienced significant problems in recruiting or retaining employees, our ability to recruit and retain such individuals
may delay the planned openings of new restaurants or result in higher employee turnover in existing restaurants, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

20 

Various
federal and state employment laws govern the relationship with our employees and impact operating costs. These laws include employee
classification as exempt or non-exempt for overtime and other purposes, minimum wage requirements, unemployment tax rates, workers 
compensation rates, immigration status and other wage and benefit requirements. Significant additional government-imposed increases in
the following areas could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations: 

Minimum
 wages; 

Mandatory
 health benefits; 

Vacation
 accruals; 

Paid
 leaves of absence, including paid sick leave; and 

Tax
 reporting. 

We
could also become subject to fines, penalties and other costs related to claims that we did not fully comply with all recordkeeping obligations
of federal and state immigration compliance laws. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

We
are subject to risks arising under federal and state labor laws. 

We
are subject to risks under federal and state labor laws, including disputes concerning whether and when a union can be organized, and
once unionized, collective bargaining rights, various issues arising from union contracts, and matters relating to a labor strike. Labor
laws are complex and differ vastly from state to state. 

Our
business and the growth of our Company are dependent on the skills and expertise of management and key personnel. 

During
the upcoming stages of our Company s anticipated growth, we are entirely dependent upon the management skills and expertise of
our management and key personnel. We do not have employment agreements with many of our executive officers. The loss of services of our
executive officers could dramatically affect our business prospects. Certain of our employees are particularly valuable to us because: 

they
 have specialized knowledge about our company and operations; 

they
 have specialized skills that are important to our operations; or 

they
 would be particularly difficult to replace. 

If
the services of any key management personnel ceased to be available to us, our growth prospects or future operating results may be adversely
impacted. 

Our
food service business, gaming revenues and the restaurant industry are subject to extensive government regulation. 

We
are subject to extensive federal, state and local government regulation, including regulations relating to public
health, gambling, safety and zoning codes. We operate each of our locations in accordance with standards and procedures designed to comply
with applicable codes and regulations. However, if we could not obtain or retain food or other licenses, it would adversely affect our
operations. Although we have not experienced, and do not anticipate experiencing any significant difficulties, delays or failures in
obtaining required licenses, permits or approvals, any such problem could delay or prevent the opening of, or adversely impact the viability
of, a particular location or group of restaurants. 

Changing
conditions in the global economy and financial markets may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and ability
to raise capital. 

Our
business and results of operations may be materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and the economy generally. The demand
for our products could be adversely affected in an economic downturn and our revenues may decline under such circumstances. In addition,
we may find it difficult, or we may not be able, to access the credit or equity markets, or we may experience higher funding costs in
the event of adverse market conditions. Future instability in these markets could limit our ability to access the capital we require
to fund and grow our business. 

21 

Changes
to accounting rules or regulations may adversely affect the reporting of our results of operations. 

Changes
to existing accounting rules or regulations may impact the reporting of our future results of operations or cause the perception that
we are more highly leveraged. Other new accounting rules or regulations and varying interpretations of existing accounting rules or regulations
have occurred and may occur in the future. For instance, new accounting rules require lessees to capitalize operating leases in their
financial statements, which require us to record significant right of use assets and lease obligations on our balance sheet. This and
other future changes to accounting rules or regulations could have a material adverse effect on the reporting of our business, financial
condition and results of operations. In addition, many existing accounting standards require management to make subjective assumptions,
such as those required for stock compensation, tax matters, franchise accounting, acquisitions, litigation, and asset impairment calculations.
Changes in accounting standards or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management could significantly change
our reported or expected financial performance. 

We
may incur costs resulting from breaches of security of confidential consumer information related to our electronic processing of credit
and debit card transactions. 

Most
of our restaurant sales are by credit or debit cards. Other restaurants and retailers have experienced security breaches in which credit
and debit card information has been stolen. We may in the future become subject to claims for purportedly fraudulent transactions arising
out of the actual or alleged theft of credit or debit card information, and we may also be subject to lawsuits or other proceedings relating
to these types of incidents. In addition, most states have enacted legislation requiring notification of security breaches involving
personal information, including credit and debit card information. Any such claim or proceeding could cause us to incur significant unplanned
expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, adverse
publicity resulting from these allegations may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We
rely heavily on information technology, and any material failure, weakness, interruption or breach of security could prevent us from
effectively operating our business. 

We
rely heavily on information systems, including point-of-sale processing in our restaurants, for management of our supply chain, payment
of obligations, collection of cash, credit and debit card transactions and other processes and procedures. Our ability to efficiently
and effectively manage our business depends significantly on the reliability and capacity of these systems. Our operations depend upon
our ability to protect our computer equipment and systems against damage from physical theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure
or other catastrophic events, as well as from internal and external security breaches, viruses and other disruptive problems. The failure
of these systems to operate effectively, maintenance problems, upgrading or transitioning to new platforms, or a breach in security of
these systems could result in delays in customer service and reduce efficiency in our operations. Remediation of such problems could
result in significant, unplanned capital investments. 

Negative
publicity could reduce sales at some or all our restaurants. 

We
may, from time to time, be faced with negative publicity relating to food quality and integrity, the safety, sanitation and welfare of
our restaurant facilities, customer complaints, labor issues, or litigation alleging illness or injury, health inspection scores, integrity
of our or our suppliers food processing and other policies, practices and procedures, employee relationships and welfare or other
matters at one or more of our restaurants. Negative publicity may adversely affect us, regardless of whether the allegations are valid
or whether we are held to be responsible. The risk of negative publicity is particularly great with respect to our franchised restaurants
because we are limited in the manner in which we can regulate them, especially on a real-time basis and negative publicity from our franchised
restaurants may also significantly impact company-operated restaurants. A similar risk exists with respect to food service businesses
unrelated to us, if customers mistakenly associate such unrelated businesses with our operations. Employee claims against us based on,
among other things, wage and hour violations, discrimination, harassment or wrongful termination may also create not only legal and financial
liability but negative publicity that could adversely affect us and divert our financial and management resources that would otherwise
be used to benefit the future performance of our operations. These types of employee claims could also be asserted against us, on a co-employer
theory, by employees of our franchisees. A significant increase in the number of these claims or an increase in the number of successful
claims could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

22 

The
interests of our franchisees may conflict with ours or yours in the future and we could face liability from our franchisees or related
to our relationship with our franchisees. 

Franchisees,
as independent business operators, may from time to time disagree with us and our strategies regarding the business or our interpretation
of our respective rights and obligations under the franchise agreement and the terms and conditions of the franchisee/franchisor relationship
or have interests adverse to ours. This may lead to disputes with our franchisees, and we expect such disputes to occur from time to time
in the future as we continue to offer franchises. Such disputes may result in legal action against us. To the extent we have such disputes,
the attention, time and financial resources of our management and our franchisees will be diverted from our restaurants, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows even if we have a successful
outcome in the dispute. 

In
addition, various state and federal laws govern our relationship with our franchisees and our potential sale of a franchise. A franchisee
and/or a government agency may bring legal action against us based on the franchisee/franchisor relationship that could result in the
award of damages to franchisees and/or the imposition of fines or other penalties against us. 

We
are subject to a variety of laws, government regulation, and other legal requirements and any failure to comply with these laws and regulations
or any new laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

Our
business is subject to large number of federal and state laws and regulations, including those relating to: 

the
 serving alcoholic beverages; 

employment
 practices and working conditions, including, among others, minimum wage and other wage and
 benefit requirements, overtime pay, meal and rest breaks, predictive scheduling, paid leave
 requirements, work eligibility requirements, team member classification as exempt/non-exempt
 for overtime and other purposes, immigration status, workplace safety, discrimination, and
 harassment; 

public
 accommodations and safety conditions, including the Americans with Disabilities Act and similar
 state laws that give protections to individuals with disabilities in the context of employment,
 public accommodations, and other areas; 

environmental
 matters, such as emissions and air quality, water consumption, and the discharge, storage,
 handling, release, and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances; 

preparation,
 sale and labeling of food, including regulations of the Food and Drug Administration, including
 those relating to inspections and food recalls, menu labeling and nutritional content; 

data
 privacy laws and standards for the protection of personal information, including social security
 numbers, financial information (including credit card numbers), and health information, and
 payment card industry standards and requirements; 

building
 and zoning requirements, including state and local licensing and regulation governing the
 design and operation of facilities and land use, 

health,
 sanitation, safety and fire standards; and 

public
 company compliance, disclosure and governance matters, including accounting regulations and
 SEC disclosure requirements; 

Compliance
with these laws and regulations, and future new laws or changes in these laws or regulations that impose additional requirements, can
be costly. Failure to comply with the laws and regulatory requirements of federal, state and local authorities may result in, among other
things, revocation of required licenses, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability. Compliance with
these laws and regulations can increase our exposure to litigation or governmental investigations or proceedings. 

GENERAL
RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK 

We
have been delinquent in our SEC reporting obligations, which may continue to have an adverse effect on the liquidity and trading prices
of our common stock and could lead to the disqualification of our common stock for quotation on the OTC Markets Group, Inc. 

 We
have been delinquent in our SEC reporting obligations, which may continue to have an adverse effect on the liquidity and trading prices
of our common stock and could lead to the disqualification of our common stock for quotation on the OTC Markets Group, Inc. Our stock
was removed from quotation on the OTCQB due to this delinquency and, based on the rules of the OTC Marketsm we do not expect to have
our stock reinstated to the OTCQB once we become current in our filings with the SEC. Our Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March
31, 2023 currently remains delinquent. 

Trading
volume in our common stock is limited, which could increase price volatility for, and reduced liquidity of, our common stock. 

Trading
volume in our common stock is limited and an active trading market for our shares of common stock may never develop or be maintained.
The absence of an active trading market could increase price volatility and reduces the liquidity of our common stock and as a result,
the sale of a significant number of shares of common stock at any particular time could be difficult to achieve at the market prices
prevailing immediately before such shares are offered. 

Future
financings could adversely affect common stock ownership interest and rights in comparison with those of other security holders. 

Our
board of directors has the power to issue additional shares of common or preferred stock up to the amounts authorized in our certificate
of incorporation without stockholder approval, subject to restrictive covenants contained in our existing financing agreements. If additional
funds are raised through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders
will be reduced, and these newly issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders.
If we issue any additional common stock or securities convertible into common stock, such issuance will reduce the proportionate ownership
and voting power of each other stockholder. In addition, such stock issuances might result in a reduction of the book value of our common
stock. Any increase of the number of authorized shares of common stock or preferred stock would require board and shareholder approval
and subsequent amendment to our certificate of incorporation. 

Through December 31, 2023, Amergent did not have an
adequate amount of authorized common stock to cover shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and conversion of the 10 convertible
notes. 

23 

If
and when a larger trading market for our common stock develops, the market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile
and subject to wide fluctuations, and you may be unable to resell your shares at or above the price at which you acquired them. 

The
market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a number of
factors that are beyond our control, including, but not limited to: 

quarterly
 variations in our revenues and operating expenses; 

developments
 in the financial markets and worldwide or regional economies; 

announcements
 of innovations or new products, solutions or services by us or our competitors; 

announcements
 by the government relating to regulations that govern our industry; 

significant
 sales of our common stock or other securities in the open market; 

variations
 in interest rates; 

changes
 in the market valuations of other comparable companies; and 

changes
 in accounting principles. 

In
the past, stockholders have often instituted securities class action litigation after periods of volatility in the market price of a
company s securities. If a stockholder were to file any such class action suit against us, we would incur substantial legal fees
and our management s attention and resources would be diverted from operating our business to respond to the litigation, which
could harm our business. 

Recent
and future sales of securities by us in equity or debt financings could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and
have a material adverse effect on our earnings. 

Recent
and future sales of common stock or derivative securities by us in private placements or public offerings could result in substantial
dilution to our existing stockholders. In addition, our business strategy may include expansion through internal growth by acquiring
complementary businesses. In order to do so, or to finance the cost of our other activities, we may issue additional equity securities
that could dilute our stockholders stock ownership. We may also assume additional debt and incur impairment losses related to
goodwill and other tangible assets if we acquire another company and this could negatively impact our earnings and results of operations. 

Were
our common stock to be considered penny stock, and therefore subject to the penny stock rules, U.S. broker-dealers may be discouraged
from effecting transactions in shares of our common stock. 

The
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC has adopted a number of rules to regulate penny stock that
may restrict transactions involving shares of our common stock. Such rules include Rules 3a51-1, 15g-1, 15g-2, 15g-3, 15g-4, 15g-5, 15g-6,
15g-7, and 15g-9 under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These rules may have the effect of reducing the liquidity
of penny stocks. Penny stocks generally are equity securities with a price of less than 5.00 per share (other than securities
registered on certain national securities exchanges if current price and volume information with
respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system). Our securities have in the past constituted penny
stock within the meaning of the rule. Were our common stock to again be considered penny stock and therefore become
subject to the penny stock rules, the additional sales practice and disclosure requirements imposed upon U.S. broker-dealers may discourage
such broker-dealers from effecting transactions in shares of our common stock, which could severely limit the market liquidity of such
shares and impede their sale in the secondary market. 

A
U.S. broker-dealer selling a penny stock to anyone other than an established customer or accredited investor (generally,
an individual with net worth in excess of 1.0 million or an annual income exceeding 0.2 million, or 0.3 million together with his
or her spouse) must make a special suitability determination for the purchaser and must receive the purchaser s written consent
to the transaction prior to sale, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt. In addition, the penny stock regulations
require the U.S. broker-dealer to deliver, prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared in accordance
with SEC standards relating to the penny stock market, unless the broker-dealer or the transaction is otherwise exempt. A U.S. broker-dealer
is also required to disclose commissions payable to the U.S. broker-dealer and the registered representative and current quotations for
the securities. Finally, a U.S. broker-dealer is required to submit monthly statements disclosing recent price information with respect
to the penny stock held in a customer s account and information with respect to the limited market in penny stocks. 

24 

Stockholders
should be aware that, according to the SEC, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse.
Such patterns include (i) control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter
or issuer; (ii) manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; (iii)
 boiler room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons;
(iv) excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and (v) the wholesale dumping of the same
securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, resulting in investor losses. Our management
is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate
the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market, management will strive within the confines of practical
limitations to prevent the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities in the event our common stock were
to again be considered a penny stock and therefore become subject to penny stock rules. 

We
do not expect to pay dividends for the foreseeable future, and any return on investment may be limited to potential future appreciation
on the value of our common stock. 

We
currently intend to retain any future earnings to support the development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying
cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We do not pay dividends on our Series 2 Preferred. If dividends are declared on common stock,
dividends are payable on our outstanding 10 debenture and all of our outstanding warrants to the same extent that the holders would
have participated in the dividend if the holders held the number of shares of common stock acquirable upon complete conversion of the
debenture and/ or exercise of the warrants (as applicable) without regard to any limitations on exercise thereof, immediately before
the date of which a record is taken for such dividend. Our payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our board of
directors after taking into account various factors, including without limitation, our financial condition, operating results, cash needs,
growth plans and the terms of any credit agreements that we may be a party to at the time. To the extent we do not pay dividends, our
stock may be less valuable because a return on investment will only occur if and to the extent our stock price appreciates, which may
never occur. In addition, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation as the only way to realize their
investment, and if the price of our stock does not appreciate, then there will be no return on investment. Investors seeking cash dividends
should not purchase our common stock. 

The
rights of the holders of common stock may be impaired by outstanding class of Series 2 Preferred and potential issuance of other class(es)
of preferred stock in the future. 

Our
certificate of incorporation gives our board of directors the right to create new series of preferred stock. As a result, the board of
directors may, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting, dividend, conversion, liquidation or other rights which
could adversely affect the voting power and equity interest of the holders of common stock. Preferred stock, which could be issued with
the right to more than one vote per share, could be utilized as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change of control.
The possible impact on takeover attempts could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Although we have no present intention
to issue any additional shares of preferred stock or to create any new series of preferred stock, we may issue such shares in the future. 

Anti-takeover
provisions may limit the ability of another party to acquire us, which could cause our stock price to decline. 

We
are a Delaware corporation. Delaware law contains provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a third party from acquiring us,
even if doing so may be beneficial to our stockholders, which could cause our stock price to decline. In addition, these provisions could
limit the price investors would be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. 

25 

Non-U.S.
investors may have difficulty effecting service of process against us or enforcing judgments against us in courts of non-U.S. jurisdictions. 

We
are a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. All of our directors and officers reside in the United States. It
may not be possible for non-U.S. investors to effect service of process within their own jurisdictions upon our company and our directors
and officers. In addition, it may not be possible for non-U.S. investors to collect from our company, its directors and officers, judgments
obtained in courts in such non-U.S. jurisdictions predicated on non-U.S. legislation. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about us, our business or our market, or if they
change their recommendations regarding our stock adversely, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about
us, our business, our market or our competitors. If any of the analysts who may cover us change their recommendation regarding our stock
adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about our competitors, our stock price would likely decline. If any analyst
who may cover us were to cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial
markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

Through
our subsidiaries, we lease the land and buildings for 23 operating restaurant locations in the U.S. The terms for our leases vary from
two to twenty years and have options to extend. We lease some of our restaurant facilities under triple net leases that
require us to pay minimum rent, real estate taxes, maintenance costs and insurance premiums and, in some instances, percentage rent based
on sales in excess of specified amounts. Our corporate employees work from home. 

Our
facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is presently conducted. 

ITEM
3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Various
subsidiaries of Amergent are delinquent in payment of payroll taxes to taxing authorities. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 2.1
million of employee and employer taxes (including estimated penalties and interest) was accrued but not remitted in years prior to 2019
to certain taxing authorities by certain of these subsidiaries for cash compensation paid. As a result, these subsidiaries are liable
for such payroll taxes. These subsidiaries have received warnings and demands from the taxing authorities and management is prioritizing
and working with the taxing authorities to make these payments in order to avoid further penalties and interest. Failure to remit these
payments promptly could result in increased penalty fees. 

During
2022 and 2021, the Company was in arrears on rent due on several of its leases. As a result, the Company has pending litigation related
to one store which is permanently closed. The outcome of this litigation could result in the permanent closure of additional
restaurant locations as well as the possibility of the Company being required to pay interest and damages, modify certain leases on unfavorable
terms and could result in material impairments to the Company s assets. 

During 2022, our LBB locations were notified by the Department of Labor DOL of an audit concerning
tip pools at 15 of our LBB stores in and around Portland, OR metropolitan area. In January 2023, the DOL reported that its audit resulted
in one significant finding, that the Company improperly permitted supervisory in-store employees to participate in the tip
pool. DOL assessed a penalty of approximately 972,000 (equal to 486,000 in inappropriately paid tips multiplied by two pursuant to the
statute s liquidated damages provision). DOL offered to reduce that number in half to 486,000. The Company has fought back against
the finding, asserting that the alleged supervisors did not have sufficient supervisory responsibility to be deemed a supervisor 
under the statute. Currently, settlement discussions are in progress. DOL has reduced its amount to just under 170,000. The Company has
offered 25,000 to resolve the matter. It is difficult to predict at what amount the case may resolve. If it does not resolve, DOL can
choose to file the case in litigation or send right-to-sue letters to each impacted employee and former employee. Currently, we do not
believe it is likely that DOL will pursue litigation, having indicated that they would be discussing that option and opting not to pursue
anything at this time. If the case were to proceed to settle, we expect it would do so between the 25,000 and 170,000 amounts currently
on the table. The Company has recorded a charge of 25,000 as management believes this is the most likely outcome. 

From
time to time, the Company may be involved in other legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of business are
generally covered by insurance. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not expect the amount of ultimate liability with respect to
these matters to be material to the Company s consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

ITEM
4: MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

26 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had 15,706,736 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding, respectively, and approximately 230
shareholders of record and approximately 2,500 shareholders. Amergent s common stock is currently quoted on the Pink Open Market
of the OTC Markets Group, Inc. under the symbol AMHG. 

We
currently have no expectation to pay cash dividends to holders of our common stock in the foreseeable future. 

UNREGISTERED
SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

None
that have not previously been reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

EQUITY
COMPENSATION PLANS 

Pursuant
to the SEC s Regulation S-K Compliance and Disclosure Interpretation 106.01, the information required by this Item pursuant to
Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K relating to securities authorized for issuance under the Corporation s equity compensation plans
is located in Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our financial statements
and the related notes and the other financial information included elsewhere in this Report. This discussion contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Report, particularly those under Risk
Factors. 

Overview

As
of December 31, 2022, we operated and franchised a system-wide total of 34 fast casual restaurants of which 23 are company-owned and
included in our consolidated financial statements, and 11 are owned and operated by franchisees under franchise agreements. 

American
Burger Company ABC was a fast-casual dining chain consisting of locations in North Carolina and New York, known for its
diverse menu featuring fresh salads, customized burgers, milk shakes, sandwiches, and beer and wine. As of December 31, 2022, all locations
are closed. 

The
Burger Joint BGR consists of five company-owned locations in the United States and seven franchisee-operated locations
in the United States. 

Little
Big Burger LBB consists of 14 company-owned locations in the Portland, Oregon and Charlotte, North Carolina areas. One
location was temporarily closed until it re-opened at the end of June 2022 due to lack of available employees. Of the company-owned restaurants,
10 of those locations are operated under partnership agreements with investors we have determined we are the primary beneficiary as we
control the management and operations of the stores, and the partner supplies the capital to open the store in exchange for a non-controlling
interest. 

We acquired Pie Squared Holdings LLC PIE or Pie Squared Holdings on August 30, 2021.
Pie Squared Holdings, directly and through its four wholly owned subsidiaries, owns, operates and franchises pizza restaurants operating
under the tradename PizzaRev. At December 31, 2022, the company had one company-owned location and four franchised locations. 

Our Jantzen Beach, Oregon location was a former Hooters of America location. This location is now home to our Jaybee s
Chicken Place, serving a selection of fast casual chicken. Next door to Jaybee s is The Nest and The Roost, offering video gaming,
pool tables and drinks. These locations opened on October 8, 2022. 

27 

Acquisition 

On
August 30, 2021, the Company purchased all of the outstanding membership interests in Pie Squared Holdings LLC Pie Squared Holdings pursuant to a Unit Purchase Agreement Purchase Agreement ). The purchase price is an 8 secured, convertible promissory
note Note with a face value of 1.0 million and a fair value of 1.2 million at the acquisition date. Transaction costs
of 0.2 million were incurred in connection with the acquisition and charged to general and administrative expenses in the consolidated
statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Recent
Developments 

In
March 2022, we commenced a private placement of up to 3.0 million of 8 senior unsecured convertible debentures (the 8 Convertible
Debt and 3,000,000 common stock warrants. Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, we issued 1.35 million of 8 Convertible
Debt and warrants to purchase the number of shares of our common stock equal to the principal amount of 8 Convertible Debt issued. The
8 Convertible Debt matures 18 months after issuance and is subject to acceleration in the event of customary events of default. Interest
is payable quarterly in cash. The 8 Convertible Debt may be converted by the holders at any time at a fixed conversion price of 0.40
per share, and each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of 0.50 per share. Both the
notes and the warrants include a beneficial ownership blocker of 4.99 and contain customary provisions preventing dilution and providing
the holders rights in the event of fundamental transactions. Upon the earlier of the maturity date or the one-year anniversary of conversion
of the 8 Convertible Debt, holders of 51 of the registrable securities may request the Company to file a registration statement for
the securities. The warrants can be exercised on a cashless basis and expire five years from the issuance date. If the Company makes
any distribution to the common stockholders, the holders of the warrants will be entitled to participate on an as-if-exercised basis. 

In
connection with the issuance of the 8 Convertible Debt, the maturity date of the existing 10 secured convertible debenture 10 
Convertible Debt was extended to April 1, 2024, and the holder of the existing 10 Convertible Debt agreed to subordinate payment
of its 10 Convertible Debt to payment of the 8 Convertible Debt. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received related party advances in the aggregate of 0.6 million from an entity in which the Chief
Financial Officer serves as an officer but has no ownership interest. 

In
January 2023, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with Boudreaux s Cajun Kitchen, Inc. to acquire the Houston,
Texas based brand and its four restaurant locations for an aggregate purchase price of 3.8 million. In March 2023, the transaction closed
for cash consideration of 1.3 million and a convertible promissory note of 2.5 million. In connection with the transaction, the Company
paid an affiliate of Oz Rey an aggregate fee of 0.3 million. The convertible promissory note accrues interest at a rate of 6.0 per
annum and will mature two years from the date of closing, with 1.3 million of the principal balance of the note due and payable in July
2023. The note may be converted, at the option of the holder, into shares of common stock at a conversion price of 0.50 per share. The
convertible promissory note may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time, without premium or penalty. 

In
February 2023, the Company closed a 2.5 million Series B convertible preferred stock (the Series B Preferred and warrant
financing with an affiliate of Oz Rey. The Company issued 125 shares of Series B Preferred and warrants to purchase up to 1,250,000 shares
of common stock at a 0.0001 par value. The warrants have a term of 10 years and an initial exercise price of 1.00 per share of common
stock, which is subject to adjustment for customary provisions such as stock splits, stock dividends and distributions. 

The
Series B Preferred is convertible into shares of common stock at the option of the investors at a conversion price of 0.50 per share
and will accrue dividends in an amount equal to 12 on an annual basis, payable in cash or in shares of common stock based on 30-day
volume-weighted average price of common stock on the trading market. The Company has the right to redeem the Series B Preferred subject
to certain terms. 

28 

Recent
Business Trends 

Throughout
2022, we faced varying degrees of COVID-19 pandemic related pressures. In spite of this, our sales have continued to increase from when
compared to the corresponding quarters in 2021. Our revenue for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 was 21.3 million and 20.7 million, respectively.
This represents an annual increase in revenue of 3.1 . 

Looking
forward to 2023, we anticipate continued inflationary pressures on our restaurant cost of sales and restaurant operating expenses. We
also face a tight and competitive labor market throughout all locations. Our management team has and will continue to innovatively approach
these challenges. 

Future
Plans 

The
Company has three core restaurant groups: Boudreaux s Cajun Restaurants, Little Big Burger, The Burger Joint, as well as a one-off
gaming concept. 

In
March 2023, we finalized the purchase of Boudreaux s Cajun Kitchen with four locations in Houston, Texas. We anticipate expanding
this restaurant concept throughout the southern United States. 

For
the Little Big Burger concept, we do not anticipate opening new units in the near term. 

We
are actively pursuing the sale of additional The Burger Joint franchises and finding additional Company managed location opportunities. 

The
Company will continue looking for acquisition opportunities that will add value to our core concepts. 

In
2022, the Company closed several underperforming stores. We believe that the remaining stores are cash flow positive at the store level.
Our challenge remains the cost of being a public company. We plan to continue to find acquisition candidates and to add to our concepts
so that, company-wide, we become cash flow positive. 

COVID-19
Pandemic Update 

Since
at least March 2020, when it was first characterized as a global pandemic, COVID-19 dramatically impacted and continues to impact the
global health and economic environments, including millions of confirmed cases and deaths, business slowdowns or shutdowns (including
shutdowns or severe restrictions of capacity in our dining rooms at various points in time), labor shortfalls, supply chain challenges,
regulatory challenges, inflationary pressures and market volatility. As a result, we began fiscal 2021 with significant limitations on
our operations, which over the course of the fiscal year varied widely from time to time, state to state and city to city and negatively
impacted our sales. Once COVID-19 vaccines were approved and moved into wider distribution in the United States in early to mid-2021,
public health conditions improved and almost all of the COVID-19 restrictions on businesses eased. 

We
may face future business disruptions and related risks resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic or from another pandemic, epidemic or infectious
disease outbreak, or from broader macroeconomic trends, any of which could have a significant impact on our business. In addition, while
all of our restaurants had open dining rooms as of December 31, 2022, we continue to experience staffing challenges, including higher
wage inflation, overtime costs and other labor related costs. We also continue to experience inflationary pressures, which resulted in
increased commodity prices and impacted our business and results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. We expect these
pressures to continue during fiscal year 2023. 

29 

PPP
Loan 

On
March 27, 2020, Congress passed The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act ), which included the
Paycheck Protection Program PPP for small businesses. On April 27, 2020, Amergent received a PPP loan of 2.1 million.
Due to the Spin-Off and Merger, Amergent was not publicly traded at the time of the loan application or funding. The note bore interest
at 1 per year, was due to mature in April 2022, and required monthly interest and principal payments of approximately 0.1 million beginning
in November 2020 and through maturity. On February 25, 2021, the Company received a second PPP loan in the amount of 2.0 million. The
note bore interest at 1 per year, was due to mature on February 25, 2026, and required monthly principal and interest payments of approximately
 45,000 beginning June 25, 2022 through maturity. On November 15, 2022 and December 16, 2022, the Company received notice from the SBA
that the first and second PPP loans, respectively, had been fully forgiven with accrued interest. 

Employee
Retention Credit 

The
Employee Retention Credit ERC under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act is a refundable tax credit which encouraged businesses to keep employees on the payroll during the COVID-19 pandemic. Although the program
ended on January 1, 2022, the Company performed an analysis during the current period and determined that it was eligible for additional
credits related to 2021 wages. As of each of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, approximately 0.8 million of ERC is included in
accounts and other receivables in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company recognized 0.7 million and 2.5 million for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of ERC as a contra-expense included in employee retention credit and other grant income
in the consolidated statements of operations. 

In
addition to the ERC, the Company received credits under other government/government agency programs of approximately 128,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2021, of which approximately 84,000 were recorded as an offset to restaurant operating expenses
and 44,000 as other income, respectively, in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Restaurant
Revitalization Fund 

The
American Rescue Plan Act established the Restaurant Revitalization Fund RRF to provide funding to help restaurants and
other eligible businesses keep their doors open. This program provided restaurants with funding equal to their pandemic-related revenue
loss up to 10.0 million per business and no more than 5.0 million per physical location. Recipients are not required to repay the funding
as long as funds are used for eligible uses no later than March 11, 2023. In 2021 and prior to its acquisition by the Company in August
2021, Pie Squared Holdings received a grant under the U.S. Small Business Administration s U.S. SBA RRF for approximately
 10.0 million. The proceeds received were mainly used to repay existing debt and to also pay operating expenses. The unused funds received
under the RRF at closing of the acquisition were 2.0 million, and these funds were placed into escrow for the benefit of the Company
for working capital to be used solely in the operations of the acquired business. Restricted cash and a deferred grant income liability
were recorded for the unused proceeds from the RRF, and grant income is being recognized as the Company expends the funds on eligible
costs incurred under the RRF post acquisition. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had restricted cash of nil and 1.7 million,
respectively, related to the unused proceeds from the RRF. The Company recognized 1.5 million and 0.5 million for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the RRF as a contra-expense included in employee retention credit and other grant income
and in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, all RRF funds were utilized. 

30 

RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 COMPARED TO THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Our
results of operations are summarized below: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

(in thousands) 
 Amount 
 of Revenue 
 Amount 
 of Revenue 
 Change 
 
 Revenue: 

Restaurant sales, net 
 19,678 
 92.4 
 19,797 
 95.9 
 (0.6 
 
 Gaming income, net 
 493 
 2.3 
 403 
 1.9 
 22.3 
 
 Franchise income 
 1,123 
 5.3 
 452 
 2.2 
 148.5 
 
 Total revenue 
 21,294 
 
 20,652 

Expenses: 

Restaurant cost of sales 
 6,377 
 32.4 
 6,172 
 31.2 
 3.3 
 
 Restaurant operating expenses 
 15,089 
 76.7 
 13,262 
 67.0 
 13.8 
 
 Restaurant pre-opening and closing expenses 

8 
 
 (100.0 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 5,584 
 26.2 
 5,210 
 25.2 
 7.2 
 
 Asset impairment charges 
 3,208 
 15.1 
 1,456 
 7.1 
 120.3 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 693 
 3.3 
 1,047 
 5.1 
 (33.8 
 
 Employee retention credit and other grant income 
 (2,208 
 (10.4 
 (3,009 
 (14.6 
 (26.6 
 
 Total expenses 
 28,743 
 
 24,146 

Operating loss 
 (7,449 
 
 (3,494 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 
 (886 
 (4.2 
 (656 
 (3.2 
 35.1 
 
 Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

119 
 0.6 
 (100.0 
 
 Change in fair value of investment 
 (38 
 (0.2 
 (244 
 (1.2 
 (84.4 
 
 Change in fair value of convertible promissory note 
 99 
 0.5 
 95 
 0.5 
 4.2 
 
 Gain on sale of subsidiary 

58 
 0.3 
 (100.0 
 
 Gain on extinguished/settled lease liabilities 
 256 
 1.2 
 412 
 2.0 
 (37.9 
 
 Gain on extinguished trade payable 
 161 
 0.8 

100.0 
 
 Gain on loan forgiveness 
 4,201 
 19.7 

100.0 
 
 Other income 
 354 
 1.7 
 310 
 1.5 
 13.9 
 
 Total other income 
 4,147 
 
 94 

Loss before income taxes 
 (3,303 
 
 (3,400 

Income tax expense 
 (42 
 (0.2 
 (118 
 (0.6 
 (64.4 
 
 Consolidated net loss 
 (3,346 
 
 (3,518 

Restaurant cost of sales and operating expenses percentages are based on restaurant sales, net. Other percentages are based on total
revenue. 

31 

Revenue 

Total
revenue increased 0.6 million or 3.1 during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Amount 
 of Revenue 
 Amount 
 of Revenue 
 
 (in thousands) 

Restaurant sales, net 
 19,678 
 92.4 
 19,797 
 95.9 
 
 Gaming income, net 
 493 
 2.3 
 403 
 2.0 
 
 Franchise income 
 1,123 
 5.3 
 452 
 2.2 
 
 Total revenue 
 21,294 
 100.0 
 20,652 
 100.0 

Revenue
 from restaurant sales decreased 0.1 million or 0.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022,
 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, due to a net decrease of six company owned
 stores. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 20 and 29 company owned stores,
 respectively. 

Franchise
 income increased 0.7 million or 148.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared
 to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to 0.7 million of franchise income recognized
 in March 2022 as a result of the Company terminating its international Master Franchise Agreements
 as the requirements in the agreement had not been met and all international stores had been
 closed. The Master Franchisee notified the Company that it would not be reopening these stores.
 In addition, contract liabilities decreased 0.7 million as a result of the termination of
 the international Master Franchise Agreements. 

Expenses 

Restaurant
cost of sales 

Restaurant
cost of sales increased 0.2 million or 3.3 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Restaurant
cost of sales as a percentage of restaurant sales increased to 32.4 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 31.2 for the year
ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to rising food costs. 

Restaurant
operating expenses 

Restaurant
operating expenses increased 1.8 million or 13.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021,
primarily due to an overall increase in payroll cost with cost-of-living increases across the board for our employees. 

General
and administrative expense G A 

G A
expenses increased 0.4 million or 7.2 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily
due to the net effect of (i) increase in salary and benefits of 0.7 million, primarily due to the addition of two senior management
personnel and an increase in our employee headcount from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 (ii) a decrease in audit, legal and other
professional services of 0.4 million primarily due to a decrease in necessary legal and professional services in 2022 compared to 2021. 

32 

Significant
components of G A are summarized as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 (in thousands) 

Audit, legal and other professional services 
 1,905 
 2,314 
 
 Salary and benefits 
 2,814 
 2,129 
 
 Advertising, insurance and other 
 752 
 672 
 
 Stockholder services and fees 
 44 
 31 
 
 Travel and entertainment 
 69 
 64 
 
 Total G A expenses 
 5,584 
 5,210 

Asset
impairment charges 

Asset
impairment charges of an aggregate 3.2 million were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022, which consisted of an impairment
on (i) right-of-use asset of 1.8 million (ii) property and equipment of 0.8 million, (iii) trademark/tradenames of 0.3 million, and
(iv) franchise rights of 0.3 million, primarily due to ongoing cash flow implications from the change in consumer dining habits in the
aftermath of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Asset
impairment charges of 1.5 million were recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we
recorded an impairment on trademark/tradenames of approximately 0.3 million, property and equipment of approximately 0.4 million and
right-of-use asset of approximately 0.7 million primarily due to ongoing cash flow implications resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Employee
retention credit and other grant income 

Employee
Retention Credit ERC . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized 0.7 million and 2.5
million, respectively, of ERC as a contra-expense included in employee retention credit and grant income in the consolidated statements
of operations. Although the program ended on January 1, 2022, the Company performed an analysis during 2022 and determined that it was
eligible for additional credits related to 2021 wages. 

Restaurant
Revitalization Fund RRF . Pie Squared Holdings, which we acquired during August 2021, received a grant under the RRF
and 2.0 million of unused funds at the closing of the acquisition were placed into escrow for our benefit. For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized 1.5 million and 0.5 million, respectively, related to the RRF as a contra-expense included
in employee retention credit and other grant income in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, there was
no remaining available for future recognition under the RRF. 

For
additional information, see Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. 

Other
Income (Expense) 

Interest
expense 

Interest
expense was 0.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This is
consistent with the rising interest rates on new borrowings in 2022. 

Change
in fair value of derivative liabilities 

There
were no derivative liabilities recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the change
in fair value of derivative liabilities was a gain of 0.1 million related to the True-Up Payment derivative. Derivative liabilities
were marked to market on a quarterly basis and fluctuations in value are reflective of the fair market value at the point in time at
which the instruments were measured. The True-Up Payment derivative was settled in July 2021 with a cash payment of 0.1 million. 

33 

Change
in fair value of investment 

Our
investment represents the fair value of the common stock of Sonnet held by the Company after its exercise of warrants received in connection
with the Merger. We recognized a loss in fair value of 38,000 and 0.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively
as a result of decreases in Sonnet s common stock price. 

Change
in fair value of convertible promissory note 

In
August 2021, we issued an 8 secured, convertible promissory note as consideration for the acquisition of Pie Squared Holdings. We have
elected to measure the convertible promissory note at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in operations. We recognized
a change in fair value of 0.1 million and 0.1 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Gain
on extinguished/settled lease liabilities 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized a gain on extinguished/settled lease liabilities of 0.3 million and 0.4 million.
The gain recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 was the result settlements of outstanding lease liabilities. The gain recognized
during the year ended December 31, 2021 was due to the derecognition of operating lease liabilities resulting from our negotiation of
the cancellation of our obligations under certain lease agreements resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Gain
on extinguished trade payable 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a gain on extinguished trade payable of 0.2 million due to the settlement of outstanding
amounts with a supplier. There were no trade payable extinguishments during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Gain
on loan forgiveness 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a gain on loan forgiveness of 4.2 million due to the forgiveness of the PPP loans, plus
accrued interest. There was no loan forgiveness during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Other
income (expense) 

Other
income increased 43,000 or 13.9 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due
to (i) a gain of 0.1 million recognized as a result of franchise-related litigation settlement and (ii) a dividend received during 2022
from our investment in Hooters of America of approximately 0.1 million. 

STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 COMPARED TO THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 (in thousands) 

Net cash flows used in operating activities 
 (3,711 
 (4,474 
 
 Net cash flows (used in) provided by investing activities 
 (315 
 2,978 
 
 Net cash flows provided by financing activities 
 2,083 
 1,902 
 
 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 
 (16 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and restricted cash 
 (1,943 
 390 

Operating
activities 

Cash
used in operating activities was primarily attributable to the net effect of (i) non-cash income of 4.2 million related to the gain
recognized on the forgiveness of our PPP loans, (ii) a net loss of 3.3 million, (iii) asset impairment charges of 3.2 million, (iv)
 2.0 million related to depreciation and amortization, (v) 0.3 million related to the gain on extinguished/settled lease liabilities
and (vi) 0.2 million recognized for a gain on extinguished trade payable. The balance of the change in cash flows from operating activities
was related to net movements in asset and liability accounts. 

34 

Cash
used in operating activities was approximately 4.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This use of cash was primarily driven
by the net loss incurred of 3.5 million offset by non-cash charges to operations of 3.2 million. The non-cash charges in 2021 consist
primarily of asset impairment charges of 1.5 million, depreciation and amortization of property and equipment, intangible assets and
right-of-use assets totaling 2.0 million and amortization of debt discount of 0.2 million, offset by gain on extinguished lease liabilities
of 0.4 million and gain on sale of subsidiary of 0.1 million. The balance of the change in cash flows from operating activities was
related to net movements in asset and liability accounts. 

Investing
activities 

Cash
used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to outflows from the purchase of property
and equipment. 

Cash
provided by investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily related to 2.0 million cash and restricted cash
acquired in connection with the acquisition of Pie Squared Holdings, 0.6 million net proceeds from the sale of the UK subsidiary and
 0.5 million proceeds from the sale of investments. 

Financing
activities 

Cash
provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to proceeds of 1.4 million related
to the issuance of 8 senior unsecured convertible debentures and proceeds of 1.1 million related to the issuance of notes payable,
partially offset by 0.4 million in payments of long-term debt and notes payable. 

Cash
provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to proceeds from the 2.0 million PPP
loan. 

LIQUIDITY,
CAPITAL RESOURCES AND GOING CONCERN 

As
of December 31, 2022, our cash balance was 0.4 million, of which none was restricted, our working capital deficiency was 16.3 million
and we had significant near-term commitments and contractual obligations. The level of additional cash needed to fund operations and
our ability to conduct business for the next 12 months will be influenced primarily by the following factors: 

our
 ability to access the capital and debt markets to satisfy current obligations and operate the business; 

our
 ability to qualify for and access financial stimulus programs available through federal and state government programs; 

our
 ability to refinance or otherwise extend maturities of current debt obligations; 

our
 ability to manage our operating expenses and maintain gross margins; 

popularity
 of and demand for our fast-casual dining concepts; and 

general
 economic conditions and changes in consumer discretionary income. 

We
have typically funded our operating costs, acquisition activities, working capital requirements and capital expenditures with proceeds
from the issuances of our common stock and other financing arrangements, including convertible debt, lines of credit, notes payable,
capital leases, government stimulus funds and other forms of external financing. 

As
we execute our business plan over the next 12 months, we intend to carefully monitor the impact of our working capital needs and cash
balances relative to the availability of cost-effective debt and equity financing. In the event that capital is not available, we may
then have to scale back or freeze our operations plans, sell assets on less than favorable terms, reduce expenses, and/or curtail future
acquisition plans to manage our liquidity and capital resources. 

35 

Our
current operating losses combined with our working capital deficit raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

In
addition, our business is subject to additional risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, those described in Item 1A. Risk
Factors . 

The
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset
amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

CRITICAL
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Our
reported results of operations and financial position are dependent upon the application of certain accounting policies and estimates
that require subjective or complex judgments. Such estimates are inherently uncertain and changes in such estimates could have a significant
impact on reported results and balances for the periods presented as well as future periods. The following is a description of what we
consider to be our most critical accounting policies. 

Leases 

We
determine if a contract contains a lease at inception. Our material operating leases consist of restaurant locations and office space.
Our leases generally have remaining terms of 1-20 years and most include options to extend the leases for additional 5-year periods.
Generally, the lease term is the minimum of the noncancelable period of the lease or the lease term inclusive of reasonably certain renewal
periods up to a term of 20 years. If the estimate of our reasonably certain lease term was changed, our depreciation and rent expense
could differ materially. 

Operating
lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date. Operating lease liabilities represent the present value of
lease payments not yet paid. Operating lease assets represent our right to use an underlying asset and are based upon the operating lease
liabilities adjusted for prepayments or accrued lease payments, initial direct costs, lease incentives, and impairment of operating lease
assets. To determine the present value of lease payments not yet paid, we estimate incremental borrowing rates corresponding to the reasonably
certain lease term. As we have no committed credit facilities, secured or otherwise, we estimate this rate based on prevailing financial
market conditions, comparable company and credit analysis, and management judgment. If the estimate of our incremental borrowing rate
was changed, our operating lease assets and liabilities could differ materially. 

Estimated
Lease Termination and Other Closing Costs 

Once
we have determined that a restaurant location is to be closed, we estimate the expected proceeds to be received from such disposal and
impair the carrying value of the net assets of such locations to this estimate and report these net assets as assets held for sale. Our
estimate of disposal proceeds is dependent upon multiple assumptions including our ability to identify a buyer as well as the general
market for commercial real estate at the expected time of disposal. Actual results could significantly differ from these estimates, which
could result in a significant impact to reported operations in future periods. Assets that have been impaired to their estimated disposal
proceeds are maintained at the lower of this new carrying value or the most recently developed estimate of eventual proceeds. 

Intangible
Assets 

Trademark/Tradenames 

Certain
of the Company s trademark/tradenames have been classified as indefinite-lived intangible assets and are not amortized, but instead
are reviewed for impairment at least annually or more frequently if indicators of impairment exist. Definite lived intangible assets
are assessed for impairment using methods discussed below in the long-lived assets section. The Company s indefinite-lived
intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually by estimating their fair value and comparing it to the asset s carrying
value. The Company estimates the fair value of indefinite-lived tradenames using the relief-from-royalty method, which requires assumptions
related to projected sales from its annual long-range plan; assumed royalty rates that could be payable if the Company did not own the
trademarks; and a discount rate. 

36 

Long-Lived
Assets 

Long-lived
assets, such as property and equipment, operating lease assets, and purchased intangible assets subject to depreciation and amortization,
are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
Some of the events or changes in circumstances that would trigger an impairment test include, but are not limited to: 

significant
 under-performance relative to expected and/or historical results (negative comparable sales growth or operating cash flows for two
 consecutive years); 

significant
 negative industry or economic trends; 

knowledge
 of transactions involving the sale of similar property at amounts below the Company s carrying value; or 

the
 Company s expectation to dispose of long-lived assets before the end of their estimated useful lives, even though the assets
 do not meet the criteria to be classified as Held for Sale. 

If
circumstances require a long-lived asset or asset group be tested for possible impairment, the Company first compares undiscounted cash
flows expected to be generated by that asset or asset group to its carrying value. If the carrying value of the long-lived asset or asset
group is not recoverable on an undiscounted cash flow basis, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the carrying value exceeds
its fair value. Fair value is determined through various valuation techniques, including discounted cash flow models, quoted market values
and third-party independent appraisals, as considered necessary. 

Due
to the continued impact of this pandemic on the Company s business, management performed an impairment analysis of its long-lived
assets as of each quarter end during 2021 and determined that the carrying value of the Company s trademark/tradenames intangible
asset, property and equipment and operating lease assets were impaired for an aggregate amount 1.5 million for the years ended December
31, 2021. The determination was based on the best judgment of management for the future of the assets and on information known at the
time of the assessment. During 2022, primarily as a result of multiple permanent store closures, the Company determined that triggering
events occurred requiring management to review certain long-lived assets for impairment and determined that the carrying value of the
Company s trademark/tradenames intangible asset, acquired franchise rights intangible asset, property and equipment and operating
lease assets were impaired. resulting in an aggregate impairment charge of 3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The determinations
were based on the best judgment of management for the future of the assets and on information known at the time of the assessment. 

Goodwill

Goodwill
is not subject to amortization but is tested at least annually or when impairment indicators are present. When evaluating goodwill
for impairment, the Company may first perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that a
reporting unit is impaired. Management has determined that the Company only has one reporting unit. If the Company does not perform
a qualitative assessment or determines that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its
carrying amount, a quantitative assessment is performed to calculate the estimated fair value of the reporting unit. If the carrying
amount of the reporting unit exceeds the estimated fair value, an impairment charge is recorded to reduce the carrying value to the
estimated fair value. The Company s decision to perform a qualitative impairment assessment is influenced by a number of
factors, including the significance of the excess of the reporting unit s estimated fair value over carrying value at the last
quantitative assessment date, the amount of time in between quantitative fair value assessments, and the price of our common stock.
Impairment is measured as the excess of carrying value of the goodwill to its estimated fair value. Due to the ongoing impact of the
COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business during 2021 and changing consumer habits, macroeconomic trends and poor
performance and the ultimate closure of certain stores during 2022, management performed an impairment analysis of goodwill as of
each quarter end during 2022 and 2021, the result of the analysis was that due to the negative carrying value of the reporting unit
no impairment was recorded in either year. 

37 

Business
Combination Accounting 

Accounting
for assets acquired, liabilities assumed and consideration transferred in a business combination requires Amergent s management
to exercise judgment and make estimates and assumptions regarding fair value. The Company acquired Pie Squared Holdings during the year
ended December 31, 2021, resulting in the Company recording the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at fair value on the acquisition
date, as well as fair valuing the convertible promissory note issued as consideration for the business combination. The Company elected
the fair value option to account for the convertible promissory note. The convertible promissory note was initially recorded at fair
value at the acquisition date and will be subsequently remeasured to fair value at each reporting date, with changes recognized in the
consolidated statement of operations until the liability is repaid or converted into common stock. 

In
addition, the Company assumed all the rights and obligations of Pie Squared Holdings that arose from transactions of Pie Squared Holdings
prior to the business combination, both stated rights and obligations as well as those that are contingent. Pie Squared Holdings applied
for and received an approximately 10.0 million grant from the U.S. SBA under the RRF and used approximately 8.0 million to repay existing
debt of Pie Squared Holdings and to fund some of its operating expenses. Under the RRF there is a requirement that the grant monies be
for eligible uses. The Company, through the structure of the acquisition, is now responsible that the grant proceeds were,
in fact, properly obtained and disbursed for eligible uses. If it is determined that Pie Squared Holdings obtained the
grant improperly or the disbursement of such grant monies were not eligible uses, then the Company would be responsible
for the ramifications of such actions, including repayment of the approximately 10.0 million of grant monies, among other items. Management
completed its analysis of this contingency and concluded that, at this time, a liability does not need to be recorded for this contingency.
In connection with the acquisition, the Company obtained an indemnification from the sellers which is inclusive of any matters related
to the RRF. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

A
description of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may potentially impact our financial position and results of operations
is disclosed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company, Amergent is not required to provide the information required by this Item 7A. 

38 

ITEM
8: FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Amergent
Hospitality Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Table
of Contents 

Page 
 Number 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 39 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 42 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 43 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 44 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Deficit 
 45 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 46 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 47 

39 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders 

 Amergent
Hospitality Group Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Charlotte,
North Carolina 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Amergent Hospitality Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders deficit,
and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company incurred approximately 3.3 million in losses for the year ended December 31, 2022, that included
 3.2 million in asset impairments, and the Company has a working capital deficit of approximately 16.3 million as of December 31, 2022.
These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s evaluations
of the events and conditions and management s plans regarding those matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

40 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets and Operating Lease Assets 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

The
Company periodically evaluates the carrying amounts of long-lived assets when events and circumstances warrant such a review in order
to ascertain whether any of these assets is impaired. As a result of multiple store abandonments during fiscal year 2022, management
performed an impairment analysis at the store-level, which represents the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are independent
of the cash flows of other assets. The carrying amount of long-lived assets and operating lease assets is considered impaired when the
carrying value of the asset group exceeds the expected future cash flows from the asset group. As of December 31, 2022, long-lived assets
aggregated to approximately 2,360,000 and operating lease assets aggregated to approximately 4,976,000. During fiscal year 2022,
the Company recorded impairment charges of approximately 1,420,000 and 1,790,000 to long-lived assets and operating lease assets, respectively. 

Inherent
in the impairment analysis of long-lived assets and operating lease assets are certain significant judgments and estimates related to
forecasted cash flows and revenues. As disclosed by management, changes in these assumptions can significantly impact the valuation of
long-lived assets and operating lease assets, and recorded impairment charges thereover. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Our
audit procedures related to the forecasted cash flows and revenues used in the long-lived asset and operating lease asset impairment
analyses included the following: 

- Obtaining
 an understanding of the relevant controls related to management s evaluation of long-lived
 asset and operating lease asset impairment analyses. 

- Evaluating
 the reasonableness of management s cash flow forecasts by comparing the forecasts to
 historical performance, considering actual financial performance and management expectations
 for future performance. 

- Performing
 procedures including reviewing the sensitivity over the assumptions utilized in the impairment
 analyses to assess their impact on the determination of impairment. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

July 14, 2023 

41 

Amergent
Hospitality Group Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

(in thousands except share and per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Investments 

Accounts and other receivables 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease assets 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Investments 

Deposits and other assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Current portion of long-term debt and notes payable 

Current portion of operating lease liabilities 

Deferred grant income 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Contract liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Long-term debt and notes payable, net of current portion (includes debt measured at fair value of at December 31, 2021) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and contingencies (see Note 13) 
 - 
 - 

Convertible Preferred Stock: Series 2: stated value; authorized shares; issued and outstanding at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Common stock: par value; authorized shares; shares issued and outstanding at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Amergent Hospitality Group, Inc. Stockholders Deficit 

Non-controlling interests 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

42 

Amergent
Hospitality Group Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

Year Ended 
 
 (in thousands except share and per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Revenue: 

Restaurant sales, net 

Gaming income, net 

Franchise income 

Total revenue 

Expenses: 

Restaurant cost of sales 

Restaurant operating expenses 

Restaurant pre-opening and closing expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Asset impairment charges 

Depreciation and amortization 

Employee retention credit and other grant income 

Total expenses 

Operating loss 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Change in fair value of investment 

Change in fair value of convertible promissory note 

Gain on sale of subsidiary 

Gain on extinguished/settled lease liabilities 

Gain on extinguished trade payable 

Gain on forgiveness of Paycheck
 Protection Program loans 

Other income 

Total other income 

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Consolidated net loss 

Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net loss attributable to Amergent Hospitality Group Inc. 

Net loss attributable to Amergent Hospitality Group Inc. per common share, basic 

Net loss attributable to Amergent Hospitality Group Inc. per common share, diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding, basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

43 

Amergent
Hospitality Group Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

Year Ended 
 
 (in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Net loss attributable to Amergent Hospitality Group Inc. 

Foreign currency translation gain 

Comprehensive loss 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

44 

Amergent
Hospitality Group Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Deficit 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 

(in
 thousands except share data) 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 
 Interests 
 Total 

(Temporary
 equity) Preferred Series 2 Convertible 

Additional

Accumulated 
 Other 

Preferred Stock 
 
 Common
 Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated
 
 Comprehensive 
 Non-Controlling 

(in
 thousands except share data) 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 
 Interests 
 Total 
 
 Balance,
 January 1, 2021 

Conversion
 of preferred stock into common stock 
 
 () 

Common
 stock issued for compensation 

Share-based
 compensation expense 

Foreign
 currency translation 

Non-controlling
 interest distribution 

Net
 loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Share-based
 compensation expense 

Issuance
 of warrants 

Net
 loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

45 

Amergent
Hospitality Group Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

(in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 

Year Ended 
 
 (in thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash flows used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of operating lease assets 

Asset impairment charges 

Gain on extinguished/settled lease liabilities 

Gain on sale of subsidiary 

Gain on extinguished trade payable 

Share-based compensation 

Change in fair value of investment 

Change in fair value of convertible promissory note 

Amortization of debt discount 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

Gain on loan forgiveness 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts and other receivables 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred grant income 

Operating lease liabilities 

Contract liabilities 

Derivative liability 

Net cash flows used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Cash and restricted cash acquired in connection with acquisition 

Net proceeds from sale of subsidiary 

Proceeds from sale of investments 

Net cash flows (used in) provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from long-term debt and notes payable 

Payments of long-term debt and notes payable 

Payment of financing costs 

Distributions to non-controlling interest 

Net cash flows provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

Net (decrease) increase in cash and restricted cash 

Cash and restricted cash, beginning of period 

Cash and restricted cash, end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest and income taxes 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Non-cash operating, investing and financing activities: 

Conversion of Preferred Series 2 stock to common stock 

Change in operating lease assets and liabilities due to new and amended leases 

Issuance of warrants in connection with convertible promissory notes 

Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Issuance of convertible promissory note as consideration for acquisition 

Details of end of period cash and restricted cash: 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Total cash and restricted cash 

See
accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements 

46 

Amergent
Hospitality Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

. 

. 

LIQUIDITY,
CAPITAL RESOURCES AND GOING CONCERN 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s cash balance was million, its working capital deficiency was million and it had
significant near-term commitments and contractual obligations. The level of additional cash needed to fund operations and our ability
to conduct business for the next 12 months will be influenced primarily by the following factors: 

our
 ability to access the capital and debt markets to satisfy current obligations and operate the business; 

our
 ability to qualify for and access financial stimulus programs available through federal and state government programs; 

our
 ability to refinance or otherwise extend maturities of current debt obligations; 

our
 ability to manage our operating expenses and maintain gross margins; 

popularity
 of and demand for our fast-casual dining concepts; and 

general
 economic conditions and changes in consumer discretionary income. 

We
have typically funded our operating costs, acquisition activities, working capital requirements and capital expenditures with proceeds
from the issuances of our common stock and other financing arrangements, including convertible debt, lines of credit, notes payable,
capital leases, government stimulus funds and other forms of external financing. 

The
Company expects to have to seek additional debt or equity funding to support operations and there can be no assurances that such funding
would be available at commercially reasonable terms, if at all. 

As
Amergent executes its business plan over the next 12 months, it intends to carefully monitor its working capital needs and cash balances
relative to the availability of cost-effective debt and equity financing. In the event that capital is not available, Amergent may then
have to scale back or freeze its growth plans, sell assets on less than favorable terms, reduce expenses, and/or curtail future acquisition
plans to manage its liquidity and capital resources. 

The
Company s current operating losses, combined with its working capital deficit, raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to
continue as a going concern. 

million, respectively. The restricted cash was
maintained in a segregated bank account. The restricted cash at December 31, 2021 relates to the acquisition discussed in Note 3. 

- years 
 
 Restaurant furnishings and equipment 
 - years 
 
 Furniture and fixtures 
 - years 
 
 Office and computer equipment 
 - years 

years. The amortization expense of these definite-lived intangibles is included in depreciation and
amortization in the Company s consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Certain of the Company s trademark/tradenames
have been classified as indefinite-lived intangible assets and are not amortized. Definite lived intangible assets are assessed for impairment
the using methods discussed below in the long-lived assets section. The Company s indefinite-lived intangible assets are
tested for impairment at least annually by estimating their fair value and comparing it to the asset s carrying value. The Company
estimates the fair value of trademarks using the relief-from-royalty method, which requires assumptions related to projected sales from
its annual long-range plan; assumed royalty rates that could be payable if the Company did not own the trademarks; and a discount rate.

During
the first quarter of 2023, as a result of recent store closures, the Company reassessed the useful lives of the indefinite-lived trademark/tradenames
intangible assets, which had an aggregate carrying value of million as of December 31, 2022, and determined that they were no longer
considered to be indefinite. Prior to assigning useful lives to the previously indefinite-lived intangible assets, the Company tested
the assets for impairment, concluding that they were not impaired. Effective March 31, 2023, these trademark/tradenames intangible assets
were assigned a useful life of approximately five years, and the Company began amortizing their carrying values on a straight-line basis
over the remaining useful lives. 

Franchise
Rights 

As
of December 31, 2021, we had intangible assets related to initial franchise fees for our PizzaRev restaurants, which were amortized
over the five -year
life of the franchise agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that the franchise rights for PizzaRev restaurants
should be charged off. 

The
Company also has intangible assets representing the acquisition date fair value of customer contracts acquired in connection with BGR s
franchise business, which are amortized over the weighted average life of the underlying franchise agreements, which is the estimated
useful life. 

During
2021, primarily as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak, the Company determined that triggering events occurred requiring management to
review certain long-lived assets for impairment and determined that the carrying value of the Company s trademark/tradenames intangible
asset, property and equipment and operating lease assets were impaired. As a result, an aggregate impairment charge was recognized of
 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Additionally, during 2022, primarily as a result of multiple permanent store closures,
the Company determined that triggering events occurred requiring management to review certain long-lived assets for impairment and determined
that the carrying value of the Company s trademark/tradenames intangible asset, acquired franchise rights intangible asset, property
and equipment and operating lease assets were impaired. resulting in an aggregate impairment charge of million for the year ended
December 31, 2022. See Notes 7, 8 and 13 for further discussion. The determinations were based on the best judgment of management for
the future of the assets and on information known at the time of the assessment. 

million of franchise income as a result of the cancellation of its international Master
Franchise Agreements. The Company recognized million of revenue related to contract liabilities during the year ended December 31,
2021. 

million and million for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

years and most .
Generally, the lease term is the minimum of the non-cancelable period of the lease or the lease term inclusive of reasonably certain
renewal periods. If the estimate of our reasonably certain lease term was changed, our rent expense could differ materially. 

Operating
lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date. Operating lease liabilities represent the present value of
lease payments not yet paid. Operating lease assets represent our right to use an underlying asset and are based upon the operating lease
liabilities adjusted for prepayments or accrued lease payments, initial direct costs, lease incentives, and impairment of operating lease
assets. To determine the present value of lease payments not yet paid, we estimate incremental borrowing rates corresponding to the reasonably
certain lease term. We estimated this rate based on prevailing financial market conditions, comparable company and credit analysis, and
management judgment. If the estimate of our incremental borrowing rate was changed, our operating lease assets and liabilities could
differ materially. 

In
April 2020, the FASB staff issued a question-and-answer document FASB Q A focused on the application of lease accounting
guidance to lease concessions provided as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Under existing lease guidance, the Company would have to
determine, on a lease-by-lease basis, if a lease concession was the result of a new arrangement reached with the tenant or if a lease
concession was under the enforceable rights and obligations within the existing lease agreement. The FASB Q A allows the Company,
if certain criteria have been met, to bypass the lease-by-lease analysis, and instead elect to either apply the lease modification accounting
framework or not, with such election applied consistently to leases with similar characteristics and similar circumstances. The Company
elected to apply such relief and availed itself of the election to avoid performing a lease-by-lease analysis for the lease concessions
received as the concessions granted as relief were due to the COVID-19 pandemic and result in the cash flows to the landlord remaining
substantially the same or less. The Company received COVID-19-related lease concessions during 2021; however, none were received during
2022. 

The
Company estimates the fair value of employee and non-employee stock awards as of the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing
model. Management estimates the expected share price volatility based on the historical volatility of the Company. The expected term
of the Company s stock awards has been determined utilizing the simplified method for awards that qualify as plain vanilla 
stock awards. The risk-free interest rate is determined by reference to the yield curve of a zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bond on the date
of grant of the award for time periods approximately equal to the expected term of the award. Expected dividend yield is zero based on
the fact that the Company has never paid cash dividends on common stock and does not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. 

million of net
operating loss carryforwards available to the Company as of December 31, 2022 to offset future taxable income of the Company. Approximately
 million of the net operating loss carryforwards available will be limited by section 382 of the IRC. 

The
Company has provided a valuation allowance for the full amount of the deferred tax assets in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had no accrued interest or penalties relating to any income tax obligations. The Company currently
has no federal or state examinations in progress, nor has it had any federal or state tax examinations since its inception. The last
three years of the Company s tax years are subject to federal and state tax examination. 

secured, convertible promissory note Note with a face value of
 million and a fair value of million at the acquisition date. Transaction costs of million were incurred in connection
with the acquisition and charged to general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2021. Of the total transaction costs, million were for services provided by a related-party entity which is owned by
a major investor of the Company and the Company s Chief Financial Officer. 

Restricted cash 

Property and equipment 

Right of use asset 

Tradename/trademark intangible 

Franchise rights intangible 

Goodwill 

Security deposits and other assets 

Total assets acquired 

Liabilities assumed 

Gift card liability 

Deferred revenue 

Deferred grant income 

Right of use liability 

Total liabilities assumed 

Net purchase price 

Interest
on the Note is due at maturity on
 , the maturity date. The Note is convertible at any time, in whole or in part, at the holder s option but includes a beneficial ownership
blocker of . The conversion price at any time is the volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock the trading
days immediately prior to delivery of notice of conversion, less a discount of ; provided, however, that the conversion price has
a floor of per share and a cap of per share. The Note contains customary provisions preventing dilution and providing the
holder rights in the event of fundamental transactions. The Note is secured by various security and other instruments creating a first
priority lien on all of the membership interests and all of the assets of Pie Squared Holdings and subsidiaries in favor of the sellers.
The Note has an estimated fair value of million at the acquisition date as determined using a Monte Carlo simulation and the following
assumptions: 

Risk free rate 
 - 
 
 Stock price 

Credit spread 

In
2021, and prior to the acquisition, Pie Squared Holdings received a grant under the U.S. SBA s Restaurant Revitalization Fund for
approximately million. The proceeds received were mainly used to repay existing debt and to also pay operating expenses. The unused
funds received under the Restaurant Revitalization Fund at closing of million were placed into escrow for the benefit of the Company
for working capital to be used solely in the operations of the acquired business. The Company has periodically submitted to the escrow
agent the planned uses of these funds, and the sellers have the right to review the planned uses to determine whether, in the sellers 
opinion, the planned uses meet the criteria of eligible uses under the Restaurant Revitalization Fund. The Company has used all of the funds and submitted all reports to the escrow agent and as of December 31, 2022 there
were no funds or restricted cash available in the escrow account. 

Restricted
cash and a deferred grant income liability has been recorded on the opening balance sheet for the unused proceeds from the Restaurant
Revitalization Fund, and the liability is being reduced as the restricted cash is used for eligible costs incurred under the Restaurant
Revitalization Fund post acquisition. 

As
the Company acquired all the outstanding membership interests in Pie Squared Holdings, the Company assumed all the rights and obligations
of Pie Squared Holdings that arose from transactions of Pie Squared Holdings prior to the sale event, both stated rights and obligations
as well as those that are contingent, including Pie Squared Holdings grant from the U.S. SBA under the Restaurant Revitalization
Fund, as further described in Note 4. 

million of ERC is included in
accounts and other receivables in the consolidated balance sheets. The Company recognized million and million for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of ERC as a contra-expense included in employee retention credit and other grant income
in the consolidated statements of operations. 

In
addition to the ERC, the Company received credits under other government/government agency programs of approximately 
 for the year ended December 31, 2021, of which
approximately 
 were recorded as an offset to restaurant operating
expenses and as other income, respectively, in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Restaurant
Revitalization Fund 

. Recipients are not required to repay the funding
as long as funds are used for eligible uses no later than March 11, 2023. In 2021 and prior to its acquisition by the Company in August
2021, Pie Squared Holdings received a grant under the U.S. Small Business Administration s U.S. SBA RRF for approximately
 million. The proceeds received were mainly used to repay existing debt and to also pay operating expenses. The unused funds received
under the RRF at closing of the acquisition were million, and these funds were placed into escrow for the benefit of the Company
for working capital to be used solely in the operations of the acquired business. Restricted cash and a deferred grant income liability
were recorded for the unused proceeds from the RRF, and grant income is being recognized as the Company expends the funds on eligible
costs incurred under the RRF post acquisition. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had restricted cash of nil and million,
respectively, related to the unused proceeds from the RRF. The Company recognized million and million for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to the RRF as a contra-expense included in employee retention credit and other grant income
and in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, all RRF funds were utilized. 

As the Company acquired all the outstanding membership interests in Pie Squared Holdings, the Company is now
responsible that the grant proceeds were, in fact, properly obtained and disbursed for eligible uses. If it is determined
that Pie Squared Holdings obtained the grant improperly or that disbursements of such grant monies were not eligible uses, 
then the Company would be responsible for the ramifications of such actions, including repayment of the approximately million of
grant monies, among other items. Management completed its analysis of this contingency and concluded that, through the date at which
the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued, a liability does not need to be recorded for this contingency. In
connection with the acquisition, the Company obtained an indemnification from the sellers which is inclusive of any matters related to
the RRF. 

Liabilities (Note 9) 

Convertible note payable 

(in thousands) 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets (Level 1) 
 Significant Observable Inputs (Level 2) 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
 Total Fair Value 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Assets (Note 6) 

Common stock of Sonnet 

Liabilities (Note 9) 

Convertible note payable 

The
Company evaluated the convertible note payable issued in connection with the acquisition of Pie Squared Holdings (see Note 9) in accordance
with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging , and determined that the conversion price discount creates a derivative. This derivative
was not clearly and closely related to the debt host and was required to be separated and accounted for as a derivative instrument. The
Company elected to initially and subsequently measure the convertible note payable at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized
in operations. As of December 31, 2022, the convertible note payable is classified as current, and, as such, the outstanding principal
amount due and payable at maturity approximates the fair value. 

Fair value at issuance date 

Change in fair value 

Ending balance 

Chanticleer Investors, LLC, at cost (b) 

Total 

(a) shares of Sonnet were
 held. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold shares of Sonnet and received
 proceeds of million. 

(b) . In March 2022, the Company received a dividend from its investment in Hooters
 of America of approximately million, which is included in other income for the year
 ended December 31, 2022 in our consolidated statement of operations. 

Restaurant furniture and equipment 

Construction in progress 

Office and computer equipment 

Office furniture and fixtures 

Property,plant and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property, plant and equipment,
 net 

During
2022, as a result of changing consumer habits resulting in poor performance and the ultimate closure of certain stores, the Company determined
that triggering events occurred requiring management to review certain long-lived assets for impairment and determined that the carrying
value of the Company s property and equipment were impaired. As a result, an impairment charge of approximately million was
recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is included in asset impairment charges in our consolidated statement of operations. 

During
2021, primarily as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak that had a significant impact throughout the hospitality industry, the Company determined
that triggering events occurred requiring management to review certain long-lived assets for impairment and determined that the carrying
value of the Company s property and equipment were impaired. As a result, an impairment charge of approximately million was
recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021, which is included in asset impairment charges in our consolidated statements of operations.
The impact of COVID-19 varied by state/geographical area within the United States at various intervals during the pandemic and, therefore,
the operating results and cash flows at the store level varied significantly. 

We
recognized depreciation expense of million and million during years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Acquisition of Pie Squared Holdings 

Sale of Hooters UK 

Foreign currency translation loss 

Ending balance 

On
October 8, 2021, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Chanticleer UK Group Limited, sold West End Wings LTD, the Company s
Hooters restaurant located in Nottingham, England, to Hard Four Consultancy Limited (UK) for the final purchase price of million
(approximately million). The Company recognized a gain on sale of subsidiary of million in the consolidated statement of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Other
Intangible Assets 

years 

BGR: The Burger Joint 

Little Big Burger 

PizzaRev 
 years 

Acquired Franchise Rights: 

BGR: The Burger Joint 
 years 

PizzaRev 
 years 

Total intangibles at cost 

Accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 

Based
on an analysis of the recoverability of the carrying value at each quarter end during 2022, including December 31, 2022, an impairment
charge of approximately million was recorded to trademark/tradenames for PizzaRev and million was recorded to franchise rights
for PizzaRev during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Based
on an analysis of the recoverability of the carrying value at each quarter end during 2021, including December 31, 2021, an impairment
charge of approximately million was recorded to trademark/tradenames for ABC: American Burger Company during the year ended December
31, 2021. 

Amortization
of intangible assets was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Amortization
expense for the next five years is as follows (in thousands). The amounts below reflect the Company s change in estimate relating
to the useful lives of the formerly indefinite-lived trademark/tradename intangible assets. For additional information, see Note 2 . 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

8 convertible debt b 

Convertible promissory note (measured at fair value) c 

PPP loans d 

EIDL loans e 

Contractor note f 

Notes payable g 

Related party note (h) 

Total Debt 

Less: discount on convertible debt (a) (b) 

Total Debt, net of discount 

Current portion of long-term debt and notes payable 

Long-term debt and notes payable, less current portion 

(a) 
 non-convertible debentures that were satisfied during 2020, the Company issued a 
 secured convertible debenture (the 10 Convertible Debt to Oz Rey in exchange for the 
 non-convertible debentures. The principal amount of the 
 Convertible Debt is 
 million and is payable in full on April 1, 2024, subject to extension by the holders in two-year intervals for up to 10 years from
 the issuance date upon Amergent meeting certain conditions. Interest is payable quarterly in cash. In connection with the exchange
 of the debentures, Amergent issued warrants to Oz Rey and the original 8 non-convertible debenture holders to purchase 
 shares of common stock. The exercise price is 
 for 
 warrants and 
 for 
 warrants. The warrants can be exercised on a cashless basis and expire 
 years from the issuance date. All of the assets of the Company are collateral for this debt. 

The
10 Convertible Debt was previously amended to fix the conversion rate into common stock at per share. There is also a limitation
on Oz Rey s ability to convert the debenture into common stock such that only the portion of the balance for which the Company
has sufficient available shares, considering all other outstanding instruments at the time of conversion on a fully diluted basis, can
be converted. Oz Rey may, however, upon reasonable notice to the Company, require the Company to include in its proxy materials, for
any annual meeting of stockholders being held by the Company, a proposal to amend the Company s certificate of incorporation to
increase the Company s authorized shares to a number sufficient to allow for conversion of all shares underlying the debenture,
on a fully diluted basis. Oz Rey also agreed that the Company would not be required under any circumstances to make a cash payment to
settle the conversion feature not exercisable due to the authorized share cap or in an event that the Company was unable to deliver shares
under the conversion feature. As of December 31, 2022, million of the 10 Convertible Debt was convertible into approximately 
shares of common stock. 

The
Company recorded a debt discount of approximately million for the difference between the face value of the 10 Convertible Debt
and the estimated fair value at the April 1, 2020 issuance date and amortized this discount over the two-year term of the notes. 

(b) 
 million of 8 senior unsecured convertible debentures (the 8 Convertible Debt and 
 common stock warrants. Pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (exhibit 10.34), the Company issued 
 million of 8 Convertible Debt and warrants to purchase the number of shares of the Company s common stock equal to the
 principal amount of 8 Convertible Debt issued. 

The
8 Convertible Debt matures on September 1, 2023 and is subject to acceleration in the event of customary events of default. Interest
is payable quarterly in cash. The 8 Convertible Debt may be converted by the holders at any time at a fixed conversion price of 
per share, and each warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrants can be exercised on a cashless basis and expire from the issuance date. If the Company makes
any distribution to the common stockholders, the holders of the warrants will be entitled to participate on an as-if-exercised basis.
As of December 31, 2022, the 8 Convertible Debt was convertible into shares of common stock. 

The
Company analyzed the 8 Convertible Debt and did not identify any embedded features that require bifurcation from the host and accounting
as derivatives. However, as the convertible notes payable were issued with warrants, the net proceeds from the issuance were allocated
to the 8 Convertible Debt and the warrants based on their relative fair values, resulting in an allocation of million to the 8 
Convertible Debt and million to the warrants (see Note 12). The Company recorded a debt discount of approximately million for
the difference between the face value of the 8 Convertible Debt and the amount allocated to the debt at the issuance date and is amortizing
this discount over the 18-month term of the related debt. 

(c) million and a fair value of million at the
 acquisition date. The note is convertible at any time, in whole or in part, at the holder s
 option but includes a beneficial ownership blocker of . The conversion price at any
 time is the volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock the 30 trading
 days immediately prior to delivery of notice of conversion, less a discount of ; provided,
 however, that the conversion price has a floor of per share and a cap of per
 share. As of December 31, 2022, the note was convertible into shares of common
 stock. 

Interest
on the convertible promissory note is due on , the maturity date. The Company elected to measure the
convertible promissory note at fair value, with changes in the fair value recorded within change in fair value of convertible promissory
note in the consolidated statements of operations. See Note 5 for additional information on the valuation of the convertible promissory
note as of December 31, 2022. 

(d) million. Due to the Spin-Off and Merger, Amergent was not publicly
 traded at the time of the loan application or funding. The note bore interest at per year,
 was due to mature in , and required monthly interest and principal payments of
 approximately million beginning in November 2020 and through maturity. On February 25,
 2021, the Company received a second PPP loan in the amount of million. The note bore
 interest at per year, was due to mature on , and required monthly principal
 and interest payments of approximately beginning June 25, 2022 through maturity.
 On November 15, 2022 and December 16, 2022, the Company received notice from the SBA that
 the first and second PPP loans, respectively, had been fully forgiven with accrued interest. 

(e) million, with proceeds
 to be used for working capital purposes. Interest accrues at the rate of per year.
 Total installment payments of , including principal and interest, are due monthly.
 The balance of principal and interest is payable over the next thirty years from the date
 of the promissory note (August 2050). There are no penalties for prepayment. Based upon guidance
 issued by the U.S. SBA on June 19, 2020, the EIDL loans are not required to be refinanced
 by the PPP loan. In March 2022, the U.S. SBA extended the deferral period for the EIDL payments
 for an additional 12 months. The Company s installment payments will begin August 4,
 2023. 

(f) per year. In connection with and prior
 to the Merger and Spin-Off, on April 1, 2020, this note was assumed by Amergent. The Company
 is currently in default on this loan and a writ of garnishment was ordered against the Company
 in 2020 for approximately million. The additional million is included in accounts
 payable and accrued expenses at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

(g) of daily credit card sales of the
 eight stores until the notes are paid in full. The terms of the notes are days, and the
 implied interest rate is approximately per year. 

In
August 2022, the Company entered into a Future Revenue Sales Agreement with Sprout Funding which is being treated as a note payable.
The Company received a net million and the terms of the note require payments of for each working day of the week. The
terms of the note are open ended until all amounts under the note are repaid with an expected maturity date of February 2024. The implied
interest rate is . 

(h) 
 million. The lending entity is an entity in which the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer has an ownership interest
 and serves as the Chief Executive Officer. Interest accrues at a rate of ,
 and principal and accrued interest was due on and the loan has not been extended. 

The
Company s various loan agreements contain financial and non-financial covenants and provisions providing for cross-default. The
evaluation of compliance with these provisions is subject to interpretation and the exercise of judgment. Oz Rey has provided a waiver
of certain financial covenants through December 31, 2023. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total debt maturities 

Less: discount on convertible debt 

Total debt 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued taxes (sales, payroll, etc.) 

Accrued interest 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses, total 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, approximately million and million, respectively, of employee and employer payroll
taxes and associated interest and penalties have been accrued but not remitted to certain taxing authorities by the Company. These accruals
are for periods prior to 2019 for cash compensation paid and are reflected as a component of the accrued taxes line above. As a result,
the Company is liable for such payroll taxes and any related penalties and interest. The Company will record an additional accrual for
such payroll taxes upon receipt of notice from a relevant taxing authority. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company increased
its accrual for payroll taxes by million. Upon the advice of our tax professionals, we are paying the trust fund portion of the
outstanding tax accruals which represents the portion of taxes withheld from our employees but not remitted to the taxing authorities.
For our locations that have permanently closed, our tax liability after paying the trust fund balance is approximately million and
is recorded within accrued taxes on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. The taxing authorities have indicated that
we are still liable for these amounts, however, since the locations are permanently closed and have no assets, they will stop active
collection procedures on these amounts. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had accrued interest or penalties relating to any income tax obligations. 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

U.S. Federal 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

State and local 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 

Change in valuation allowance 

Permanent items 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Prior year true-ups and other deferred tax balances 

Rate change 

Other 

Income tax expense 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting and the amounts used for tax purposes. Major components of deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were: 

Accrued expenses 

Section 163(j) limitation 

Fixed assets and intangibles 

ROU asset/liability 

Capital loss carryforwards 

Restaurant start-up expenses 

Contract liabilities 

Deferred occupancy liabilities 

Charitable contribution carryforwards 

Credits 

Total deferred tax assets 

Investments 

Deferred occupancy liabilities 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company has U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryovers of approximately million, which will
 if not utilized, with the exception of loss carryovers generated in tax years
after 2017. As described in Note 2, approximately million of these net operating loss carryovers are subject to limitations by section 382 of
the IRC. As a result of Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 TCJA ), net operating losses generated in 2018 and beyond have
indefinite lives. In accordance with Section 382 of the internal revenue code, deductibility of the Company s U.S. net operating
loss carryovers may be subject to an annual limitation in the event of a change of control as defined under the Section 382 regulations.
Quarterly ownership changes for the past three years were analyzed, and it was determined that there was no change of control as of December
31, 2022. 

In
assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of
the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future
taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal
of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration
of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the
deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the change
in valuation allowance was approximately million and million, respectively. 

The
Company evaluated the provisions of ASC 740 related to the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the financial statements.
ASC 740 prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize, present, and disclose uncertain positions that the company
has taken or expects to take in its return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained
upon examination by taxing authorities. Differences between two positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and the benefit
recognized and measured pursuant to the interpretation are referred to as unrecognized benefits . A liability is recognized
for an unrecognized tax benefit because it represents an enterprise s potential future obligation to the taxing-authority for a
tax position that was not recognized as a result of applying the provisions of ASC 740. 

Interest
related to uncertain tax positions are required to be calculated, if applicable, and would be classified as interest expense 
in the consolidated statements of operations. Penalties would be recognized as a component of general and administrative expenses. 
For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, no interest or penalties were required to be reported. 

The
Company previously did not record a provision for taxes on undistributed foreign earnings, based on an intention and ability to permanently
reinvest the earnings of its foreign subsidiaries in those operations. Under the TCJA, the Company has re-assessed its strategies by
evaluating the impact of the TCJA on its operations. As a result of the TCJA, the Company analyzed if a liability needed to be recorded
for the deemed repatriation of undistributed earnings. It was determined that there is no outstanding liability associated with this
based on overall negative undistributed earnings (accumulated deficit) in the consolidated foreign group. 

During
the 2018 fiscal year, numerous provisions of the TCJA went into effect. The Company evaluated these provisions and incorporated the estimated
impact in the 2018 income tax expense. These provisions include, but are not limited to, reductions in the corporate income tax rate
with regard to current income taxes, limitations with regard to interest expense under IRC 163(j) that disallows a portion of interest
expense but is carried forward with no future expiration, changes to the deductibility of meals and entertainment, changes to bonus depreciation
and a reduced tax rate on foreign export sales. 

An
additional provision of the TJCA is the implementation of the Global Intangible-Low Taxed Income Tax, or GILTI . The Company
has elected to account for the impact of GILTI in the period in which the tax actually applies to the Company. During fiscal 2019, the
Company incurred 0.2 million of additional taxable income as a result of this provision. This increase of taxable income was incorporated
into the overall net operating loss and valuation. Due to foreign losses in 2021, and with no foreign activity in 2022, the impact of
GILTI on taxable income is nil. 

shares of a new series of convertible preferred stock
of Chanticleer (the Series 2 Preferred to an institutional investor. In March 2020, an aggregate of shares of Series
2 Preferred were converted into shares of common stock. In connection with the Merger, all remaining outstanding shares of the Series
2 Preferred were automatically cancelled and exchanged for substantially similar shares of preferred stock in Amergent. . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, the investors converted shares of the Series 2 Preferred into common shares and sold
those common shares in the market. In addition, the investors sold their remaining Series 2 Preferred to other investors. The shares
sold to the investors no longer contain the True-Up Payment provision discussed below. The new investors converted shares of Series
2 Preferred into shares of common stock during May 2021, and shares of Series 2 Preferred remain outstanding at December
31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. 

The
Series 2 Preferred is classified in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as temporary equity due to certain contingent redemption
features which are outside the control of the Company. 

Designations,
rights and preferences of Series 2 Preferred: 

Stated
value: Each share of Series 2 Preferred had a stated value of . 

True-Up
Payment: Amergent was required to pay the original holder an amount in cash equal to the dollar value of of the stated value
of the Series 2 Preferred less the proceeds previously realized by the holder from the sale of all conversion and spin-off shares received
by holder in Amergent, net of brokerage commissions and any other fees incurred by the holder in connection with the sale of any conversion
shares or spin-off shares on April 1, 2021 (which period was extended). This True-Up Payment was settled in July 2021 with a payment
of million, and the cash previously held in escrow for repayment is no longer subject to restriction for this matter. 

The
Company determined that the True-Up Payment constituted a make-whole provision as defined by U.S. GAAP that was required
to be settled in cash and, as such, was bifurcated from the host instrument, the Series 2 Preferred. It was accounted for as a derivative
liability prior to settlement, with changes in fair value recorded in change in fair value of derivative liabilities in the consolidated
statement of operations. A million increase in fair value was recorded for year ended December 31, 2021. 

Redemption :
There are triggering events, as defined, that can cause the Series 2 Preferred to be redeemable at the option of the holder, some of
which are outside the control of the Company. 

Conversion
at option of holder/ beneficial ownership limitation: The Series 2 Preferred is convertible at the option of holder at the lesser
of (i) (subject to adjustment for forward and reverse stock splits, recapitalizations and the like) or (ii) 90 of the five day
average volume weighted average price of the common, provided the conversion price has a floor of (subject to adjustment for forward
and reverse stock splits, recapitalizations and the like). Conversion is subject to a beneficial ownership limitation of . This
limitation was increased by the holder to prior to the Merger. 

Liquidation
preference: Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company, the holder is entitled to receive out of the assets,
whether capital or surplus, an amount equal to of the stated value plus any default interest and any other fees or liquidated damages
then due and owing thereon under the Certificate of Designations, for each share of Series 2 Preferred before any distribution or payment
to the holders of common stock. 

Voting
rights: The holder of Series 2 Preferred has the right to vote together with the holders of common stock as a single class on an
as-converted basis on all matters presented to the holders of common stock and shall vote as a separate class on all matters presented
to the holders of Series 2 Preferred. In addition, without the approval of the holder, the Company is required to obtain the approval
of Series 2 Preferred, as is customary, for certain events and transactions not contemplated by the Merger. 

Triggering
events: Breach of the Company s obligations will trigger a redemption event. 

Anti-dilution:
 The Series 2 Preferred provides for customary adjustments in the event of dividends or stock splits and anti-dilution protection. 

Warrants 

April 1, 2020 

March 30, 2020 

August 17, 2020 

March 15, 2022 

March 21, 2022 

March 22, 2022 

March 24, 2022 

Granted 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

As
discussed in Note 9, 
warrants were granted in March 2022 in connection with the issuance of 8 Convertible Debt and are equity-classified in the
consolidated financial statements. The net proceeds from the issuance were allocated to the 8 Convertible Debt and the warrants
based on their relative fair values at the issuance date, resulting in an allocation of approximately 
million to the warrants. Inputs used in calculating the fair value of the warrants at the issuance date include the
following: 

Term 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 

Divided yield 

Risk-free interest rate 

Strike price 

million,
prepaid in full by the Spin-Off entity, at no cost to the indemnitees, and effective for at least six years following the consummation
of the disposition, covering the Spin-Off entity s indemnification obligations to the indemnitees (referred to herein as the Tail
Policy ). No claims have arisen to date, and the Company does not anticipate that any potential liability would exceed the insured
amount. 

Legal
Proceedings 

Litigation
related to leased properties 

During
2022 and 2021, the Company was in arrears on rent due on several of its leases. As a result, the Company has pending litigation
related to seven sites of which four have permanently closed. The outcome of this litigation could result in the permanent closure
of additional restaurant locations as well as the possibility of the Company being required to pay interest and damages, modify
certain leases on unfavorable terms and could result in material impairments to the Company s assets. The Company has four
judgements against it in the amount of million for defaulting on leases. See Leases section below for discussion of past
due rent on abandoned locations. 

No
amounts in addition to contracted rent that is due have been accrued as of December 31, 2022 or 2021 in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets as management does not believe the outcome will result in additional liabilities to the Company; however, there can be
no guarantees. 

During
2022, our LBB locations were notified by the Department of Labor DOL of an audit concerning tip pools at 15 of our
LBB stores in and around Portland, OR metropolitan area. In January 2023, the DOL reported that its audit resulted in one
significant finding, that the Company improperly permitted supervisory in-store employees to participate in the tip
pool. 
(equal to 
in inappropriately paid tips multiplied by two pursuant to the statute s liquidated damages provision). DOL offered to reduce
that number in half to .
The Company has fought back against the finding, asserting that the alleged supervisors did not have sufficient supervisory
responsibility to be deemed a supervisor under the statute. Currently, settlement discussions are in progress. DOL has
reduced its amount to just under .
The Company has offered 
to resolve the matter. It is difficult to predict at what amount the case may resolve. If it does not resolve, DOL can choose to
file the case in litigation or send right-to-sue letters to each impacted employee and former employee. Currently, we do not believe
it is likely that DOL will pursue litigation, having indicated that they would be discussing that option and opting not to pursue
anything at this time. If the case were to proceed to settle, we expect it would do so between the 25,000 and 170,000 amounts
currently on the table. The Company has recorded a charge of as management believes this is the most likely outcome. 

From
time to time, the Company may be involved in other legal proceedings and claims that have arisen in the ordinary course of business are
generally covered by insurance. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not expect the amount of ultimate liability with respect to
these matters to be material to the Company s consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 

Leases 

The
Company s leases typically contain rent escalations over the lease terms. The Company recognizes expense for these leases on a
straight-line basis over the lease terms. Additionally, tenant incentives used to fund leasehold improvements are recognized when earned
and reduce our right-of-use asset related to the leases. These incentives are amortized through the right-of-use asset as reductions
of expense over the lease terms. 

Some
of the Company s leases include rent escalations based on inflation indexes and fair market value adjustments. Certain leases contain
contingent rental provisions that include a fixed base rent plus an additional percentage of the restaurant s sales in excess of
stipulated amounts. Operating lease liabilities are calculated using the prevailing index or rate at lease commencement. Subsequent escalations
in the index or rate and contingent rental payments are recognized as variable lease expenses. The Company s lease agreements do
not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. As part of the lease agreements, the Company is
also responsible for payments regarding non-lease components (common area maintenance, operating expenses, etc.) and percentage rent
payments based on monthly or annual restaurant sales amounts which are considered variable costs and are not included as part of the
lease liabilities. 

Related
to the adoption of Leases Topic 842, our policy elections were as follows: 

Short-term
policy 

The
Company has elected the short-term lease recognition exemption for all applicable classes of underlying assets. Leases with an initial
term of 12 months or less, that do not include an option to purchase the underlying asset that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise,
are not recorded on the balance sheet. 

Current lease liabilities 
 Current operating lease liabilities 

Non-current lease liabilities 
 Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Lease
term and discount rate were as follows: 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 

Weighted average discount rate 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we performed an analysis of the recoverability of our right-of-use assets. Based on the analysis, we recorded
an impairment of approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included
in asset impairment charges in our consolidated statements of operations. The impairment recognized during the year ended December 31,
2022 was primarily the result of changing consumer habits resulting in poor performance and the ultimate closure of certain stores, and
the impairment recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily the result of the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak in
the United States, which had a significant impact throughout the hospitality industry. Negative impacts to the operating results and
cash flows varied significantly at the store level, where some stores operated at a reduced capacity and several stores were permanently
closed. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately million and million, respectively, of lease liabilities were derecognized
due to the Company negotiating the cancellation of its obligations under certain lease agreements, which is included in gain on extinguished/settled
lease liabilities in our consolidated statements of operations. The cancellations resulted from the COVID-19 pandemic. As of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had lease liabilities of million and million, respectively, related to abandoned leases. These
lease liabilities are included in current operating lease liabilities, accrued expenses and accounts payable in our consolidated balance sheets. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company amended certain leases and changed its assumptions regarding the exercise of a renewal
option, which have been accounted for as lease modifications. The operating lease assets and liabilities were remeasured at the modification
dates, resulting in an increase of million during the year ended December 31, 2022 to both the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities.
There were no lease modifications during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Rent
expense of approximately million and million was incurred during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
of which approximately million was variable in each year. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total remaining lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total lease liabilities 

Certain additional amounts of lease liabilities for leases in default have been presented as current liabilities.
The above schedule reflects the original contractual maturities. 

PPP
Loan 

As
discussed in Note 9, the Company received two PPP loans totaling million, which were established under the CARES Act and administered
by the U.S. SBA. On November 15, 2022 and December 16, 2022, the Company received notice from the SBA that the first and second PPP loans,
respectively, had been fully forgiven with accrued interest. 

Presently,
the U.S. SBA and other governmental communications have indicated that all loans in excess of million will be subject to audit and
that those audits could take up to seven years to complete. If the U.S. SBA determines that the PPP loans were not properly obtained
and/or expenditures supporting forgiveness were not appropriate, the Company would need to repay some or all of the PPP loans and record
additional expense which could have a material adverse impact on the business, financial condition and results of operations in a future
period. 

RRF 

As
discussed in Note 4, Pie Squared Holdings received an approximately million grant under the RRF, and the Company assumed the risks
and rewards related to the grant through the acquisition of Pie Squared Holdings. If it is determined that Pie Squared Holdings obtained
the grant improperly or the disbursement of such grant monies was not for eligible uses, then the Company would be responsible
for the ramifications of such actions including the repayment of the million of grant monies, among other items. 

shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the Plan. As of December 31, 2022,
 shares remained available for future grants. 

In
November 2021, the Company adopted the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan ). Under the 2021 Incentive Plan,
the Company can grant stock options and stock awards. The stockholders of the Company approved the Incentive Plan on December 30, 2021.
There are shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the Incentive Plan. As of December 31, 2022, shares
remained available for future grants. 

Share-based
awards generally vest over a period of three years, and share-based awards that lapse or are forfeited are available to be granted again.
The contractual life of all share-based awards is five years. The expiration date of the outstanding share-based awards is August 2026. 

The
Company measures share-based awards at their grant-date fair value and records compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the
service period of the awards. Share-based compensation is allocated to employees and consultants based on their respective departments. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded share-based compensation expense of approximately and ,
respectively, in general and administrative expenses. 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Exercisable at December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had unrecognized compensation cost related to outstanding share-based awards. 

for an aggregate purchase price of million. In March 2023, the transaction closed
for cash consideration of million and a convertible promissory note of million. In connection with the transaction, the Company
paid an affiliate of Oz Rey an aggregate fee of million. The convertible promissory note accrues interest at a rate of per
annum and will mature from the date of closing, with million of the principal balance of the note due and payable in July
2023. The note may be converted, at the option of the holder, into shares of common stock at a conversion price of per share. The
convertible promissory note may be prepaid in whole or in part at any time, without premium or penalty. 

In
February 2023, the Company closed a million Series B convertible preferred stock (the Series B Preferred and warrant
financing with an affiliate of Oz Rey. The Company issued shares of Series B Preferred and warrants to purchase up to shares
of common stock at a par value. The warrants have a term of and an initial exercise price of per share of common
stock, which is subject to adjustment for customary provisions such as stock splits, stock dividends and distributions. 

The
Series B Preferred is convertible into shares of common stock at the option of the investors at a conversion price of per share
and will accrue dividends in an amount equal to on an . The Company has the right to redeem the Series B Preferred subject
to certain terms. 

In
April 2023, the Company received an advance of million from MVA 916 LLC., an Oz Rey, LLC related entity. The advance does not have
repayment terms and does not accrue interest. 

In
March 2023 and May 2023, the Company received advances of million and from MV Equity Partners, Inc., an Oz Rey, LLC related
entity. The advances do not have repayment terms and does not accrue interest. 

In
May 2023, the Company received an advance of million from Oz Rey, LLC. The advance does not have repayment terms and does not accrue
interest. 

In
March 2023, the Company entered into a Forward Purchase Agreement with Kapitus LLC which is being treated as a note payable. The Company
received a net million, and the terms of the note require of for each week. The terms of the note are open ended
until all amounts under the note are repaid with an expected maturity date of March 2024. The implied interest rate is . 

In
May 2023, the Company entered into a Forward Purchase Agreement with Kapitus LLC which is being treated as a note payable. The Company
received a net million, and the terms of the note require of for each week. The terms of the note are open ended
until all amounts under the note are repaid with an expected maturity date of March 2024. The implied interest rate is . 

71 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

There
are not and have not been any disagreements between us and our accountant on any matter of accounting principles, practices or financial
statement disclosure. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act )) as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Report.
Based on this evaluation, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer
(principal financial officer) have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance
level at December 31, 2022 because of the material weakness in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that existed
at December 31, 2021 that has not been fully remediated by the end of this period. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that
we file or submit under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating the disclosure
controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Due to the inherent limitations of control systems, not all misstatements
may be detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns
can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by
collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. Controls and procedures can only provide reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that the above objectives have been met. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other
than the material weakness and remediation activities discussed below, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting
during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Material
Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Material
Weaknesses. A material weakness is a control deficiency, or a combination of control deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will
not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Management
identified the following deficiencies: 

As
 of December 31, 2022, due to the inherent issue of segregation of duties in a small company, we have relied heavily on entity of
 management review controls. Accordingly, management has determined that this control deficiency constitutes a material weakness. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had not established a formal written policy
for the approval, identification, and authorization of new vendors entering into the approved vendor listing. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had not established a formal review, on a test
basis, of our third-party accounting provider s coding of transactions and reconciliations of key accounts. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had not established an automated software program
to account for our operating lease schedule liabilities but were relying on a manual computation of the Company s operating lease
schedule. 

Management
determined that the deficiency could potentially result in a material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements in a future
annual or interim period that would not be prevented or detected. Therefore, the deficiency constitutes a material weakness in internal
control. 

Because
of these material weaknesses, management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in the 2013 integrated framework as prescribed by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission, or COSO. 

Inherent
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

An
effective internal control system, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error or
overriding of controls, and, therefore, can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to reliable financial reporting. Because of
its inherent limitations, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements, including the possibility
of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Effective internal control can provide only reasonable assurance
with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. 

72 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

73 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS , AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The
following section sets forth the names, ages and current positions with the Company held by our directors and executive officers, together
with certain biographical information. There is no immediate family relationship between or among any of our directors and our executive
officers, and the Company is not aware of any arrangement or understanding between any director or executive officer and any other person
pursuant to which he was elected to his current position. 

Each
director and executive officer will serve until he or she resigns or is removed or otherwise disqualified to serve or until his or her
successor is elected. Each director was appointed to the board of Amergent concurrently with the Merger and Spin-Off. 

Our bylaws give the board authority to expand or reduce
the number of available board seats between five and nine, provided reduction may not be implemented below number of occupied seats. For
as long as Oz Rey, LLC holds 10 debentures, it has the right, but not the obligation, to appoint two directors to Amergent s board.
Amergent agreed that its board or Governance Committee, if it has one, will re-nominate the appointees as directors at annual meetings
and recommend that stockholders vote for such appointees at annual meetings. All proxies given to management will also vote
in favor of such Appointees. This right to designate the appointees will be subject to applicable law and rules of the OTC Markets. Oz
Rey, LLC has not yet submitted any appointees to Amergent. 

DIRECTORS 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Michael
 D. Pruitt 
 
 62 
 
 Chairman,
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Keith
 J. Johnson 
 
 63 
 
 Director,
 Chairman of Audit Committee, Member Compensation Committee 
 
 Neil
 G. Kiefer 
 
 71 
 
 Director,
 Chairman of Compensation Committee 
 Member
 of Nominating and Governance Committee 
 
 J.
 Eric Wagoner 
 
 70 
 
 Director,
 Chairman of Nominating and Governance Committee 
 Member
 of Audit Committee 

Michael
D. Pruitt founded Avenel Financial Group, a boutique financial services firm concentrating on emerging technology company investments,
in 1999. In 2001, he formed Avenel Ventures, a technology investment and private venture capital firm. In February 2005, Mr. Pruitt formed
Chanticleer Holdings, Inc., which commenced operations in June 2005 with him as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, roles he continued
to serve through the Merger and Spin-Off. In January 2011, Mr. Pruitt became a director of the board of Hooters of America, LLC. Mr.
Pruitt received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Coastal Carolina University in Conway, South Carolina, where he sits on the Board of Visitors
of the E. Craig Wall Sr. College of Business Administration, the Coastal Education Foundation Board, and the Athletic Committee of the
Board of Trustees. 

74 

Keith
J. Johnson is the Chief Financial Officer of Watertech Equipment Sales. He served as the Manager of Business Development
for Hudson Technologies from November 2012 through September 2013. From August 2010 through November 2012, Mr. Johnson was President
of Efficiency Technologies, Inc., the wholly owned operating subsidiary of Efftec International, Inc. He was the President and Chief
Executive Officer of YRT (Your Residential Technology Team) in Charlotte, North Carolina since 2004. Mr. Johnson has a BS in Accounting
from Fairfield University in Fairfield, Connecticut. Mr. Johnson served on the board of directors of Chanticleer from April 2007 through
March 31, 2020 and also served as the Chairman of its Audit Committee and a member of its Compensation Committee. Mr. Johnson was asked
to serve as director based in part on his financial expertise and general proven success in business. 

Neil
G. Kiefer is the Chief Executive Officer of Hooters Management Corporation, Hooters, Inc., and all its affiliated companies,
a position he has held since May 1992. In 1994, Mr. Kiefer was appointed to the boards of those entities, and he continues to serve on
those boards. He was also Chief Executive Officer of the Hooters Casino Hotel in Las Vegas, Nevada from 2006 to 2012. Mr. Kiefer received
his bachelor s degree from Bethany College in Bethany, West Virginia and received his law degree from Hofstra University in Hempstead,
New York. He was admitted to the Florida Bar in 1979. Mr. Kiefer served on the board of Chanticleer from January 2017 through March 31,
2020 and was a member of its compensation committee. He possesses extensive knowledge of the casual dining industry and is an experienced
having served on the boards of numerous companies. 

J.
Eric Wagoner has served as a Managing Director and Head of the High-Yield Distressed Securities division of Source Capital
Group since 1995. Mr. Wagoner has over 35 years of investment securities experience and has developed specialized expertise in high yield
and distressed debt instruments. He serves as a member of the board of directors of Argus Research Group, a leading independent equity
research firm, and is a member of the Board of Visitors at Wake Forest University. Mr. Wagoner is a graduate of the University of North
Carolina and received his MBA from the Babcock Graduate School of Management at Wake Forest University. Mr. Wagoner holds NASD Series
7, 24 and 63 licenses. Mr. Wagoner served on Chanticleer s board of directors from March 2018 through the Merger and Spin-Off and
was a member of its audit committee and compensation committee. He was asked to serve as director based in part on his extensive securities
knowledge and general proven success in business. 

EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Michael
 D. Pruitt 
 
 62 
 
 Chairman
 and Chief Executive Officer 

Mark
 Whittle 
 
 57 
 
 Interim
 President 

Stephen
 J. Hoelscher 
 
 64 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

Biography
for Mr. Pruitt is included with the director profiles above. Mr. Pruitt was appointed to his position concurrently with the Merger and
Spin-Off. 

Mark
Whittle was appointed as Interim President of Amergent on January 11, 2023. Previously, he served as EVP of Franchise Development
of Amergent. Prior to joining Amergent, from June 2013 to November 2021, Mr. Whittle served as Chief Development Officer for Hooters
of America/HOA Brands where he managed franchises, franchise sales, real estate, site design and construction and acquisitions. 

Stephen
J. Hoelscher was appointed Chief Financial Officer on January 19, 2021. Mr. Hoelscher is a Certified Public Accountant and has
40 years of accounting and auditing experience. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Hoelscher was and continues to be the Chief Financial
Officer for Mastodon Ventures, Inc., a strategic restaurant advisory firm in Austin, Texas since June 2000. Mr. Hoelscher oversaw investments
in a number of companies owning a variety of restaurant assets including over 100 KFC restaurants, and various other fast casual, casual,
fine dining, franchisee and franchisor concepts. Mr. Hoelscher previously occupied the roles Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting
Officer at two public companies, serving as Chief Financial Officer and a member of the Board of Directors of Anpath Group Inc., from
2006 to 2015, and as Chief Financial Officer on part-time basis for Enxnet Inc., from 2004 to 2019. Mr. Hoelscher also served as controller
and Chief Accounting Officer for Aperian from 1996 to 2000. Mr. Hoelscher serves on several board of directors for non-profit organizations.
He received a Bachelor of Business Administration Degree from West Texas A M University. 

75 

Mr.
Hoelscher s engagement with Amergent is on a part-time. Mr. Hoelscher serves as an officer of entities affiliated with Oz Rey,
LLC (holder of Amergent s 10 secured convertible debenture in the principal amount of 4.0 million). Oz Rey, LLC s debenture
is secured by a first priority interest in Amergent s assets and guaranteed by all of Amergent s subsidiaries. Mr. Hoelscher
serves as (a) a Manager and also the Chief Financial Officer of Oz Rey, LLC; (b) Chief Financial Officer of Mastodon Ventures, Inc.,
an affiliate of Oz Rey, LLC; and (c) a Manager and Chief Financial Officer of MV Amanth LLC and its subsidiaries, also affiliates of
Oz Rey, LLC. 

Legal
Proceedings 

To
the best of our knowledge, none of our executive officers or directors are parties to any material proceedings adverse to Amergent, have
any material interest adverse to Amergent or have, during the past ten years been subject to legal or regulatory proceedings required
to be disclosed hereunder. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any of our executive officers and directors. 

Corporate
Governance 

Audit
Committee of the Board 

The
Audit Committee was formed on July 6, 2020. Messrs. Johnson and Wagoner serve on the Audit Committee. Mr. Johnson is the chairman of
the Audit Committee. The board has determined that each member of our Audit Committee is an independent director as defined
by Rule 5605(a)(2) of The Nasdaq Stock Market Rules and that members of the Audit Committee are independent under the additional requirements
of Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). The board has determined J. Eric Wagoner
meets SEC requirements of an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, Section
407(b). In addition, the board determined that (i) none of the Audit Committee members have participated in the preparation of the financial
statements of the company at any time during the past three years and (2) Audit Committee members are able to read and understand fundamental
financial statements. Additionally, we intend to continue to have at least one member of the Audit Committee whose experience or background
results in the individual s financial sophistication. The Audit Committee charter is posted on our website at www.amergenthg.com. 

Code
of Ethics 

Our
Chief Executive Officer and all senior financial officers, including the Chief Financial Officer, are bound by a Code of Ethics that
complies with Item 406 of Regulation S-B of the Exchange Act. Our Code of Ethics is posted on our website at www.amergenthg.com. 

Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act requires our directors and executive officers
and beneficial holders of more than 10 of our common stock to file with the SEC initial reports of ownership and reports of changes
in ownership of our equity securities. 

To
our knowledge, based solely upon a review of Forms 3 and 4 and amendments thereto furnished to Amergent under 17 CFR 240.16a-3(e) during
our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, none of our officers or directors filed a late Form 3 or Form 4. None of our officers or directors
filed Form 5. 

Stockholder
Director Nomination Procedures 

There
have not been any material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors. 

76 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Overview
of Compensation Practices 

The
responsibilities of the Compensation Committee include overseeing the evaluation of executive officers (including the Chief Executive
Officer) of the Company, determining the compensation of executive officers of the Company, and overseeing the management of risks associated
therewith. The Compensation Committee determines and approves the Chief Executive Officer s compensation. The Compensation Committee
also administers the Company s equity-based plans and makes recommendations to the board with respect to actions that are subject
to approval of the board regarding such plans. 

Generally,
we intend to compensate our executive officers with a compensation package that is designed to drive Company performance to maximize
stockholder value while meeting our needs and the needs of our executives. The following are objectives we consider: 

Alignment
 to align the interests of executives and stockholders through equity-based compensation awards; 

Retention
 to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified, high performing executives to lead our growth and success; and 

Performance
 to provide, when appropriate, compensation that is dependent upon the executive s achievements and the Company s
 performance. 

In
order to achieve the above objectives, our executive compensation philosophy is guided by the following principles: 

Rewards
 under incentive plans are based upon our short-term and longer-term financial results and increasing stockholder value; 

Executive
 pay is set at sufficiently competitive levels to attract, retain and motivate highly talented individuals who are necessary for us
 to achieve our goals, objectives and overall financial success; 

Compensation
 of an executive is based on such individual s role, responsibilities, performance and experience; and 

Annual
 performance of the Company and the executive are taken into account in determining annual bonuses with the goal of fostering a pay-for-performance
 culture. 

Compensation
Elements 

We
intend to compensate our executives through a variety of components, which may include a base salary, annual performance-based incentive
bonuses, equity incentives, and benefits and perquisites, in order to provide our executives with a competitive overall compensation
package. The mix and value of these components are impacted by a variety of factors, such as responsibility level, individual negotiations
and performance and market practice. 

Accounting
and Tax Considerations 

We
consider the accounting and tax implications of all aspects of our executive compensation strategy and, so long as doing so does not
conflict with our general performance objectives described above, we strive to achieve the most favorable accounting and tax treatment
possible to the Company and our executive officers. 

77 

Process
for Setting Executive Compensation; Factors Considered 

When
making pay determinations for named executive officers, the Compensation Committee will consider a variety of factors including, among
others: (1) actual Company performance as compared to pre-established goals, (2) individual executive performance and expected contribution
to our future success, (3) changes in economic conditions and the external marketplace, (4) prior years bonuses and long-term
incentive awards, and (5) in the case of executive officers, other than Chief Executive Officer, the recommendation of our Chief Executive
Officer, and in the case of our Chief Executive Officer, his negotiations with our board. No specific weighting is assigned to these
factors nor are particular targets set for any particular factor. Ultimately, the Compensation Committee will use its judgment and discretion
when determining how much to pay our executive officers and will sets the pay for such executives by element (including cash versus non-cash
compensation) and in the aggregate, at levels that it believes are competitive and necessary to attract and retain talented executives
capable of achieving the Company s long-term objectives. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

The
information included in the Summary Compensation Table below reflects compensation earned from Amergent during the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021 by each person serving in capacities of a named executive officer. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 Bonus 
 Stock Awards 
 All Other Compensation 
 Total 
 
 Michael D. Pruitt 
 2022 
 290,948 

290,948 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 287,300 

287,300 

Frederick L. Glick (1) 
 2022 
 278,727 

278,727 
 
 Former President 
 2021 
 275,000 

275,000 

Stephen J. Hoelscher 
 2022 
 120,000 

120,000 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 112,192 

112,192 

(1) 
 Mr.
 Glick resigned from his position as President effective December 31, 2022 and from the board of directors on June 9, 2023. 

Employment
Agreements 

Frederick
L. Glick, Former President 

On
July 9, 2021 we entered into an at-will amended and restated employment agreement with Frederick L. Glick, which agreement induced Mr.
Glick to continue to serve Amergent in the office of President and governs the terms of his continued employment, commencing July 1,
2021 and terminating June 30, 2024. Mr. Glick receives a base salary of 250,000, which salary increases 2.5 on each of July 1, 2022
and July 1, 2023. Mr. Glick will also receive a 25,000 signing bonus. Mr. Glick has the opportunity to earn bonuses based on set metrics
forth in the agreement as well as an annual discretionary bonus. The agreement contains restrictions on the use of confidential information
as well as protective covenants governing non-solicitation of customers and employees protecting Amergent s trade secrets. Mr.
Glick is entitled to customary severance benefits afforded executive officers in the event of termination by Amergent without cause or
by Mr. Glick without good reason (including by reason of Change in Control , as defined in the agreement). The agreement
further includes a garden leave period, which may be invoked at Amergent s discretion. 

Mr.
Glick received equity compensation pursuant to the company s 2021 Inducement Plan adopted by the board of directors. The plan reserved
500,000 shares of common stock for grant to Mr. Glick under his agreement. Mr. Glick received a grant of 50,000 shares of unrestricted
common stock. He also received non-qualified options to purchase up to 450,000 shares of common stock, subject to vesting schedules and
pricing set forth in his agreement and in compliance with applicable law. 

The
Compensation Committee of Amergent s board comprised of independent directors recommended adoption of the agreement and plan to
the board of directors. 

Mr.
Glick resigned from his position as President effective December 31, 2022. The Company and Mr. Glick entered into a standard separation
and release agreement on January 10, 2023. Upon his resignation, he forfeited unvested stock options to purchases 175,000 shares of common stock. 

78 

Stephen
J. Hoelscher, Chief Financial Officer 

On
February 4, 2021 we entered into an at will employment agreement and non-solicitation and confidentiality agreement with Stephen J. Hoelscher.
Mr. Hoelscher received a base salary of 120,000 and earned an annual discretionary bonus of 30,000 based on metrics to be determined
by the board of directors of Amergent. 

The
non-solicitation and confidentiality agreement contains customary restrictions on the use of confidential information, protecting Amergent s
trade secrets, as well as protective covenants governing non-solicitation of customers and employees and restricting interference with
Amergent s business. 

On
January 30, 2023, we entered into a new at-will employment offer with Stephen J. Hoelscher for his continued service as Chief Financial
Officer. His salary was increased to 180,000 per annum. In addition, his discretionary cash bonus target is 36,000. Mr. Hoelscher received
50,000 restricted stock awards that vest immediately under Amergent s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. In addition, he was granted an
option to purchase 100,000 shares of common stock, which options vest annually in three equal installments, commencing December 31, 2023.
The exercise price for the first 1/3 is 0.60 for the first third, the second 1/3, 1.00, and the last third, 1.50. 

Patrick
Harkleroad, Former Chief Financial Officer 

On
December 1, 2020, we accepted the resignation of Patrick Harkleroad from the position of Chief Financial Officer, effective December
31, 2020, which resignation was contingent upon the waiver by the board of the 90-day notice requirement for non-renewal under his employment
agreement. His was assigned to Amergent April 1, 2020 in conjunction with Amergent s spin-off from Chanticleer. Mr. Harkleroad
agreed to continue to provide support to Amergent in a consulting capacity to assist with the transition of his duties in 2021. 

On
March 26, 2021, we entered into a separation and release agreement with Mr. Harkleroad. Pursuant to the Agreement, Mr. Harkleroad was
paid 15,000 for transition services through March 31, 2021. Amergent reaffirmed its indemnification obligations to Mr. Harkleroad in
the Agreement, pursuant to the terms of that certain Indemnification Agreement by and between the parties dated July 10, 2020. The Agreement
also contains customary general releases by the parties as well as confidentiality, non-disparagement and cooperation provisions. 

Mark
Whittle, Interim President 

On
January 10, 2023, we entered into an executive offering with Mr. Whittle to serve as Interim President. His annual salary 230,000. He
will continue to manage franchise development and will receive a commission equal to 10 of any franchise fee revenue (not including
royalty revenue) collected by Amergent for future franchise units and franchise development agreements sold during the term of his employment
in the Little Big Burger, American Burger, and BGR Systems. For 2023, his discretionary cash bonus target is 46,000. Mr. Whittle will
receive four weeks of paid vacation per year and will be entitled to participate in company benefit programs available to its executive
officers. 

Mr.
Whittle s offer of employment is at will; however, in the event he is terminated by the company without cause or resigns without
good reason, a three-month paid garden leave period will be triggered. After the garden leave period, Mr. Whittle will be entitled to
three months severance. In the event the garden leave period is waived by the parties, the severance period will be extended to
six months. As an inducement, the board granted Mr. Whittle 70,000 restricted shares of common stock that vest immediately under the
company s 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. In addition, he was also granted an option to purchase 140,000 shares of common stock, which
options will vest 1/3 per year over a three-year period. The exercise price for the first 1/3 will be 0.60 for the first third, the
second 1/3, 1.00, and the last third, 1.50. 

Change-in-Control
Provisions 

Except
as described above concerning Frederick L. Glick s employment agreement, which is no longer in effect, no other officers have agreements
with change-in-control provisions. 

79 

Director
Compensation Table 

The
following table reflects compensation earned for services performed in 2022 by members of Amergent s board who were not employees.
The 2022 director fees are accrued and unpaid. Any director who is also an employee does not receive any compensation for service as
a director. The compensation received by Messrs. Pruitt and Glick as employees is shown above in the Summary Compensation Table. Amergent
reimbursed all directors for expenses incurred in their capacity as directors. 

Name 
 Director Fees Earned or Paid in Cash (1) 
 Stock Awards 
 Option Awards 
 Total 

Keith J. Johnson 
 28,000 

28,000 

Neil G. Kiefer 
 28,000 

28,000 

J. Eric Wagoner 
 28,000 

28,000 

(1) 
 Director
 fees earned since the 4 th quarter of 2019 through 2022 are accrued and unpaid. The accrued but unpaid Director fees from
 the 4 th quarter of 2019 through December 2022 were paid in January 2023 with the issuance of 1,056,930 common shares. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Year-End 

The
following table sets forth information regarding unexercised options and equity incentive plan awards for each Named Executive Officer
outstanding as of December 31, 2022: 

Name and Position 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options 
 Option Exercise Price 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested ) 
 
 Fredrick J. Glick, Former President 
 150,000 
 
 2.50 
 8/1/2026 

Fredrick J. Glick, Former President 
 100,000 
 100,000 
 0.56 
 8/1/2026 
 50,000 
 20,000 

Fredrick J. Glick, Former President 
 100,000 
 100,000 
 0.81 
 8/1/2026 
 100,000 
 40,000 

Fredrick J. Glick, Former President 
 100,000 
 100,000 
 1.08 
 8/1/2026 
 100,000 
 40,000 

Totals 
 450,000 
 300,000 

250,000 
 100,000 

80 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Security
ownership of certain beneficial owners and management 

To
our knowledge, the following table sets forth information with respect to beneficial ownership of outstanding common stock as of July 14, 2023 by: 

each
 person known by the Company to beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding shares of the common stock; 

each
 of our current Executive Officers; 

each
 of our directors; and 

all
 of our directors and executive officers as a group. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities
as well as securities which the individual or group has the right to acquire within 60 days of the determination date. Unless otherwise
indicated, the address for those listed below is c/o Amergent Hospitality Group, Inc., PO Box 460695 Charlotte, NC 28247. Except as indicated
by footnote, and subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power
with respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. The number of shares of the common stock outstanding
used in calculating the percentage for each listed person includes the shares of common stock underlying warrants, options or other convertible
securities held by such persons that are exercisable within 60 days of April 8, 2021 but excludes shares of common stock underlying warrants,
options or other convertible securities held by any other person. The number of shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of July
14, 2023 was 16,833,666. Except as noted otherwise, the amounts reflected below are based upon information provided to the Company and
filings with the SEC. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Percent of Class 

Michael D. Pruitt , CEO and Chairman (1) 
 122,377 

Stephen J. Hoelscher, CFO 
 50,000 

Mark Whittle, President 
 147,000 

Keith J. Johnson, director 
 397,879 

Neil G. Kiefer, director (2) 
 392,401 

J. Eric Wagoner, director (3) 
 398,736 

Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (6 persons) 
 1,509,393 
 11.[ ] 
 
 Oz Rey, LLC (4) 
 840,000 
 4.99 
 
 Arena Funds (5) 
 1,492,000 
 8.86 
 
 NY Farms Group, Inc. (6) 
 950,060 
 5.64 
 
 MVA 916, LLC (7) 
 6,250,000 
 27.08 

less than 1 

(1)
Includes 64,539 shares held directly by Mr. Pruitt s individual IRA account; 21,876 shares held directly, and 34,962 shares held
directly by Avenel Financial Group. Mr. Pruitt exercises voting and dispositive control over these shares. 

 (2)
Includes 2,000 shares held directly by Mr. Kiefer s individual IRA account. Mr. Kiefer exercises voting and dispositive control
over these shares. 

 (3)
Includes 5,090 shares held directly by Mr. Wagoner s individual IRA account. Mr. Wagoner exercises voting and dispositive control
over these shares. 

 (4)
10 Secured Convertible Debenture and Warrant held by Oz Rey, LLC subject to 4.99 beneficial ownership blocker. The address for Oz Rey,
LLC is 114 W 7th Street, Suite 820, Austin, Texas 78701. 

 (5)
Arena Funds collectively are made up of the following holdings: 

Arena
 Origination Co., LLC holds 231,679 shares 

Arena
 Special Opportunities Funds L.P. holds 152,321 shares 

Westaim
 Origination Holdings, Inc holds 231,679 shares 

Arena
 Special Opportunities Fund (Onshore) L.P. holds 152,321 shares 

Arena
 Investors, LP holds 384,000 shares 

Arena
 Investors GP, LLC holds 340,000 shares 

The
address for Arena Funds is c/o Arena Investors LP, 405 Lexington Avenue, 59th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

(6)
The address for NY Farms Group, Inc. is 98 Cutter Mill Rd, Great Neck, NY 11021. 

 (7)
Includes 125 shares of Series B Preferred convertible into 5,000,000 common shares and 1,250,000 warrants held by MVA 916, LLC. The address
for MVA 916, LLC is 114 W W 7th Street, Suite 820, Austin, Texas 78701. 

81 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

Plan
not Approved by Stockholders 

The
2021 Inducement Plan was adopted by the board of directors on July 8, 2021, and amended on July 27, 2021, to provide incentive compensation
to Frederick L. Glick pursuant to his Amended and Restated Employment Agreement effective July 1, 2021. The 2021 Inducement Plan was
registered on Form S-8. 

The
board of directors of Amergent, upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee, granted and issued the equity awards set forth below
to Mr. Glick under the 2021 Inducement Plan: 

Fifty
 thousand (50,000) unrestricted shares of the Corporation s common stock, 0.0001 par value (shares of the Corporation s
 common stock referred to herein as Shares 

Fully
 vested 5-year stock options to purchase 150,000 shares at an exercise price of 2.50 per Share; and 

5-year
 stock options to purchase an aggregate of 300,000 Shares, 100,000 of which are exercisable at 0.56 per Share, 100,000 of which are
 exercisable at 0.81 per Share, and 100,000 of which are exercisable at 1.08 per Share. These option awards vest in twelve equal
 installments, the first installment vesting immediately and the remaining installments vesting on each of October 1, 2021, January
 1, 2022, April 1, 2022, July 1, 2022, October 1, 2022, January 1, 2023, April 1, 2023, July 1, 2023, October 1, 2023, January 1,
 2024, and April 1, 2024. These option awards further vest based on exercise price, with lower priced options vesting first. 

We
issued an unrestricted stock award agreement and nonstatutory option award agreements to Frederick L. Glick evidencing the grants. 

Plan
Approved by Stockholders 

On
December 30, 2021, the 2021 Incentive Plan for issuance of up 2,000,000 shares was approved by our stockholders and subsequently registered
on Form S-8. 

The
following table provides information, as of December 31, 2022, with respect to equity securities authorized for issuance under compensation
plans: 

Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Weighted- Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding securities reflected in 
 
 Plan Category 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 Column (a) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

2,000,000 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 450,000 
 1.38 

TOTAL 
 450,000 
 1.38 
 2,000,000 

82 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

RELATED
PERSON TRANSACTIONS 

Our
board of directors has adopted written policies and procedures for the review of any transaction, arrangement or relationship between
Amergent and one of our executive officers, directors, director nominees or 5 or greater stockholders (or their immediate family members),
each of whom we refer to as a related person, in which such related person has a direct or indirect material interest. 

If
a related person proposes to enter into such a transaction, arrangement or relationship, defined as a related party transaction, 
the related party must report the proposed related party transaction to our Chief Financial Officer. The policy calls for the proposed
related party transaction to be reviewed and, if deemed appropriate, approved by the Governance Committee. Our Governance Committee is
comprised of Messrs. Kiefer and Wagoner. Mr. Wagoner serves as Chairman. The board of directors has determined both of the members of
the Governance Committee are independent under the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC. If practicable, the reporting, review and approval
will occur prior to entry into the transaction. If advance review and approval is not practicable, the Governance Committee will review,
and, in its discretion, may ratify the related party transaction. Any related party transactions that are ongoing in nature will be reviewed
annually at a minimum. The terms obtained or consideration that we pay or receive, as applicable, in connection with related party transactions
are considered for approval if they are comparable to or better than terms available or the amounts that would be paid or received, as
applicable, in arm s-length transactions. Related party transactions are transactions in which we were or are to be a participant
and the amount involved exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for
the last two completed fiscal years and in which any related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest (other than
compensation described under Executive Compensation ). 

Except
as set forth below, we have not engaged in related party transactions since the beginning of fiscal 2021 and there are no currently proposed
related party transactions. 

Oz
Rey, LLC and affiliated entities 

In
connection with the private financing transaction of up to 3.0 of 8 Debentures and Warrants, Oz Rey, LLC agreed to subordinate payment
of its 10 senior secured convertible debenture to payment of the 8 Debentures. Oz Rey, LLC receives a fee equal to two percent (2.0 of the principal amount of the 8 Debentures issued in the transaction as well as a one-time payment of 15,000 for legal fees and expenses. 

Oz
Rey, LLC further agreed to extend the maturity date of its 10 secured convertible debenture to April 1, 2024. 

In
October, November and December 2022, the Company received advances in the aggregate of 0.5 million from MV Equity Partners Inc., an
affiliate of Oz Rey, LLC. In addition, the Company received an additional 0.1 million in 2023. 

In
March 2023, the Company received an advance of 0.4 million from MVA 916 LLC an affiliate of Oz Rey LLC. 

In
connection with Amergent s acquisition of the assets of Boudreaux s Cajun Kitchen, Inc. on March 17, 2023, Boudreaux s
agreed to pay Mastodon Ventures, Inc., an affiliate of Oz Rey, LLC, an aggregate fee of 250,000 in connection with the transaction. 

In February 2023, the Company closed a 2.5 million
Series B convertible preferred stock (the Series B Preferred and warrant financing with an affiliate of Oz Rey. The Company
issued 125 shares of Series B Preferred and warrants to purchase up to 1,250,000 shares of common stock at a 0.0001 par value. The warrants
have a term of 10 years and an initial exercise price of 1.00 per share of common stock, which is subject to adjustment for customary
provisions such as stock splits, stock dividends and distributions. 

The Series B Preferred is convertible into shares
of common stock at the option of the investors at a conversion price of 0.50 per share and will accrue dividends in an amount equal to
12 on an annual basis, payable in cash or in shares of common stock based on 30-day volume-weighted average price of common stock on
the trading market. The Company has the right to redeem the Series B Preferred subject to certain terms. 

Stephen
J. Hoelscher 

Stephen
J. Hoelscher was appointed Chief Financial Officer on January 19, 2021. Mr. Hoelscher s engagement with Amergent is on a part-time
basis. Mr. Hoelscher serves as an officer of entities affiliated with Oz Rey, LLC (holder of Amergent s 10 secured convertible
debenture in the principal amount of 4.0 million). Oz Rey, LLC s debenture is secured by a first priority interest in Amergent s
assets and guaranteed by all of Amergent s subsidiaries. Mr. Hoelscher also serves as (a) a Manager and also the Chief Financial
Officer of Oz Rey, LLC; (b) Chief Financial Officer of Mastodon Ventures, Inc., an affiliate of Oz Rey, LLC; and (c) as Manager and Chief
Financial Officer of MV Amanth LLC and its subsidiaries, also affiliates of Oz Rey, LLC. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company received related party advances in the aggregate of 0.6 million from MV Equity Partners
Inc., an affiliate of Oz Rey, LLC, in which the Chief Financial Officer serves as an officer but has no ownership interest. 

Michael
D. Pruitt 

In
August 2022 through December 2022, the Company received advances from a related party in aggregate of 0.6 million. The lending entity
is an entity in which the Company s Michael D. Priutt, the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer has an ownership
interest and serves as the Chief Executive Officer. Interest accrues at a rate of 1 , and principal and accrued interest was due on June
30, 2023 and the loan has not been extended. 

Indemnification
Agreements 

The
company has entered into indemnification agreements with each of its current directors and executive officers. These agreements will
require the company to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law against liabilities that may arise
by reason of their service to the company, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they
could be indemnified. The company also intends to enter into indemnification agreements with its future directors and executive officers. 

83 

DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

Our
board determined that Messrs. Johnson, Kiefer and Wagoner are independent directors as defined under Nasdaq rules. 

As
of the date of this Report, our board has four directors, one vacancy and the following three standing committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation
Committee, and a Governance Committee. The board determined through 2022, that each of Messrs. Johnson, Kiefer and Wagoner is an independent
director as defined by Rule 5605(a)(2) of The Nasdaq Stock Market Rules (the Nasdaq Rules ). Independence of board
members is re-evaluated by the board annually. 

Our
board of directors has adopted written policies and procedures for the review of any transaction, arrangement or relationship between
Amergent and one of our executive officers, directors, director nominees or 5 or greater stockholders (or their immediate family members),
each of whom we refer to as a related person, in which such related person has a direct or indirect material interest.
If a related person proposes to enter into such a transaction, arrangement or relationship, defined as a related party transaction, 
the related party must report the proposed related party transaction to our Chief Financial Officer. The policy calls for the proposed
related party transaction to be reviewed and, if deemed appropriate, approved by the Governance Committee. Our Governance Committee is
comprised of Messrs. Kiefer and Wagoner. Mr. Wagoner serves as Chairman. The board of directors has determined that both members of the
Governance Committee are independent under the Nasdaq rules. If practicable, the reporting, review and approval will occur prior to entry
into the transaction. If advance review and approval is not practicable, the Governance Committee will review, and, in its discretion,
may ratify the related party transaction. Any related party transactions that are ongoing in nature will be reviewed annually at a minimum. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table summarizes the fees for professional services rendered by Cherry Bekaert LLP, the Company s (and Chanticleer s
prior to the Merger) independent registered public accounting firms, for each of the respective last two fiscal years: 

Fee Category 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 338,450 
 521,023 
 
 Audit-Related Fees 
 12,850 
 21,592 
 
 Tax Fees 
 29,300 

Total Fees 
 380,600 
 542,615 

Audit
Fees 

Represents
fees for professional services provided in connection with the audit of the Company s annual consolidated financial statements
and reviews of the Company s quarterly interim consolidated financial statements. 

Audit-Related
Fees 

Fees
related to review of registration statements. 

Tax
Fees 

Tax
fees are associated with tax filings. 

84 

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

The
Audit Committee is responsible for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of the independent auditors. The Audit Committee
is required to review and approve the proposed retention of independent auditors to perform any proposed auditing and non-auditing services
as outlined in its charter. The Audit Committee has not established policies and procedures separate from its charter concerning the
pre-approval of auditing and non-auditing related services. As required by Section 10A of the Exchange Act, our Audit Committee has authorized
all auditing and non-auditing services provided by Cherry Bekaert LLP during 2022 and 2021 and the fees paid for such services. However,
the pre-approval requirement may be waived with respect to the provision of non-audit services for the Company if the de minimis 
provisions of Section 10A(i)(1)(B) of the Exchange Act are satisfied. 

The
Audit Committee has considered whether the provision of Audit-Related Fees, Tax Fees, and all other fees as described above is compatible
with maintaining Cherry Bekaert LLP s independence and has determined that such services for fiscal years 2022 and 2021 were compatible.
All such services were approved by the Audit Committee pursuant to Rule 2-01 of Regulation S-X under the Exchange Act to the extent that
rule was applicable. 

The
Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing and discussing the audited consolidated financial statements with management, discussing
with the independent registered public accountants the matters required by Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Auditing Standard
No. 1301 Communications with Audit Committees , receiving written disclosures from the independent registered public accountants
required by the applicable requirements of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding the independent registered public
accountants communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence and discussing with the independent registered public
accountants their independence, and recommending to the Board that the audited consolidated financial statements be included in the Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

There
were no hours expended on the principal accountant s engagement to audit the registrant s financial statements for the most
recent fiscal year that were attributed to work performed by persons other than the principal accountant s full-time, permanent
employees. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15: EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(a)
1. Financial Statements 

See
Index to Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

2.
Financial Statement Schedules 

All
other financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not applicable or the required information is shown in
the financial statements or notes thereto. 

3.
Exhibits 

See
the Exhibit Index, which follows the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

(b)
Exhibits 

See
Item 15(a) (3) above. 

(c)
Financial Statement Schedules 

See
Item 15(a) (2) above. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10K SUMMARY 

Not
applicable. 

85 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: 
 July 14, 2023 
 AMERGENT
 HOSPITALITY GROUP INC. 

a
 Delaware corporation 

By: 
 /s/
 Michael D. Pruitt 

Michael
 D. Pruitt 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

In
accordance with the Exchange Act, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Michael D. Pruitt. 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, 
 
 July 14, 2023 
 
 Michael
 D. Pruitt 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer), Chairman of the Board 

/s/
 Stephen J. Hoelscher 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 July 14, 2023 
 
 Stephen
 J. Hoelscher 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

/s/
 Keith J Johnson 
 
 Director 
 
 July 14, 2023 
 
 Keith
 J. Johnson 

/s/
 J. Eric Wagoner 
 
 Director 
 
 July 14, 2023 
 
 J.
 Eric Wagoner 

/s/
 Neil J. Kiefer 
 
 Director 
 
 July 14, 2023 
 
 Neil
 J. Kiefer 

86 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Exhibit
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Distribution Agreement by and between Chanticleer and Amergent dated March 25, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

2.2 
 
 Contribution Agreement by and between Chanticleer and Amergent dated March 31, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

2.3# 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among Chanticleer, Sonnet, and Merger-Sub, dated October 10, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.3 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

2.4 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, by and among Chanticleer, Sonnet and Merger-Sub dated February 7, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant filed February 18, 2020 with the Delaware Secretary of State, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock filed April 1, 2020 with the Delaware Secretary of State, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

3.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations of Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock dated August 16, 2020, incorporated by reference to exhibit 3.1 to Form 10Q, as filed August 19, 2020 

3.4 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations of Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock dated February 16, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Form 10-K filed April 15, 2021 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Designations of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock dated January 30, 2023, incorplorated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 2, 2023. 

3.6 
 
 Form of Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Stock Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Preferred Stock Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

4.3 
 
 Spin-Off Entity Warrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

4.4 
 
 Form of Warrant issued to Oz Rey, LLC on April 1, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

4.5 
 
 Form of Warrant issued to certain holders of Series 2 Convertible Preferred dated April 1, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

4
 (vi) 
 
 Description of Registrant s Common Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4(vi) to Form 10-K, filed April 15, 2021 

10.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and among Amergent, Oz Rey, LLC and certain other purchasers dated April 1, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

87 

10.2 
 
 Form of Secured Convertible Debenture of Amergent in favor of Oz Rey, LLC issued April 1, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement by and among Amergent, Oz Rey, LLC and certain holders of registrable securities, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

10.4 
 
 Subsidiary Guarantee in favor of Oz Rey, LLC dated April 1, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

10.5 
 
 Security Agreement in favor of Oz Rey, LLC dated April 1, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

10.6 
 
 Form of Franchise Agreement between Chanticleer and Hooters of America, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

10.7 
 
 Lease Agreement between Redus NC Commercial, LLC and Chanticleer, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

10.8 
 
 Gaming Assignment dated July 1, 2014, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

10.9 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

10.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2020, by and among Chanticleer and the investors party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Form 10-12G/A, filed July 2, 2020 

10.11 
 
 Note in favor of TowneBank in amount of 2,000,000 dated February 25, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Form 10-K, filed April 15, 2021 

10.12 
 
 Separation and Release Agreement by and between Amergent and Patrick Harkleroad, dated March 26, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Form 10-K, filed April 15, 2021 

10.13 
 
 Waiver, Consent and Amendment to Certificate of Designations by and between Amergent and holders of Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock dated August 17, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Form 10-K, filed April 15, 2021 

10.14 
 
 Waiver, Consent and Amendment to Certificate of Designations by and between Amergent and holders of Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock dated February 16, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Form 10-K, filed April 15, 2021 

10.15 
 
 Offer of Employment Agreement - Stephen J. Hoelscher dated January 30, 2023, filed herewith. 

10.16 
 
 Non-Solicitation and Confidentiality Agreement by and between Amergent and Stephen J. Hoelscher dated February 4, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Form 10-K, filed April 15, 2021 

10.17 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to 10 Secured Convertible Debenture dated March 9, 2021 by and between Amergent and Oz Rey, LLC (incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2021, as filed April 15, 2022) 

88 

10.18 
 
 Unit Purchase Agreement by and between Pie Squared Investment, LLC, PizzaRev Acquisition, LLC and Amergent dated August 30, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated August 30, 2021 

10.19 
 
 Convertible Promissory Note of Amergent in favor of PizzaRev Acquisition, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K dated August 30, 2021 

10.20 
 
 Security Agreement by and between PizzaRev Acquisition, LLC and Amergent, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K dated August 30, 2021 

10.21 
 
 Guaranty of Pie Squared Holdings, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K dated August 30, 2021 

10.22 
 
 Security Agreement of Pie Squared Holdings LLC and PizzaRev Acquisition, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K dated August 30, 2021 

10.23 
 
 Escrow Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form 8-K dated August 30, 2021 

10.24 
 
 Guaranty of PizzaRev Franchising, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form 8-K dated August 30, 2021 

10.25 
 
 Waiver of Security Interests and Liens of Oz Rey, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Form 8-K dated August 30, 2021 

10.26 
 
 Indemnification Agreement of PizzaRev Acquisition, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Form 8-K dated August 30, 2021 

10.27 
 
 Indemnification Agreement of Principal, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 8-K dated August 30, 2021 

10.28 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement dated October 8, 2021 by and between Chanticleer UK Group Limited and West End Wings Limited (UK), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Form 10Q filed November 22, 2021 

10.29 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to 10 Convertible Debenture and Warrants dated September 27, 2021 by and between Amergent and Oz Rey, LLC, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.17 to Form 10Q filed November 22, 2021 

10.30 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Frederick L. Glick and Amergent effective July 1, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated August 2, 2021 

10.31 
 
 Unrestricted Stock Award Agreement by and between Amergent and Frederick L. Glick, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K dated August 2, 2021 

10.32 
 
 Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement (No.1) by and between Amergent and Frederick L. Glick, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K dated August 2, 2021 

10.33 
 
 Nonstatutory
 Stock Option Agreement (No. 2) by and between Amergent and Frederick L. Glick, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 8-K
 dated August 2, 2021 

89 

10.34 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement for up to 3,000,000 of 8 Senior Unsecured Convertible Debentures and Warrants (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to Form 10-K, filed April 15, 2022) 

10.35 
 
 Form of 8 Senior Unsecured Convertible Debenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to Form 10-K, filed April 15, 2022) 

10.36 
 
 Form of Warrant issued with 8 Senior Unsecured Convertible Debentures (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to Form 10-K, filed April 15, 2022) 

10.37 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement for Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and Warrants, filed herewith 

10.38 
 
 Form of Warrant issued with Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, filed herewith 

10.39 
 
 Executive Offer by and between Amergent and Mark Whittle dated January 11, 2023, filed herewith 

10.40 
 
 Executive Offer by and between Amergent and Stephen J. Hoelscher dated January 30, 2023, filed herewith 

10.41# 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement by and between 110/120 Cuisine, LLC and Boudreaux s Cajun Kitchen, Inc. dated January 18, 2023, filed herewith 

10.42 

Executive Separation Agreement dated January 10, 2023 by and between Amergent and Frederick L. Glick, filed herewith. 

10.43 

Stock Option Agreement- Michael D. Pruitt 

10.44 

Stock Option Agreement Stephen J. Hoelscher 

10.45 
 
 Stock Option Agreement Mark Whittle 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Form 10-K, filed April 15, 2021 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of Amergent Hospitality Group Inc., filed herewith 

22(ii) 
 
 Affiliate Guarantor, filed herewith 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 filed herewith 

99.1 
 
 Amergent Hospitality Group Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Form 10-K, filed April 15, 2022) 

99.2 
 
 2021 Amergent Hospitality Group Inc. Inducement Plan, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Amergent s Registration Statement on Form S-8, File No. 333-258345, as filed August 2, 2021 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Management
 Compensatory Contract or Arrangement 
 
 # 
 
 The
 schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule
 and/or exhibit will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

90 

<EX-3.5>
 2
 ex3-5.htm

Exhibit
3.5 

AMERGENT
HOSPITALITY GROUP INC. 

CERTIFICATE
OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES, 

 RIGHTS
AND LIMITATIONS 

 OF 

 SERIES
 B CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 

PURSUANT
TO SECTION 151 OF THE 

 Delaware
GENERAL CORPORATION LAW 

The
undersigned, Michael D. Pruitt and Michelle Arcidiacono, do hereby certify that: 

1. They
 are the President and Secretary, respectively, of AMERGENT HOSPITALITY GROUP INC., a Delaware
 corporation (the Corporation ). 

2. That
 the following resolution was duly adopted by the Board of Directors (the Board
 of Directors of the Corporation, at a meeting duly convened and held,
 at which a quorum was present and acting throughout: 

WHEREAS ,
the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation provides for a class of shares known as the Preferred Stock, issuable from time to
time in one or more series; 

WHEREAS ,
the Board of Directors of the Corporation is authorized, in the Certificate of Incorporation, by resolution or resolutions from time
to time adopted, to fix, by resolution or resolutions, the designations, preferences, and relative, participating, optional or other
special rights of the shares of each such series, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions imposed upon each wholly unissued
series of the Preferred Stock, including the right to determine the designation of such series, the number of shares to constitute such
series and the stated value thereof; and 

WHEREAS ,
the Board of Directors of the Corporation desires to designate a series of the Preferred Stock as Series B Convertible Preferred 
and to designate the number of shares constituting such series and to fix the rights, preferences, qualifications and restrictions of
such series. 

BE
IT RESOLVED , that the Board of Directors of the Corporation hereby designates such new series of the Preferred Stock and the number
of shares constituting such series and fixes the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions relating to such series as follows: 

TERMS
OF SERIES B CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 

Section
1 . Definitions . For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

Affiliate 
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

1 

Alternate
Consideration shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d). 

Amendment 
means an amendment to the Company s certificate of incorporation to increase the authorized shares of Common Stock to 150,000,000. 

Bankruptcy
Event means any of the following events: (a) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule
1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment
of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Corporation or
any Significant Subsidiary thereof, (b) there is commenced against the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof any such case
or proceeding that is not dismissed within 60 days after commencement, (c) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated
insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered, (d) the Corporation or
any Significant Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its property
that is not discharged or stayed within 60 calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof
makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of
its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts, or (g) the Corporation or any Significant
Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing
or takes any corporate or other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing. 

Beneficial
Ownership Limitation shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d). 

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. 

Buy-In 
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c)(iv). 

Commission 
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common
Stock means the Corporation s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities
into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Corporation or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that
is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

2 

Conversion
Amount means the sum of the Stated Value at issue. 

Conversion
Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a). 

Conversion
Price shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b). 

Conversion
Shares means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in accordance
with the terms hereof. 

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Fundamental
Transaction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d). 

GAAP 
means United States generally accepted accounting principles. 

Holder 
shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2. 

Junior
Securities means the Common Stock and all other Common Stock Equivalents of the Corporation other than those securities which
are explicitly senior or pari passu to the Preferred Stock in dividend rights or liquidation preference. 

Liquidation 
shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5. 

Notice
of Conversion shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a). 

Original
Issue Date means the date of the first issuance of any shares of the Series B Preferred Stock regardless of the number of
transfers of any particular shares of Series B Preferred Stock and regardless of the number of certificates which may be issued to evidence
such Series B Preferred Stock. 

Person 
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 

Preferred
Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2. 

Purchase
Agreement means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of the Original Issue Date, among the Corporation and the original
Holders, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms. 

3 

Securities 
means the Preferred Stock and the Underlying Shares. 

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Senior
Securities means Series 2 Convertible Preferred Stock. 

Share
Delivery Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c). 

Stated
Value shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2. 

Subsidiary 
means any subsidiary of the Corporation as defined in the Purchase Agreement and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or
indirect subsidiary of the Corporation formed or acquired after the date of the Purchase Agreement. 

Successor
Entity shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(d). 

Stockholder
Approval means the approval of the stockholders of the Corporation Stockholder Approval to amend the Company s
certificate of incorporation to increase the authorized shares of Common Stock to 150,000,000 at a Special Meeting of Stockholders to
be held no later than May 15, 2023. 

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for business. 

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange,
OTCQB or OTCQX (or any successors to any of the foregoing). 

Transaction
Documents means this Certificate of Designation, the Purchase Agreement, the Warrant, all exhibits and schedules thereto and
hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 

Underlying
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issued and issuable upon conversion or redemption of the Preferred Stock in accordance
with the terms of this Certificate of Designation. 

VWAP 
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the Pink Sheets 
published by OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent
bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Corporation, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Corporation. 

4 

Section
2 . Designation, Amount and Par Value . The series of preferred stock shall be designated as its Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Preferred Stock and the number of shares so designated shall be up to 400 (which shall not be subject
to increase without the written consent of all of the holders of the Preferred Stock (each, a Holder and collectively,
the Holders )). Each share of Preferred Stock shall have no par value per share and a stated value equal to 20,000.00,
subject to increase set forth in Section 3 below (the Stated Value ). 

Section
3 . Dividends . Holders of Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors,
out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends, cumulative preferred cash dividends (or, to the extent permitted by Section
4 hereof, dividends payable in Common Stock) on each share of Preferred Stock at the rate of 12 per annum on the Stated Value (as defined
below). Accrued and unpaid dividends may be declared and paid at any time (whether in cash or in kind), to holders of record on the applicable
record date, which shall be no more than 45 days preceding the payment date thereof, as may be fixed by the Board of Directors. Dividends
on the Series B Preferred Stock shall be cumulative and accrue from the date of issue, whether or not funds of the Corporation are legally
available for the payment of such dividends and whether or not such dividends are declared by the Board of Directors. The Corporation
may, at its option, when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends,
and, to the extent legally permitted at such time and to the extent such dividends are not declared and paid in cash, may pay the preferred
dividends payable pursuant to Section 3 hereof in shares of Common Stock instead of cash. No fractional shares shall be issued upon the
payment of dividends pursuant to this Section 3, and the number of shares to be issued upon payment of such dividends will be rounded
up to the nearest whole share; provided that, in lieu of rounding up to the nearest whole share, the Corporation may, at its option,
pay a cash adjustment in respect of such fractional interest equal to such fractional interest multiplied by the Stated Value. So long
as any Series B Preferred Stock shall remain outstanding, neither the Corporation nor any Subsidiary thereof shall directly or indirectly
pay or declare any dividend or make any distribution upon nor shall any distribution be made in respect of, any Junior Securities as
long as any dividends due on the Series B Preferred Stock remain unpaid, nor shall any monies be set aside for or applied to the purchase
or redemption (through a sinking fund or otherwise) of any Junior Securities or shares pari passu with the Series B Preferred
Stock. 

To
the extent dividends are paid in Common Stock, (i) such shares shall be duly and validly issued and fully paid and non-assessable, free
and clear of all liens and other claims and not subject to any preemptive rights, and (ii) each Holder of Series B Preferred Stock shall
receive a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the product of (x) the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock held by such
Holder and (y) a fraction, the numerator of which shall be equal to the cash amount per share of Series B Preferred Stock that would
have been paid if the dividend had been paid in cash instead of Common Stock and the denominator of which shall be equal to the 30-day
VWAP of the Common Stock. No fractional shares shall be issued upon the payment of dividends pursuant to this Section 3, and the number
of shares to be issued upon payment of such dividends will be rounded up to the nearest whole share; provided that, in lieu of
rounding up to the nearest whole share, the Corporation may, at its option, pay a cash adjustment in respect of such fractional interest
equal to such fractional interest multiplied by the Stated Value. 

5 

Section
4 . Voting Rights . The Holder shall vote together with the holders of the Common Stock as a single class on an as-converted
basis on all matters presented to the holders of Common Stock and shall vote as a separate class on all matters presented to the Holders
of Series B Preferred Stock. In addition, without the approval of Holders of a majority in interest of shares of Series B Preferred,
the Corporation will not, among other things, (i) except with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, sell
all or substantially all of its assets, merge or consolidate with another entity or voluntarily liquidate or dissolve the Corporation,
(ii) alter or change the rights, preferences or privileges of the Series B Preferred Stock, (iii) authorize or create any class of stock
ranking as to dividends, redemption or distribution of assets upon a Liquidation (as defined in Section 5) senior to, or otherwise pari
passu with, the Series B Preferred Stock, (iv) amend its certificate of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that
adversely affects any rights of the Holder, (v) increase the number of authorized shares of Series B Preferred Stock, (vi) redeem any
shares of capital stock of the Corporation (other than any redemption of securities from officers or employees of the Corporation pursuant
to existing contractual arrangements with such officers or employees or in connection with the termination of their employment) or (vii)
enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. 

Section
5 . Liquidation . Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary (a Liquidation ),
the Holders shall be entitled to receive out of the assets of the Corporation an amount equal to the Stated Value plus any accrued and
unpaid interest, for each share of Series B Preferred Stock after any distributions and payment shall be made to holders of any Senior
Securities and before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any Junior Securities; provided however, if the assets
of the Corporation shall be insufficient to pay in full such amounts, then, after any distributions and payment shall be made to holders
of any Senior Securities, the remaining assets, if any, to be distributed to the Holders shall be ratably distributed among the Holders
in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on such shares of Series B Preferred if all amounts payable thereon were
paid in full. The Corporation shall mail written notice of any such Liquidation, not less than 45 days prior to the payment date stated
therein, to each Holder. 

Section
6 . Conversion . 

a)
 Conversions at Option of Holder . Each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at any time and from time to time
from and after the Original Issue Date at the option of the Holder thereof, into that number of shares of Common Stock (subject to the
limitations set forth in Section 6(d)) determined by dividing the Stated Value of such share of Series B Preferred Stock by the Conversion
Price. Holders shall effect conversions by providing the Corporation with the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Annex A
 (a Notice of Conversion ). Each Notice of Conversion shall specify the number of shares of Series B Preferred
Stock to be converted, the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock owned prior to the conversion at issue, the number of shares
of Series B Preferred Stock owned subsequent to the conversion at issue and the date on which such conversion is to be effected, which
date may not be prior to the date the applicable Holder delivers by facsimile such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation (such date,
the Conversion Date ). If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be
the date that such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall
be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required.
The calculations and entries set forth in the Notice of Conversion shall control in the absence of manifest or mathematical error. To
effect conversions of shares of Series B Preferred Stock, a Holder shall not be required to surrender the certificate(s) representing
the shares of Series B Preferred Stock to the Corporation unless all of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock represented thereby are
so converted, in which case such Holder shall deliver the certificate representing such shares of Series B Preferred Stock promptly following
the Conversion Date at issue. Shares of Series B Preferred Stock converted into Common Stock or redeemed in accordance with the terms
hereof shall be canceled and shall not be reissued. 

6 

b)
 Conversion Price . The conversion price for the Series B Preferred Stock shall equal to 0.50 (subject to adjustment as provided
in Section 7). 

c)
 Mechanics of Conversion 

i.
 Delivery of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion . Not later than two (2) Trading Days after each Conversion Date (the Share
Delivery Date ), the Corporation shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the converting Holder the number of Conversion
Shares being acquired upon the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock, which Conversion Shares shall be free of restrictive legends
and trading restrictions. The Corporation shall deliver the Conversion Shares electronically through the Depository Trust Company or
another established clearing corporation performing similar functions. 

ii.
 Failure to Deliver Conversion Shares . If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered to
or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Corporation
at any time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Corporation shall promptly
return to the Holder any original Series B Preferred Stock certificate delivered to the Corporation and the Holder shall promptly return
to the Corporation the Conversion Shares issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice. 

iii.
 Obligation Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages . The Corporation s obligation to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares
upon conversion of Series B Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action
or inaction by a Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment
against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach
or alleged breach by such Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Corporation or any violation or alleged violation of law
by such Holder or any other person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Corporation
to such Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided , however , that such delivery shall not
operate as a waiver by the Corporation of any such action that the Corporation may have against such Holder. In the event a Holder shall
elect to convert any or all of the Stated Value of its Series B Preferred Stock, the Corporation may not refuse conversion based on any
claim that such Holder or any one associated or affiliated with such Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for
any other reason, unless an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and/or enjoining conversion of all or part of the
Series B Preferred Stock of such Holder shall have been sought and obtained, and the Corporation posts a surety bond for the benefit
of such Holder in the amount of 150 of the Stated Value of Series B Preferred Stock which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall
remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable
to such Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of such injunction, the Corporation shall issue Conversion Shares and,
if applicable, cash, upon a properly noticed conversion. If the Corporation fails to deliver to a Holder such Conversion Shares pursuant
to Section 6(c)(i) by the Share Delivery Date applicable to such conversion, the Corporation shall pay to such Holder, in cash, as liquidated
damages and not as a penalty, for each 5,000 of Stated Value of Series B Preferred Stock being converted, 50 per Trading Day (increasing
to 100 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day and increasing to 200 per Trading Day on the sixth Trading Day after such damages begin
to accrue) for each Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. 

7 

iv.
 Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares Upon Conversion . In addition to any other rights available
to the Holder, if the Corporation fails for any reason to deliver to a Holder the applicable Conversion Shares by the Share Delivery
Date pursuant to Section 6(c)(i), and if after such Share Delivery Date such Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in
an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver
in satisfaction of a sale by such Holder of the Conversion Shares which such Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating
to such Share Delivery Date (a Buy-In ), then the Corporation shall (A) pay in cash to such Holder (in addition to
any other remedies available to or elected by such Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) such Holder s total purchase price
(including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares
of Common Stock that such Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which
the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of such
Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) the shares of Series B Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock
submitted for conversion (in which case, such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to such Holder the number of shares of
Common Stock that would have been issued if the Corporation had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 6(c)(i).
For example, if a Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to
an attempted conversion of shares of Series B Preferred Stock with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including
any brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of 10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding
sentence, the Corporation shall be required to pay such Holder 1,000. The Holder shall provide the Corporation written notice indicating
the amounts payable to such Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Corporation, evidence of the amount of such loss.
Nothing herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including,
without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Corporation s failure to timely
deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the shares of Series B Preferred Stock as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

v.
 Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion . Subject to the Stockholder Approval and the Amendment, the Corporation covenants
that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of
issuance upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock and payment of dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock, each as herein provided,
free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders of
the Series B Preferred Stock), not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions
set forth in the Purchase Agreement) be issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 7) upon the conversion
of the then outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock and payment of dividends hereunder. The Corporation covenants that all shares
of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 

vi.
 Fractional Shares . No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of the Series
B Preferred Stock. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Corporation
shall at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share. 

8 

vii.
 Transfer Taxes and Expenses . The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of this Series B Preferred Stock shall be made without
charge to any Holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion
Shares, provided that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in
the issuance and delivery of any such Conversion Shares upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holders of such shares of Series
B Preferred Stock and the Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or
Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction
of the Corporation that such tax has been paid. The Corporation shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of
any Notice of Conversion and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar
functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares. 

d)
 Beneficial Ownership Limitation . The Corporation shall not effect any conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock, and a Holder
shall not have the right to convert any portion of the Series B Preferred Stock, to the extent that, after giving effect to the conversion
set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, such Holder (together with such Holder s Affiliates, and any Persons acting as
a group together with such Holder or any of such Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties ))
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock with respect to which such determination is being
made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted Stated
Value of Series B Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise
or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Corporation subject to a limitation on conversion
or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties.
Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 6(d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance
with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained
in this Section 6(d) applies, the determination of whether the Series B Preferred Stock is convertible (in relation to other securities
owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of how many shares of Series B Preferred Stock are convertible
shall be in the sole discretion of such Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be such Holder s
determination of whether the shares of Series B Preferred Stock may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder
together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and how many shares of the Series B Preferred Stock are convertible, in each case
subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure compliance with this restriction, each Holder will be deemed to represent to
the Corporation each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion that such Notice of Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth
in this paragraph and the Corporation shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition,
a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act
and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. For purposes of this Section 6(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following:
(i) the Corporation s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public
announcement by the Corporation or (iii) a more recent written notice by the Corporation or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number
of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Corporation shall within two Trading Days confirm
orally and in writing to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares
of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Corporation, including the
Series B Preferred Stock, by such Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date as of which such number of outstanding
shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be 4.99 of the number of shares
of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of
Series B Preferred Stock held by the applicable Holder. A Holder, upon notice to the Corporation, may increase, decrease or waive the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 6(d) applicable to its Series B Preferred Stock Any such increase or decrease
in, or waiver of, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61 st day after such notice is delivered
to the Corporation and shall only apply to such Holder and no other Holder. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented
in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 6(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof)
which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements
necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor
holder of Series B Preferred Stock. 

9 

Section
7 . Certain Adjustments . 

a)
 Stock Dividends and Stock Splits . If the Corporation, at any time while this Series B Preferred Stock is outstanding: (i) pays
a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any
other Common Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Corporation
upon conversion of, or payment of a dividend on, this Series B Preferred Stock), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into
a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller
number of shares, or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the
Corporation, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common
Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall
be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 7(a) shall
become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution
and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. 

b)
 Subsequent Rights Offerings . In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 7(a) above, if at any time the Corporation grants,
issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record
holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights ), then the Holder of will be entitled to acquire,
upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had
held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of such Holder s Series B Preferred Stock (without
regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the
date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as
of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided,
however, to the extent that the Holder s right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the
Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial
ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall
be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial
Ownership Limitation). 

c)
 Pro Rata Distributions . During such time as this Series B Preferred Stock is outstanding, if the Corporation shall declare or
make any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way
of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options
by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution ),
at any time after the issuance of this Series B Preferred Stock, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate
in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of
Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of this Series B Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on conversion hereof,
including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution,
or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation
in such Distribution provided , however , to the extent that the Holder s right to participate in any such Distribution
would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such
Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent)
and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto
would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

10 

d)
 Fundamental Transaction . If, at any time while this Series B Preferred Stock is outstanding, (i) the Corporation, directly or
indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into another Person, (ii)
the Corporation, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all
or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender
offer or exchange offer (whether by the Corporation or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted
to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50 or more of
the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification,
reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively
converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related
transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization,
recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than 50 of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated
or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each
a Fundamental Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Series B Preferred Stock, the Holder shall
have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence
of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 6(d) on the conversion of this Series B Preferred Stock),
the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Corporation, if it is the surviving corporation,
and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction
by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Series B Preferred Stock is convertible immediately prior to such
Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 6(d) on the conversion of this Series B Preferred Stock). For purposes
of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration
based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and
the Corporation shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative
value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities,
cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration
it receives upon any conversion of this Series B Preferred Stock following such Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate
the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Corporation or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall file a new Certificate
of Designation with the same terms and conditions and issue to the Holders new preferred stock consistent with the foregoing provisions
and evidencing the Holders right to convert such preferred stock into Alternate Consideration. The Corporation shall cause any
successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Corporation is not the survivor (the Successor Entity to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designation and the other Transaction Documents
(as defined in the Purchase Agreement) in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7(d) pursuant to written agreements in form
and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental
Transaction and shall, at the option of the Holder of this Series B Preferred Stock, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Series
B Preferred Stock a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to
this Series B Preferred Stock which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or
its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Series B Preferred Stock
(without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Series B Preferred Stock) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with
a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative
value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number
of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Series B Preferred
Stock immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance
to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for
(so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Certificate of Designation and the other Transaction
Documents referring to the Corporation shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power
of the Corporation and shall assume all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designation and the other Transaction
Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Corporation herein. 

11 

e)
 Calculations . All calculations under this Section 7 shall be made to the nearest dollar or the nearest whole share, as the case
may be. For purposes of this Section 7, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) issued and outstanding. 

f)
 Notice to the Holders . 

i.
 Adjustment to Conversion Price . Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 7, the Corporation
shall promptly deliver to each Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting
forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii.
 Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder . If (A) the Corporation shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form)
on the Common Stock, (B) the Corporation shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C)
the Corporation shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any
shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Corporation shall be required in connection
with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Corporation is a party, any sale or transfer
of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted
into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Corporation shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation
or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, then, in each case, the Corporation shall cause to be filed at each office or agency
maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Series B Preferred Stock, and shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to each
Holder at its last facsimile number or email address as it shall appear upon the stock books of the Corporation, at least twenty (20)
calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record
is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the
date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants
are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected
to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to
exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation,
merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof
shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided
hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Corporation or any of the Subsidiaries, the Corporation
shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled
to convert the Conversion Amount of this Series B Preferred Stock (or any part hereof) during the 20-day period commencing on the date
of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 

12 

Section
8 . Redemption at Option of Corporation . Series B Preferred shall be subject to redemption at any time, from time to time,
our of legally available funds, upon the election of the Board of Directors and subject to the terms and conditions set forth below: 

(a)
Commencing May 1, 2023 through December 31, 2023, the Corporation may redeem the Series B Preferred at a price of 25,000.00 per share
plus the amount of accrued but unpaid dividends. 

(b)
Commencing January 1, 2024 through December 31, 2024, the Corporation may redeem the Series B Preferred stock at a price of 30,000.00
per share plus the amount accrued but unpaid dividends. 

(c)
Commencing January 1, 2025 through December 31, 2025, the Corporation may redeem the Series B Preferred stock at a price of 35,000.00
per share plus the amount accrued but unpaid dividends. 

(d)
Redemptions may be made in part, pro-rata among all Holders of the Series B Preferred based upon the number of such shares owned by each
record holder thereof, or in whole and require 30 days notice to Holders. The redemption notice Redemption Notice shall be in writing and shall specify the redemption date, the number of shares to be redeemed Redemption Shares and
the location to which the certificates evidencing the Redemption Shares shall be delivered by the record holders thereof. Each such certificate
shall be duly endorsed by the record holder on the reverse of the certificate or accompanied by an appropriate stock power. 

(e)
On the redemption date, the Corporation shall pay the appropriate redemption amounts to the order of the person(s) whose name appears
on the certificate or certificates of the Redemption Shares that shall have been surrendered to the Corporation in the manner and at
the place designated in the Redemption Notice, and thereupon each surrendered certificate shall be canceled. From and after the Redemption
Date, unless there shall have been a default in payment of the redemption amount, all rights of the holders of the Redemption Shares
(except the right to receive the redemption amount) shall cease with respect to such shares. If any holder of the Redemption Shares shall
fail on or before the Redemption Date to deliver and surrender the certificate to the Corporation as provided in the Redemptions Notice
to be therefor, funds necessary for such redemption shall be set apart by the Corporation and held in a special fund for the payment
of the redemption price. The holder of Redemption Shares shall thereafter be entitled at any time to deliver and surrender the Redemption
Shares held by such holder and to receive the amount so set aside for such holder s benefit without any interest thereon. After
the making of such deposit, the Corporation shall not be liable to pay to the holder of such Redemption Shares any dividends thereon,
and the holder of such Redemption Shares shall thereafter have only the right to receive the amount so deposited, upon surrender of such
Redemption Shares. If less than all of the shares evidenced by a certificate are being cancelled, the Corporation shall issue to the
record holder a new certificate evidencing the shares not redeemed. 

Section
9 . Miscellaneous . 

a)
 Notices . Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Corporation
shall be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 

b)
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Certificate
of Designation shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 

13 

c)
 Absolute Obligation . Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Certificate of Designation shall alter or impair
the obligation of the Corporation, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay liquidated damages, accrued dividends and accrued interest,
as applicable, on the shares of Series B Preferred Stock at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 

d)
 Lost or Mutilated Series B Preferred Stock Certificate . If a Holder s Series B Preferred Stock certificate shall be mutilated,
lost, stolen or destroyed, the Corporation shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated
certificate, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, a new certificate for the shares of Series
B Preferred Stock so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such
certificate, and of the ownership hereof reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation. 

e)
 Waiver . Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder of a breach of any provision of this Certificate of Designation shall not operate
as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Certificate of
Designation or a waiver by any other Holders. The failure of the Corporation or a Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term
of this Certificate of Designation on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party (or any other Holder)
of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate of Designation on any other
occasion. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder must be in writing. 

f)
 Severability . If any provision of this Certificate of Designation is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Certificate
of Designation shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain
applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder
violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the
maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law. 

g)
 Next Business Day . Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment
shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day. 

h)
 Headings . The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Certificate of Designation
and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

i)
 Status of Converted or Redeemed Series B Preferred Stock . Shares of Series B Preferred Stock may only be issued pursuant to the
Purchase Agreement. If any shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall be converted, redeemed or reacquired by the Corporation, such shares
shall resume the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock and shall no longer be designated as Series B Preferred
Stock. 

14 

j)
 Piggyback Registration Rights . Whenever the Corporation proposes to register any shares of its Common Stock under the Securities
Act (other than a registration effected solely to implement an employee benefit plan or a transaction to which Rule 145 of the Securities
Act is applicable, or a Registration Statement on Form S-4, S-8 or any successor form thereto or another form not available for registering
the Conversion Shares for sale to the public, whether for its own account or for the account of one or more stockholders of the Corporation
and the form of registration statement to be used may be used to register the Conversion Shares (a Piggyback Registration ),
the Corporation shall give prompt written notice prior to the filing of such registration statement (or its confidential submission to
the SEC in draft form) to the Holders of its intention to effect such a registration and, subject to limitations set forth in this section,
shall include in such registration Conversion Shares with respect to which the Corporation has received written requests for inclusion
from the Holders within 5 days after the Corporation s notice has been given to each such Holder. The Corporation may postpone
or withdraw the filing or effectiveness of a Piggyback Registration at any time in its sole discretion. In connection with any offering
involving an underwriting of Corporation securities pursuant, the Corporation shall not be required to include any of the Conversion
Shares in such underwriting unless the Holders accept the terms of the underwriting as agreed upon between the Corporation and its underwriters,
and then only in such quantity, if any, as the underwriters in their sole discretion determine will not jeopardize the success of the
offering by the Corporation. 

RESOLVED,
FURTHER, that the Chairman, the president or any vice-president, and the secretary or any assistant secretary, of the Corporation be
and they hereby are authorized and directed to prepare and file this Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations
in accordance with the foregoing resolution and the provisions of Delaware law. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Certificate this 31 st day of January, 2023. 

/s/
 Michael D. Pruitt 

/s/
 Michelle Arcidiacono 

Name: 
 Michael D. Pruitt 
 
 Name: 
 Michelle Arcidiacono 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Title: 
 Title:
 Secretary 

15 

ANNEX
A 

NOTICE
OF CONVERSION 

(To
be Executed by the Registered Holder in order to Convert Shares of Series B Preferred Stock) 

The
undersigned hereby elects to convert the number of shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock indicated below into shares of common
stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock ), of Amergent Hospitality Group Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the Corporation ), according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below. If shares of Common Stock are
to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto
and is delivering herewith such certificates and opinions as may be required by the Corporation in accordance with the Purchase Agreement.
No fee will be charged to the Holders for any conversion, except for any such transfer taxes. 

Conversion
calculations: 

Date
 to Effect Conversion: __________________________________________________________ 

Number
 of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to Conversion: _______________ ______________ 

Number
 of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted: ________________________ _____________ 

Stated
 Value of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted: ____________________ ______________ 

Number
 of shares of Common Stock to be Issued: ___________________________ _____________ 

Applicable
 Conversion Price:____________________________________________ ____________ 

Number
 of shares of Preferred Stock subsequent to Conversion: ________________ ______________ 

Address
 for Delivery: ______________________ 
 
 or 
 
 DWAC
 Instructions: 
 
 Broker
 no: _________ 
 
 Account
 no: ____________ 

[HOLDER] 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

16 

</EX-3.5>

<EX-10.15>
 3
 ex10-15.htm

Exhibit
10.15 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.37>
 4
 ex10-37.htm

Exhibit
10.37 

SECURITIES
PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

This
Securities Purchase Agreement (this Agreement is dated as of the date set forth on each Purchasers signature page,
between Amergent Hospitality Group Inc., a Delaware corporation Amergent and each purchaser identified on the
signature pages hereto and each purchaser identified on the signature pages hereto, a Purchaser and collectively,
the Purchasers ). 

WHEREAS,
Company and each Purchaser are executing and delivering this Agreement in reliance upon the exemption from securities registration afforded
by Section 4(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Rule 506 of Regulation D Regulation
D as promulgated by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission under the Securities
Act. 

WHEREAS,
the Company is offering up to 400 Units Units ), each Unit comprised of (i) one share of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock and (ii) a 10-year warrant to purchase up to 10,000 shares of Common Stock, to accredited investors only, as that term is defined
in Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, at the Purchase Price per Unit of 20,000.00. Each Purchaser, severally
and not jointly, wishes to purchase, and the Company wishes to sell, upon the terms and conditions stated in this Agreement, (i) that
number of Units at the Subscription Price set forth below such Purchaser s name on the signature page of this Agreement, which
aggregate amounts for all Purchasers together shall be up to 8,000,000. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and each Purchaser agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
I. 

 DEFINITIONS 

1.1
 Definitions . In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings set forth in
this Section 1.1: 

Acquiring
Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.7. 

Action 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(h). 

Affiliate 
means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control
with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 under the Securities Act. 

Board
of Directors means the board of directors of the Company. 

Business
Day means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day
on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close.. 

Certificate
of Designations means the Certificate of Designations to be filed prior to the Closing by the Company with the Secretary of
State of Delaware, defining the rights, preferences and privileges of the Preferred Stock in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. 

Closing 
means the completion of the purchase and sale of the Securities as to one or more Purchaser(s). 

Closing
Date means the Trading Day on which a Closing occurs. 

1 

Commission 
means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Common
Stock means the common stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share, and any other class of securities into which such
securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. 

Common
Stock Equivalents means any securities of the Company or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire
at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, right, option, warrant or other instrument that is
at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. 

Company
Counsel means Raines Feldman LLP, with offices located at 1800 Avenue of the Stars, 12th Floor, Los Angeles, CA 90067. 

Conversion
Shares means any shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock. 

Exchange
Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

FCPA 
means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended. 

GAAP 
shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(ii). 

Intellectual
Property Rights shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 

 3.1(n). 

Legend
Removal Date shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.1(c). 

Liens 
means a lien, charge, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction. 

Material
Adverse Effect shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.1(b). 

Material
Permits shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(l). 

Person 
means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability
company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 

Proceeding 
means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an informal investigation or partial proceeding,
such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened. 

Purchase
Price means 20,000.00 per Unit. 

Purchaser
Party shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.9. 

Preferred
Stock means the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to be delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing. 

Required
Approvals shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(c). 

Rule
144 means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to
time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule. 

2 

SEC
Reports shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 3.1(jj). 

Securities 
means the Units, Preferred Stock, the Conversion Shares, the Warrants, and the Warrant Shares. 

Securities
Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Shares 
means the Warrant Shares and the Conversion Shares. 

Subscription
Price means each Purchasers aggregate subscription amount (in multiples of 20,000.00). 

Subsidiary 
means any subsidiary of the Company as set forth in the Company s SEC Reports and shall, where applicable, also include any direct
or indirect subsidiary of the Company formed or acquired after the date hereof. 

Trading
Day means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for trading. 

Trading
Market means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date
in question: the OTC Markets Pink Sheets, the OTCQB, the OTCQX, NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq
Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing). 

Transaction
Documents means this Agreement, Certificate of Designations, the Warrant and all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto
and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder. 

Transfer
Agent means Securities Transfer Corporation, the transfer agent of the Company, with a mailing address of 901 N. Dallas Parkway,
Suite 380 and a facsimile number of (469) 633-0088, and any successor transfer agent of the Company. 

Unit 
means one share of Preferred Stock and a Warrant to purchase up to 10,000 shares of Common Stock. 

Warrants 
means, the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Purchasers at the Closing in accordance with Section 2.2(a) hereof, which
Warrants shall be exercisable from the date of issuance and have a term of exercise equal to ten (10) years, in the form of Exhibit
B attached hereto. 

Warrant
Shares means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. 

ARTICLE
II. 

 PURCHASE
AND SALE 

2.1
 Closings . One or more Closings to take place on a rolling basis on or before April 15, 2023. Funds will be available to the Company
to deploy immediately upon each Closing. On each Closing Date, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, substantially
concurrent with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the parties hereto, (a) the Company hereby agrees to sell, and Purchaser
agrees to buy, the Securities and (b) the Company agrees to issue, and the Purchasers, severally and not jointly, agree to acquire the
Securities in the denominations set forth on Schedule 2.1 . The Company and each Purchaser shall deliver the items set forth in
Section 2.2 deliverable at the Closing. Upon satisfaction of the covenants and conditions set forth in Sections 2.2 and 2.3, the Closing
shall occur remotely by facsimile transmission or other electronic means as the parties may mutually agree. 

3 

2.2
 Deliveries . 

(a) On
the Closing Date, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the appropriate Purchaser the following: 

(i) this Agreement duly executed by the Company; 

(ii) that number of Units set forth on the signature page hereof; and 

(b) On
the Closing Date, the Purchaser shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company the following: 

(i) this
Agreement duly executed by such Purchaser; and 

(ii) wire
transfer of immediately available funds in the amount of Subscription Price payable to the Company pursuant to the wire transfer instructions
attached hereto as Appendix 1. 

2.3
 Closing Conditions . 

(a) The
obligations of the Company hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met: 

(i) the
representations and warranties made by the applicable Purchaser(s) in Section 3.2 shall be true and correct when made, and shall be true
and correct on the Closing Date or the applicable additional Closing Date; 

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of each Purchaser required to be performed at or prior to each Closing Date shall have been performed;
and 

(iii) the
delivery by each Purchaser of the items set forth in Section 2.2(b) of this Agreement. 

(b) The
respective obligations of the Purchasers hereunder in connection with the Closing are subject to the following conditions being met: 

(i) The
representations and warranties made by the Company in Section 3.1. shall have been true and correct when made and shall be true and correct
on the applicable additional Closing Date. 

(ii) all
obligations, covenants and agreements of the Company required to be performed at or prior to the Closing Date shall have been performed; 

(iii) the
delivery by the Company of the items set forth in Section 2.2(a) of this Agreement; and 

(iv) there
shall have been no Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Company since the date hereof. 

4 

ARTICLE
III. 

 REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES 

3.1
 Representations and Warranties of the Company . The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each
Purchaser: 

(a) Subsidiaries .
All of the direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in the Company s SEC Reports. 

(b) Organization
and Qualification . The Company and each of the Subsidiaries is an entity duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing
and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, with the requisite power and authority
to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
is in violation nor default of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational
or charter documents. Each of the Company and the Subsidiaries is duly qualified to conduct business and is in good standing as a foreign
corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not have or reasonably be expected
to result in: (i) a material adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material
adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business, prospects or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) a material adverse effect on the Company s ability to perform in any material respect
on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a Material Adverse Effect and no Proceeding has been instituted in any such jurisdiction revoking, limiting or curtailing or seeking to revoke, limit or curtail
such power and authority or qualification. 

(c) Authorization;
Enforcement . The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The
execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the
transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further
action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Company s stockholders in connection herewith or therewith other
than in connection with the Required Approvals. This Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party has been (or
upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof, will
constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except: (i)
as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general
application affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific
performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited
by applicable law. 

(d) No
Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which
it is a party, the issuance and sale of the Securities and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby
do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company s or any Subsidiary s certificate or articles
of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that
with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or
without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary
debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the
Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) subject to the Required Approvals, conflict with or result in a violation of
any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the
Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of
the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected. 

5 

(e) Filings,
Consents and Approvals . The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to,
or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in
connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than: (i) the filings required
pursuant to Section 4.6 of this Agreement, (ii) the approval of the stockholders of the Corporation Stockholder Approval to amend the Company s certificate of incorporation to increase the authorized shares of Common Stock to 150,000,000 Amendment at a Special Meeting of Stockholders to be held no later than May 15, 2023 Special Meeting )and (ii) the filing of Form
D with the Commission and such filings as are required to be made under applicable state securities laws (collectively, the Required
Approvals ). 

(f) Issuance
of the Securities . The Company will seek the Stockholder Approval in order to effect the Amendment. The Preferred Shares and Warrants
are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued,
fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens imposed by the Company other than restrictions on transfer provided for in
the Transaction Documents. The Company will reserve from its duly authorized capital stock a number of shares of Common Stock for issuance
of the Warrant Shares and Conversion Shares promptly upon receipt of Stockholder Approval. 

(g) Capitalization .
The issued, authorized and outstanding capitalization of the Company, including all rights to acquire shares of Common Stock and the
prices upon which such shares may be acquired prior to any Closing(s) hereunder is set forth in the Company s SEC Reports. No Person
has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated
by the Transaction Documents. Except as a result of the purchase and sale of the Securities, there are no outstanding options, warrants,
scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible
into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire any shares of Common Stock or the
capital stock of any Subsidiary, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is
or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents or capital stock of any Subsidiary. The issuance
and sale of the Securities will not obligate the Company or any Subsidiary to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any
Person (other than the Purchasers) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion,
exchange or reset price under any of such securities. There are no outstanding securities or instruments of the Company or any Subsidiary
that contain any redemption or similar provisions, and there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the
Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to redeem a security of the Company or such Subsidiary. The Company does not have any
stock appreciation rights or phantom stock plans or any similar plan or agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital
stock of the Company are duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, have been issued in compliance with all federal
and state securities laws, and none of such outstanding shares was issued in violation of any preemptive rights or similar rights to
subscribe for or purchase securities. No further approval or authorization of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required
for the issuance and sale of the Securities. There are no stockholders agreements, voting agreements or other similar agreements with
respect to the Company s capital stock to which the Company is a party or, to the knowledge of the Company, between or among any
of the Company s stockholders. Other than the Stockholder Approval required to effect the Amendment, no further approval or authorization
of any stockholder, the Board of Directors or others is required for the issuance and sale of the Securities. 

(h) Litigation .
Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, there is no action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding or investigation pending or,
to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before
or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency or regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign)
(collectively, an Action ). Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has
been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach
of fiduciary duty. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by
the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company. 

(i) Labor
Relations . No labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company.
The Company and its Subsidiaries believe that their relationships with their employees are good. To the knowledge of the Company, no
executive officer of the Company or any Subsidiary, is, or is now expected to be, in violation of any material term of any employment
contract, confidentiality, disclosure or proprietary information agreement or non-competition agreement, or any other contract or agreement
or any restrictive covenant in favor of any third party, and the continued employment of each such executive officer does not subject
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any liability with respect to any of the foregoing matters. The Company and its Subsidiaries
are in compliance with all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to employment and employment practices,
terms and conditions of employment and wages and hours. 

6 

(j) Compliance .
Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary: (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or
any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement
or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default
or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any judgment, decree or order of any court, arbitrator or other governmental authority
or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule, ordinance or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation
all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality
and safety and employment and labor matters. 

(k) Environmental
Laws . The Company and its Subsidiaries (i) are in compliance with all federal, state, local and foreign laws relating to pollution
or protection of human health or the environment (including ambient air, surface water, groundwater, land surface or subsurface strata),
including laws relating to emissions, discharges, releases or threatened releases of chemicals, pollutants, contaminants, or toxic or
hazardous substances or wastes (collectively, Hazardous Materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to
the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of Hazardous Materials, as well as
all authorizations, codes, decrees, demands, or demand letters, injunctions, judgments, licenses, notices or notice letters, orders,
permits, plans or regulations, issued, entered, promulgated or approved thereunder Environmental Laws ); (ii) have
received all permits licenses or other approvals required of them under applicable Environmental Laws to conduct their respective businesses;
and (iii) are in compliance with all terms and conditions of any such permit, license or approval where in each clause (i), (ii) and
(iii), the failure to so comply could be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. 

(l) Regulatory
Permits . The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate federal,
state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports Material
Permits ), and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or
modification of any Material Permit. 

(m) Title
to Assets . The Company and the Subsidiaries have good and marketable title in fee simple to all real property owned by them and good
and marketable title in all personal property owned by them that is material to the business of the Company and the Subsidiaries, in
each case free and clear of all Liens, except for (i) Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially
interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries and (ii) Liens for the payment
of federal, state or other taxes, for which appropriate reserves have been made therefor in accordance with GAAP and, the payment of
which is neither delinquent nor subject to penalties (except as set forth in the SEC Reports). Any real property and facilities held
under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases with which the Company
and the Subsidiaries are in compliance. 

(n) Intellectual
Property . The Company and the Subsidiaries have, or have rights to use, all patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications,
service marks, trade names, trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, licenses and other intellectual property rights and similar rights
as described in the SEC Reports as necessary or required for use in connection with their respective businesses (collectively, the Intellectual
Property Rights ). None of, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received a notice (written or otherwise) that any
of, the Intellectual Property Rights has expired, terminated or been abandoned, or is expected to expire or terminate or be abandoned,
within two (2) years from the date of this Agreement. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received, since the date of the latest
audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, a written notice of a claim or otherwise has any knowledge that the Intellectual
Property Rights violate or infringe upon the rights of any Person. To the knowledge of the Company, all such Intellectual Property Rights
are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. The Company and its
Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all of their intellectual properties. 

7 

(o) Insurance .
The Company and the Subsidiaries are insured by insurers of recognized financial responsibility against such losses and risks and in
such amounts as are prudent and customary in the businesses in which the Company and the Subsidiaries are engaged, including, but not
limited to, directors and officers insurance coverage. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has any reason to believe that it will
not be able to renew its existing insurance coverage as and when such coverage expires or to obtain similar coverage from similar insurers
as may be necessary to continue its business without a significant increase in cost. 

(p) Private
Placement . Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, no registration
under the Securities Act is required for the offer and sale of the Securities by the Company to the Purchasers as contemplated hereby.
The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market. 

(q) Investment
Company . The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately after receipt of payment for the Securities, will not be
or be an Affiliate of, an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The
Company shall conduct its business in a manner so that it will not become an investment company subject to registration
under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

(r) Application
of Takeover Protections . The Company and the Board of Directors have taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable
any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar
anti-takeover provision under the Company s certificate of incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state
of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Purchasers as a result of the Purchasers and the Company fulfilling their
obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation as a result of the Company s
issuance of the Securities and the Purchasers ownership of the Securities. 

(s) Disclosure .
Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the Company confirms
that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided any of the Purchasers or their agents or counsel with any information
that it believes constitutes or might constitute material, non-public information. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchasers
will rely on the foregoing representation in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All of the disclosure furnished by
or on behalf of the Company to the Purchasers regarding the Company and its Subsidiaries, their respective businesses and the transactions
contemplated hereby, is true and correct and does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The
press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. The Company acknowledges
and agrees that no Purchaser makes or has made any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby
other than those specifically set forth in Section 3.2 hereof. 

(t) No
Integrated Offering . Assuming the accuracy of the Purchasers representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.2, neither
the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or
sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities
to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of (i) the Securities Act which would require the registration of any
such securities under the Securities Act, or (ii) any applicable shareholder approval provisions of any Trading Market on which any of
the securities of the Company are listed or designated. 

8 

(u) Tax
Status . Except as set forth in the Company s SEC Reports, the Company and its Subsidiaries each (i) has made or filed all United
States federal, state and local income and all foreign income and franchise tax returns, reports and declarations required by any jurisdiction
to which it is subject, (ii) has paid all taxes and other governmental assessments and charges that are material in amount, shown or
determined to be due on such returns, reports and declarations and (iii) has set aside on its books provision reasonably adequate for
the payment of all material taxes for periods subsequent to the periods to which such returns, reports or declarations apply. There are
no unpaid taxes in any material amount claimed to be due by the taxing authority of any jurisdiction, and the officers of the Company
or of any Subsidiary know of no basis for any such claim. 

(v) No
General Solicitation . Neither the Company nor any Person acting on behalf of the Company has offered or sold any of the Securities
by any form of general solicitation or general advertising. The Company has offered the Securities for sale only to the Purchasers and
certain other accredited investors within the meaning of Rule 501 under the Securities Act. 

(w) Foreign
Corrupt Practices . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, any agent or other
person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary, has: (i) directly or indirectly, used any funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to
foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds,
(iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any person acting on its behalf of
which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law or (iv) violated in any material respect any provision of FCPA. 

(x) Accountants .
The Company s accounting firm is Cherry Bekaert LLP. To the knowledge and belief of the Company, such accounting firm: (i) is a
registered public accounting firm as required by the Exchange Act and (ii) shall express its opinion with respect to the financial statements
to be included in the Company s Annual Report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. 

(y) No
Disagreements with Accountants and Lawyers . There are no disagreements of any kind presently existing, or reasonably anticipated
by the Company to arise, between the Company and the accountants and lawyers formerly or presently employed by the Company and the Company
is current with respect to any fees owed to its accountants and lawyers which could affect the Company s ability to perform any
of its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents. 

(z) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchasers Purchase of Securities . The Company acknowledges and agrees that each of the Purchasers is acting solely
in the capacity of an arm s length purchaser with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby.
The Company further acknowledges that no Purchaser is acting as a financial advisor or fiduciary of the Company (or in any similar capacity)
with respect to the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby and any advice given by any Purchaser or any of their
respective representatives or agents in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby is merely
incidental to the Purchasers purchase of the Securities. The Company further represents to each Purchaser that the Company s
decision to enter into this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents has been based solely on the independent evaluation of the
transactions contemplated hereby by the Company and its representatives. 

9 

(aa) Acknowledgment
Regarding Purchaser s Trading Activity . Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding, it
is understood and acknowledged by the Company that: (i) none of the Purchasers has been asked by the Company to agree, nor has any
Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company, or derivative 
securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term, (ii) past or future open
market or other transactions by any Purchaser, specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or derivative 
transactions, before or after the Closing of this or future private placement transactions, may negatively impact the market price
of the Company s publicly-traded securities, (iii) any Purchaser, and counterparties in derivative transactions
to which any such Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, may presently have a short position in the Common
Stock and (iv) each Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arm s length counter-party
in any derivative transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (y) one or more Purchasers may
engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, including, without limitation,
during the periods that the value of the Warrant Shares and Conversion Shares deliverable with respect to Securities are being
determined, and (z) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders equity interests in
the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned
hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents. 

(bb) Regulation
M Compliance . The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action
designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale
or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities,
or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any Person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company. 

(cc) Office
of Foreign Assets Control . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the Company s knowledge, any director, officer, agent,
employee or affiliate of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign
Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department OFAC ). 

(cc) U.S.
Real Property Holding Corporation . The Company is not and has never been a U.S. real property holding corporation within the meaning
of Section 897 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the Company shall so certify upon Purchaser s request. 

(dd) Bank
Holding Company Act . Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is subject to the Bank Holding Company Act of
1956, as amended (the BHCA and to regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the Federal
Reserve ). Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates owns or controls, directly or indirectly, five percent
(5 or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities or twenty-five percent or more of the total equity of a bank
or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and to regulation by the Federal Reserve. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries or
Affiliates exercises a controlling influence over the management or policies of a bank or any entity that is subject to the BHCA and
to regulation by the Federal Reserve. 

(ee) Money
Laundering . The operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with applicable
financial record-keeping and reporting requirements of the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970, as amended, applicable
money laundering statutes and applicable rules and regulations thereunder (collectively, the Money Laundering Laws ),
and no Action or Proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company
or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company or any Subsidiary, threatened. 

(ff) No
Disqualification Events . With respect to the Securities to be offered and sold hereunder in reliance on Rule 506 under the Securities
Act, none of the Company, any of its predecessors, any affiliated issuer, any director, executive officer, other officer of the Company
participating in the offering hereunder, any beneficial owner of 20 or more of the Company s outstanding voting equity securities,
calculated on the basis of voting power, nor any promoter (as that term is defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) connected with
the Company in any capacity at the time of sale (each, an Issuer Covered Person and, together, Issuer
Covered Persons is subject to any of the Bad Actor disqualifications described in Rule 506(d)(1)(i) to (viii)
under the Securities Act (a Disqualification Event ), except for a Disqualification Event covered by Rule 506(d)(2)
or (d)(3). The Company has exercised reasonable care to determine whether any Issuer Covered Person is subject to a Disqualification
Event. The Company has complied, to the extent applicable, with its disclosure obligations under Rule 506(e), and has furnished to the
Purchasers a copy of any disclosures provided thereunder. 

10 

(gg) Other
Covered Persons . The Company is not aware of any person (other than any Issuer Covered Person) that has been or will be paid (directly
or indirectly) remuneration for solicitation of purchasers in connection with the sale of any Securities. 

(hh) Notice
of Disqualification Events . The Company will notify the Purchasers in writing, prior to the Closing Date of (i) any Disqualification
Event relating to any Issuer Covered Person and (ii) any event that would, with the passage of time, become a Disqualification Event
relating to any Issuer Covered Person. 

(ii) Use
of Proceeds . Up to 4 million will be used for the acquisition of Boudreaux s Cajun Kitchen; up to 1.5 million will be used
to pay down accounts payable, short-term debt maturities; up to 2.5 million will, after deduction of offering fees and expenses of approximately
 50,000, be used for general working capital and general corporate purposes. Proceeds may not be used to repay or pre-pay the principal
in the amount of four million dollars 4 million) due to Oz Rey, LLC under its convertible Debenture; provided however quarterly interest
payments due under the Oz Rey Debenture will continue to be paid by the Company. 

(jj) SEC
Reports; Financial Statements . With the exception of the Company s quarterly report on Form 10Q for the period ending September
30, 2022 which was not timely filed, the Company has timely filed all reports, statements and documents required under the Securities
Act and Exchange Act (the foregoing materials, including the exhibits thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, being
collectively referred to herein as the SEC Reports ). As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all
material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement
of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein,
in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company has never been an issuer subject to Rule 144(i)
under the Securities Act. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable
accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such
financial statements have been prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent
basis during the periods involved GAAP ), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the
notes thereto and except that unaudited financial statements may not contain all footnotes required by GAAP, and fairly present in all
material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results
of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end
audit adjustments. 

(kk) Material
Changes; Undisclosed Events, Liabilities or Developments . Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within
the SEC Reports: (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in
a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables
and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be
reflected in the Company s financial statements pursuant to GAAP or disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company
has not altered its method of accounting, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property
to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock except for quarterly
dividend payment in common stock to its Series 1 Preferred Unit holders and (v) other than included within the SEC Reports, \Company
has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any
request for confidential treatment of information. Except for the issuance of the Securities contemplated by this Agreement, no event,
liability, fact, circumstance, occurrence or development has occurred or exists or is reasonably expected to occur or exist with respect
to the Company or its Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, properties, operations, assets or financial condition, that would
be required to be disclosed by the Company under applicable securities laws at the time this representation is made or deemed made that
has not been publicly disclosed at least 1 Trading Day prior to the date that this representation is made. 

11 

3.2
 Representations and Warranties of the Purchasers . Each Purchaser, for itself and for no other Purchaser, hereby represents and
warrants as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date to the Company as follows (unless as of a specific date therein, in which case
they shall be accurate as of such date): 

(a) Organization;
Authority . Such Purchaser is either an individual or an entity duly incorporated or formed, validly existing and in good standing
under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation with full right, corporate, partnership, limited liability company
or similar power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and otherwise
to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and performance by such
Purchaser of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership,
limited liability company or similar action, as applicable, on the part of such Purchaser. Each Transaction Document to which it is a
party has been duly executed by such Purchaser, and when delivered by such Purchaser in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute
the valid and legally binding obligation of such Purchaser, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except: (i) as limited
by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application
affecting enforcement of creditors rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance,
injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable
law. 

(b) Own
Account . Such Purchaser understands that the Securities are restricted securities and have not been registered under
the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law and is acquiring the Securities as principal for its own account and not with
a view to or for distributing or reselling such Securities or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state
securities law, has no present intention of distributing any of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable
state securities law and has no direct or indirect arrangement or understandings with any other persons to distribute or regarding the
distribution of such Securities in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities law (this representation and warranty
not limiting such Purchaser s right to sell the Securities pursuant to a registration statement or otherwise in compliance with
applicable federal and state securities laws). Such Purchaser is acquiring the Securities hereunder in the ordinary course of its business. 

(c) Purchaser
Status . At the time such Purchaser was offered the Securities, it was, and as of the date hereof it is, and on each date on which
it exercises any Warrants it will be an accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (a)(2), (a)(3), (a)(7) or (a)(8)
under the Securities Act. 

(d) Experience
of Such Purchaser . Such Purchaser, either alone or together with its representatives, has such knowledge, sophistication and experience
in business and financial matters so as to be capable of evaluating the merits and risks of the prospective investment in the Securities,
and has so evaluated the merits and risks of such investment. Such Purchaser is able to bear the economic risk of an investment in the
Securities and, at the present time, is able to afford a complete loss of such investment. 

(e) General
Solicitation . Such Purchaser is not, to such Purchaser s knowledge, purchasing the Securities as a result of any advertisement,
article, notice or other communication regarding the Securities published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over
television or radio or presented at any seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement. 

(f) Access
to Information . Such Purchaser acknowledges that it has had the opportunity to review the Transaction Documents (including all exhibits
and schedules thereto) and the SEC Reports and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary
of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Securities
and the merits and risks of investing in the Securities; (ii) access to information about the Company and its financial condition, results
of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity
to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary
to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. 

12 

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the representations contained in this Section 3.2 shall not modify, amend or affect such Purchaser s
right to rely on the Company s representations and warranties contained in this Agreement or any representations and warranties
contained in any other Transaction Document, or any other document or instrument executed and/or delivered in connection with this Agreement
or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

ARTICLE
IV. 

 OTHER
AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES 

4.1
 Transfer Restrictions . 

(a) The
Securities may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of Securities
other than pursuant to an effective registration statement or Rule 144, to the Company or to an Affiliate of a Purchaser or in connection
with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion
of counsel selected by the transferor and reasonably acceptable to the Company, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably
satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Securities under the
Securities Act. As a condition of transfer, any such transferee shall agree in writing to be bound by the terms of this Agreement and
shall have the rights and obligations of a Purchaser under this Agreement. 

(b) The
Purchasers agree to the imprinting, so long as is required by this Section 4.1, of a legend on any of the Securities in the following
form: 

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES INTO WHICH THIS SECURITY IS CONVERTIBLE OR EXERCISABLE HAS BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933,
AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION
STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION
OR EXERCISE OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT WITH A REGISTERED BROKER-DEALER OR OTHER LOAN
WITH A FINANCIAL INSTITUTION THAT IS AN ACCREDITED INVESTOR AS DEFINED IN RULE 501(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR OTHER
LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

The
Company acknowledges and agrees that a Purchaser may from time to time pledge pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement with a registered
broker-dealer or grant a security interest in some or all of the Securities to a financial institution that is an accredited investor 
as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act and, if required under the terms of such arrangement, such Purchaser may transfer
pledged or secured Securities to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval of the Company
and no legal opinion of legal counsel of the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection therewith. Further, no
notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Purchaser s expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable
documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Securities may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer of the Securities. 

13 

(c) Certificates
evidencing the Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b) hereof): (i) while a registration
statement covering the resale of such security is effective under the Securities Act, (ii) following any sale of such Shares pursuant
to Rule 144, (iii) if such Shares are eligible for sale under Rule 144 or (iv) if such legend is not required under applicable requirements
of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission). The Company shall
cause its counsel to issue a legal opinion to the Transfer Agent if required by the Transfer Agent to effect the removal of the legend
hereunder. If all or any portion of a Warrant is exercised or Preferred Stock is converted at a time when there is an effective registration
statement to cover the resale of the Shares, or if such Shares may be sold under Rule 144 without the requirement for the Company to
be in compliance with the current public information required under Rule 144 as to such Shares and without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions
or if such legend is not otherwise required under applicable requirements of the Securities Act (including judicial interpretations and
pronouncements issued by the staff of the Commission) then such Shares shall be issued free of all legends. The Company agrees that following
the Effective Date or at such time as such legend is no longer required under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no later than the earlier
of (i) three (3) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined below) following
the delivery by a Purchaser to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive
legend (such third Trading Day, the Legend Removal Date ), deliver or cause to be delivered to such Purchaser a certificate
representing such shares that is free from all restrictive and other legends. The Company may not make any notation on its records or
give instructions to the Transfer Agent that enlarge the restrictions on transfer set forth in this Section 4.1. Certificates for Shares
subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the Purchaser by crediting the account of the Purchaser s
prime broker with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Purchaser. As used herein, Standard Settlement Period 
means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading Days, on the Company s primary Trading Market with respect
to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of a certificate representing Shares, as applicable, issued with a restrictive
legend. 

(e)
Each Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, agrees with the Company that such Purchaser will sell any Securities
pursuant to either the registration requirements of the Securities Act, including any applicable prospectus delivery requirements, or
an exemption therefrom, and that if Securities are sold pursuant to a Registration Statement, they will be sold in compliance with the
plan of distribution set forth therein, and acknowledges that the removal of the restrictive legend from certificates representing Securities
as set forth in this Section 4.1 is predicated upon the Company s reliance upon this understanding. 

4.2 Absolute
Obligation . The Company acknowledges that its obligations under the Transaction Documents, including, without limitation, its obligation
to issue the Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents, are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any right of set off, counterclaim,
delay or reduction, regardless of the effect of any such dilution or any claim the Company may have against any Purchaser and regardless
of the dilutive effect that such issuance may have on the ownership of the other stockholders of the Company. 

4.3 Furnishing
of Information; Public Information . Until the Warrants have expired and the Securities have been paid in full, the Company covenants
to promptly seek and, thereafter, maintain the registration of the Common Stock under Section 12(b) or 12(g) of the Exchange Act and
to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed
by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act even if the Company is not then subject to the reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act. 

4.4 Integration .
The Company shall not sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in
Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities in a manner that would require the
registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Securities or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Securities
for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market such that it would require shareholder approval prior to the closing
of such other transaction unless shareholder approval is obtained before the closing of such subsequent transaction. 

14 

4.5 Exercise
Procedures . 

(a) The
form of Notice of Exercise included in the Warrants set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers in order to exercise
the Warrants. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion
guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Exercise form be required in order to exercise the Warrants.
No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers to exercise their Warrants. The Company
shall honor exercises of the Warrants and shall deliver Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions and time periods set forth in
the Transaction Documents. 

(b) The
form of Notice of Conversion included in the Preferred Stock set forth the totality of the procedures required of the Purchasers in order
to convert the Preferred Stock. Without limiting the preceding sentences, no ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor
shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required in order to convert
the Preferred Stock. No additional legal opinion, other information or instructions shall be required of the Purchasers to convert their
Preferred Stock. The Company shall honor conversions of the Preferred Stock and shall deliver Shares in accordance with the terms, conditions
and time periods set forth in the Transaction Documents, subject to the Company obtaining the Stockholder Approval and effecting the
Amendment. 

4.6 Securities
Laws Disclosure; Publicity . The Company shall (a) by 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day immediately following the
date hereof, issue a press release disclosing the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby, and (b) file a Current Report
on Form 8-K, including the Transaction Documents as exhibits thereto, with the Commission within the time required by the Exchange Act.
From and after the issuance of such press release, the Company represents to the Purchasers that it shall have publicly disclosed all
material, non-public information delivered to any of the Purchasers by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective
officers, directors, employees or agents in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In addition,
effective upon the issuance of such press release, the Company acknowledges and agrees that any and all confidentiality or similar obligations
under any agreement, whether written or oral, between the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors,
agents, employees or Affiliates on the one hand, and any of the Purchasers or any of their Affiliates on the other hand, shall terminate.
The Company and each Purchaser shall consult with each other in issuing any other press releases with respect to the transactions contemplated
hereby, and neither the Company nor any Purchaser shall issue any such press release nor otherwise make any such public statement without
the prior consent of the Company, with respect to any press release of any Purchaser, or without the prior consent of each Purchaser,
with respect to any press release of the Company, which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld or delayed, except if such disclosure
is required by law, in which case the disclosing party shall promptly provide the other party with prior notice of such public statement
or communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall not publicly disclose the name of any Purchaser, or include the name
of any Purchaser in any filing with the Commission or any regulatory agency or Trading Market, without the prior written consent of such
Purchaser, except: (a) as required by federal securities law in connection with (i) any registration statement and (ii) the filing of
final Transaction Documents with the Commission and (b) to the extent such disclosure is required by law or Trading Market regulations,
in which case the Company shall provide the Purchasers with prior notice of such disclosure permitted under this clause (b). 

4.7 Shareholder
Rights Plan . No claim will be made or enforced by the Company or, with the consent of the Company, any other Person, that any Purchaser
is an Acquiring Person under any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution
under a rights agreement) or similar anti-takeover plan or arrangement in effect or hereafter adopted by the Company, or that any Purchaser
could be deemed to trigger the provisions of any such plan or arrangement, by virtue of receiving Securities under the Transaction Documents
or under any other agreement between the Company and the Purchasers. 

15 

4.8 Non-Public
Information . Except with respect to the material terms and conditions of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents,
which shall be disclosed pursuant to Section 4.6, the Company covenants and agrees that neither it, nor any other Person acting on its
behalf will provide any Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes, or the Company reasonably believes
constitutes, material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Purchaser shall have consented to the receipt of such information
and agreed with the Company to keep such information confidential. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be
relying on the foregoing covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. To the extent that the Company delivers any
material, non-public information to a Purchaser without such Purchaser s consent, the Company hereby covenants and agrees that
such purchaser shall not have any duty of confidentiality to Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective officers, directors,
agents, employees or Affiliates, or a duty to the Company, and of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective officers, directors, agents,
employees or Affiliates not to trade on the basis of, such material, non-public information, provided that the Purchaser shall remain
subject to applicable law. To the extent that any notice provided pursuant to any Transaction Document constitutes, or contains, material,
non-public information regarding the Company or any Subsidiaries, the Company shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission
pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Company understands and confirms that each Purchaser shall be relying on the foregoing
covenant in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. 

4.9 Indemnification
of Purchasers . Subject to the provisions of this Section 4.9, the Company shall indemnify and hold each Purchaser and its directors,
officers, shareholders, members, partners, employees and agents (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person
holding such titles notwithstanding a lack of such title or any other title), each Person who controls such Purchaser (within the meaning
of Section 15 of the Securities Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act), and the directors, officers, shareholders, agents, members,
partners or employees (and any other Persons with a functionally equivalent role of a Person holding such titles notwithstanding a lack
of such title or any other title) of such controlling persons (each, a Purchaser Party harmless from any and all
losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements,
court costs and reasonable attorneys fees and costs of investigation that any such Purchaser Party may suffer or incur as a result
of or relating to (a) any breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by the Company in this Agreement
or in the other Transaction Documents or (b) any action instituted against the Purchaser Parties in any capacity, or any of them or their
respective Affiliates, by any stockholder of the Company who is not an Affiliate of such Purchaser Party, with respect to any of the
transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents (unless such action is based upon a breach of such Purchaser Party s representations,
warranties or covenants under the Transaction Documents or any agreements or understandings such Purchaser Party may have with any such
stockholder or any violations by such Purchaser Party of state or federal securities laws or any conduct by such Purchaser Party which
constitutes fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or malfeasance). If any action shall be brought against any Purchaser Party in
respect of which indemnity may be sought pursuant to this Agreement, such Purchaser Party shall promptly notify the Company in writing,
and the Company shall have the right to assume the defense thereof with counsel of its own choosing reasonably acceptable to the Purchaser
Party. Any Purchaser Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel in any such action and participate in the defense thereof,
but the fees and expenses of such counsel shall be at the expense of such Purchaser Party except to the extent that (i) the employment
thereof has been specifically authorized by the Company in writing, (ii) the Company has failed after a reasonable period of time to
assume such defense and to employ counsel or (iii) in such action there is, in the reasonable opinion of counsel, a material conflict
on any material issue between the position of the Company and the position of such Purchaser Party, in which case the Company shall be
responsible for the reasonable fees and expenses of no more than one such separate counsel. The Company will not be liable to any Purchaser
Party under this Agreement (y) for any settlement by a Purchaser Party effected without the Company s prior written consent, which
shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; or (z) to the extent, but only to the extent that a loss, claim, damage or liability is
attributable to any Purchaser Party s breach of any of the representations, warranties, covenants or agreements made by such Purchaser
Party in this Agreement or in the other Transaction Documents. The indemnification required by this Section 4.9 shall be made by periodic
payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or are incurred. The
indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to any cause of action or similar right of any Purchaser Party against the
Company or others and any liabilities the Company may be subject to pursuant to law. 

4.10 Form
D; Blue Sky Filings . The Company agrees to timely file a Form D with respect to the Securities as required under Regulation D and
to provide a copy thereof, promptly upon request of any Purchaser. The Company shall take such action as the Company shall reasonably
determine is necessary in order to obtain an exemption for, or to qualify the Securities for, sale to the Purchasers at the Closing under
applicable securities or Blue Sky laws of the states of the United States and shall provide evidence of such actions promptly
upon request of any Purchaser. 

16 

ARTICLE
V. 

 MISCELLANEOUS 

5.1
 Termination . This Agreement may be terminated by any Purchaser, as to such Purchaser s obligations hereunder only and without
any effect whatsoever on the obligations between the Company and the other Purchasers, by written notice to the other parties, if the
Closing has not been consummated on or before April 15, 2023; provided , however , that such termination will not affect
the right of any party to sue for any breach by any other party (or parties). 

5.2
 Fees and Expenses . Except as expressly set forth in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and
expenses of its advisers, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the
negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees (including,
without limitation, any fees required for same-day processing of any instruction letter delivered by the Company and any conversion or
exercise notice delivered by a Purchaser), stamp taxes and other taxes and duties levied in connection with the delivery of any Securities
to the Purchasers. 

5.3
 Entire Agreement . The Transaction Documents, together with the exhibits and schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding
of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written,
with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. 

5.4
 Notices . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in
writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of: (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is
delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number or email as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto at or prior to 5:30 p.m.
(New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered
via facsimile at the facsimile number or email as set forth on the signature pages attached hereto on a day that is not a Trading Day
or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the fifth (5 th Trading Day following the date of mailing,
if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required
to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be the Company s address as set forth in its SEC Reports, which
may be updated from time to time and as set forth on Schedule 2.1 for all the Purchasers. 

5.5
 Amendments; Waivers . No provision of this Agreement may be waived, modified, supplemented or amended except in a written instrument
signed, in the case of an amendment, by the Company and Purchasers holding at least 51 in interest of the Preferred Stock then outstanding
or, in the case of a waiver, by the party against whom enforcement of any such waived provision is sought, provided that if any amendment,
modification or waiver disproportionately and adversely impacts a Purchaser (or group of Purchasers), the consent of such disproportionately
impacted Purchaser (or group of Purchasers) shall also be required. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition
or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver
of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of any party to exercise any right hereunder
in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. Any proposed amendment or waiver that disproportionately, materially and adversely
affects the rights and obligations of any Purchaser relative to the comparable rights and obligations of the other Purchasers shall require
the prior written consent of such adversely affected Purchaser. Any amendment effected in accordance with accordance with this Section
5.5 shall be binding upon each Purchaser and holder of Securities and the Company. 

5.6
 Headings . The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to
limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. 

5.7
 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and
permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent
of each Purchaser (other than by merger). Any Purchaser may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom
such Purchaser assigns or transfers any Securities, provided that such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the
transferred Securities, by the provisions of the Transaction Documents that apply to the Purchasers. 

17 

5.8
 No Third Party Beneficiaries . This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person, except as otherwise
set forth in this Section 5.8. 

5.9
 Governing Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of the Transaction Documents
shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the
principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all legal Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and
defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto
or its respective affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, partners, members, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively
in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of Charlotte, State of North Carolina. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the
exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the City of Charlotte, State of North Carolina. for the adjudication
of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect
to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Action or Proceeding,
any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such Action or Proceeding is improper or is an
inconvenient venue for such Proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being
served in any such Action or Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence
of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute
good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to
serve process in any other manner permitted by law. If any party hereto shall commence an Action or Proceeding to enforce any provisions
of the Transaction Documents, then, the prevailing party in such Action or Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the nonprevailing party
for its reasonable attorneys fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of
such Action or Proceeding. 

5.10
 Survival . The representations and warranties contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Securities. 

5.11
 Execution . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to each other party,
it being understood that the parties need not sign the same counterpart. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding
upon the Company upon the execution of a counterpart of this Agreement, notwithstanding that the other Purchasers may not have yet executed
this Agreement. With respect to each Purchaser, this Agreement shall become binding, following the execution hereof by the Company upon
such Purchaser when such Purchaser delivers an executed copy hereof to the Company. No Warrant shall be issued to any Purchaser prior
to such Purchaser s execution of this Agreement. This Agreement may be executed and delivered in original, via DocuSign, Right
Signature or any other comparable signature software, via facsimile or email with PDF attachment, or other commercially acceptable electronic
form, in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, and all of which shall together constitute but one and
the same instrument, which instrument shall for all purposes be sufficiently evidenced by any such counterpart. 

5.12
 Severability . If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to
be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall
remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially
reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated
by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would
have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared
invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. 

5.13
 Rescission and Withdrawal Right . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions
of) any of the other Transaction Documents, whenever any Purchaser exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction
Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Purchaser may
rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election
in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights; provided , however , that in the case of a rescission
of an exercise of a Warrant, the applicable Purchaser shall be required to return any shares of Common Stock subject to any such rescinded
exercise notice concurrently with the return to such Purchaser of the aggregate exercise price paid to the Company for such shares and
the restoration of such Purchaser s right to acquire such shares pursuant to such Purchaser s Warrant (including, issuance
of a replacement warrant certificate evidencing such restored right). 

18 

5.14
 Replacement of Securities . If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Securities is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed,
the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof (in the case of mutilation),
or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to
the Company of such loss, theft or destruction. The applicant for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also
pay any reasonable third-party costs (including customary indemnity) associated with the issuance of such replacement Securities. 

5.15
 Remedies . In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages,
each of the Purchasers and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that
monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations contained in the Transaction
Documents and hereby agree to waive and not to assert in any Action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that
a remedy at law would be adequate. 

5.16
 Independent Nature of Purchasers Obligations and Rights . The obligations of each Purchaser under any Transaction Document
are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Purchaser, and no Purchaser shall be responsible in any way for the performance
or non-performance of the obligations of any other Purchaser under any Transaction Document. Nothing contained herein or in any other
Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Purchaser pursuant hereto or thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Purchasers as
a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Purchasers are in any way
acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each
Purchaser shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including, without limitation, the rights arising out of
this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Purchaser to be joined as an additional
party in any Proceeding for such purpose. Each Purchaser has been represented by its own separate legal counsel in its review and negotiation
of the Transaction Documents. For reasons of administrative convenience only, each Purchaser and its respective counsel have chosen to
communicate with the Company through Shearman. Shearman does not represent any of the Purchasers. The Company has elected to provide
all Purchasers with the same terms and Transaction Documents for the convenience of the Company and not because it was required or requested
to do so by any of the Purchasers. 

5.17
 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc . If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then such action may be taken, or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding Business
Day. 

5.18
 Construction . The parties agree that each of them and/or their respective counsel have reviewed and had an opportunity to revise
the Transaction Documents and, therefore, the normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against
the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of the Transaction Documents or any amendments thereto. In addition, each
and every reference to share prices and shares of Common Stock in any Transaction Document shall be subject to adjustment for reverse
and forward stock splits, stock dividends, stock combinations and other similar transactions of the Common Stock that occur after the
date of this Agreement. 

5.19 WAIVER
OF JURY TRIAL . IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING IN ANY JURISDICTION BROUGHT BY ANY PARTY AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY, THE PARTIES
EACH KNOWINGLY AND INTENTIONALLY, TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, HEREBY ABSOLUTELY, UNCONDITIONALLY,
IRREVOCABLY AND EXPRESSLY WAIVES FOREVER TRIAL BY JURY. 

(Signature
Pages Follow) 

19 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
signatories as of the date first indicated above. 

AMERGENT
 HOSPITALITY GROUP INC. 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

With
 a copy to (which shall not constitute notice): 

[REMAINDER
OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS] 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOR SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 

[PURCHASER
SIGNATURE PAGES TO AMERGENT HOSPITALITY GROUP INC. SECURITIES 

 PURCHASE
AGREEMENT] 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories
as of the date first indicated above. 

Name
of Purchaser: ________________________________________________________ 

Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser : _________________________________ 

Name
of Authorized Signatory: _______________________________________________ 

Title
of Authorized Signatory: ________________________________________________ 

Email
Address of Authorized Signatory:_________________________________________ 

Address
for Notice to Purchaser:_______________________________________________ 

Address
for Delivery of Securities to Purchaser (if not same as address for notice): 

__________________________________________________________________________ 

Subscription
Price (multiples of 20,000.00 only): _________________ 

Number
of Units 20,000.00 per share) _________________ 

 Number
of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (one per Unit) ___________ 

 Number
of Warrant Shares (10,000 per Unit) __________________________ 

SS/
EIN Number: ____________________ 

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, by checking this box (i) the obligations of the above-signed to
purchase the securities set forth in this Agreement to be purchased from the Company by the above-signed, and the obligations of the
Company to sell such securities to the above-signed, shall be unconditional and all conditions to Closing shall be disregarded, (ii)
the Closing shall occur on or before April 15, 2023, subject to the Company s 30 extension, in its sole discretion, following the
date of this Agreement and (iii) any condition to Closing contemplated by this Agreement (but prior to being disregarded by clause (i)
above) that required delivery by the Company or the above-signed of any agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or Subscription
Price (as applicable) shall no longer be a condition and shall instead be an unconditional obligation of the Company or the above-signed
(as applicable) to deliver such agreement, instrument, certificate or the like or Subscription Price (as applicable) to such other party
on the Closing Date. 

[SIGNATURE
PAGES CONTINUE] 

APPENDIX
1 

WIRE
INSTRUCTIONS 

ABA/Routing
 Number: 

Beneficiary
 Bank: 

Address
 of Beneficiary Bank: 

Beneficiary
 Party: 
 
 Amergent
 Hospitality Group Inc. 

Physical
 Address of Beneficiary Party: 
 
 7529
 Red Oak Lane 
 Charlotte,
 NC 28226 

Account
 # 

Special
 Instructions: 
 
 Purchaser
 Name: 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 

EXHIBIT
A 

[SIGNATURE
PAGE FOR SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 

EXHIBIT
B 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOR SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOR SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOR SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 

[SIGNATURE PAGE FOR SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 

</EX-10.37>

<EX-10.38>
 5
 ex10-38.htm

Exhibit
10.38 

NEITHER
THIS SECURITY NOR THE SECURITIES FOR WHICH THIS SECURITY IS EXERCISABLE HAVE BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED
(THE SECURITIES ACT ), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS
OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS. THIS SECURITY AND THE SECURITIES ISSUABLE UPON EXERCISE
OF THIS SECURITY MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT OR OTHER LOAN SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

COMMON
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT 

Amergent
Hospitality GrouP inc. 

Warrant
Shares _______ 

THIS
COMMON STOCK PURCHASE WARRANT (the Warrant certifies that, for value received, ______________ or its assigns (the
 Holder is entitled, upon the terms and subject to the limitations on exercise and the conditions hereinafter set
forth, at any time on or after ),______________, 2023 (the Initial Exercise Date and on or prior to the close of
business on the ten (10) year anniversary of the Issue Date (the Termination Date but not thereafter, to subscribe
for and purchase from AMERGENT HOSPITALITY GROUP INC., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), up to __________________
(______________) shares (as subject to adjustment hereunder, the Warrant Shares of Common Stock. The purchase price
of one share of Common Stock under this Warrant shall be equal to the Exercise Price, as defined in Section 2(b). 

Section
1 . Definitions . Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ), dated _________, 2023, among the Company and the purchasers
signatory thereto. 

Section
2 . Exercise . 

a)
 Exercise of Warrant . Exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant may be made, in whole or in part, at any time
or times on or after the Initial Exercise Date and on or before the Termination Date by delivery to the Company or the Transfer Agent
(or such other office or agency that the Company may designate by notice in writing to the registered Holder at the address of the Holder
appearing on the books of the Company), as applicable, of a duly executed facsimile copy or PDF copy submitted by electronic (or e-mail
attachment) of the Notice of Exercise in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A Notice of Exercise ). Within
the earlier of (i) three (3) Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in
Section 2(c)(i) herein) following the date of exercise as aforesaid, the Holder shall deliver the aggregate Exercise Price for the shares
specified in the applicable Notice of Exercise by wire transfer or cashier s check drawn on a United States bank. No ink-original
Notice of Exercise shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of
Exercise form be required. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender
this Warrant to the Company until the Holder has purchased all of the Warrant Shares available hereunder and the Warrant has been exercised
in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company for cancellation within three (3) Trading Days of the
date the final Notice of Exercise is delivered to the Company. Partial exercises of this Warrant resulting in purchases of a portion
of the total number of Warrant Shares available hereunder shall have the effect of lowering the outstanding number of Warrant Shares
purchasable hereunder in an amount equal to the applicable number of Warrant Shares purchased. The Holder and the Company shall maintain
records showing the number of Warrant Shares purchased and the date of such purchases. The Company shall deliver any objection to any
Notice of Exercise within two (2) Business Days of receipt of such notice. The Holder and any assignee, by acceptance of this Warrant,
acknowledge and agree that, by reason of the provisions of this paragraph, following the purchase of a portion of the Warrant Shares
hereunder, the number of Warrant Shares available for purchase hereunder at any given time may be less than the amount stated on the
face hereof. 

b)
 Exercise Price . The exercise price per share of the Common Stock under this Warrant shall be one dollar 1.00), subject to adjustment
hereunder (the Exercise Price ). 

c)
 Mechanics of Exercise . 

i.
 Delivery of Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . Warrant Shares purchased hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer Agent to the
Holder by crediting the account of the Holder s or its designee s balance account with The Depository Trust Company through
its Deposit or Withdrawal at Custodian system DWAC if the Company is then a participant in such system and either
(A) there is an effective registration statement permitting the issuance of the Warrant Shares to or resale of the Warrant Shares by
the Holder or (B) the Warrant Shares are eligible for resale by the Holder without volume or manner-of-sale limitations pursuant to Rule
144, and otherwise by physical delivery of a certificate, registered in the Company s share register in the name of the Holder
or its designee, for the number of Warrant Shares to which the Holder is entitled pursuant to such exercise to the address specified
by the Holder in the Notice of Exercise by the date that is the earlier of (i) the earlier of (A) three (3) Trading Days after the delivery
to the Company of the Notice of Exercise and (B) one (1) Trading Day after delivery of the aggregate Exercise Price to the Company and
(ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period after the delivery to the Company of the Notice of Exercise
(such date, the Warrant Share Delivery Date ). Upon delivery of the Notice of Exercise, the Holder shall be deemed
for all corporate purposes to have become the holder of record of the Warrant Shares with respect to which this Warrant has been exercised,
irrespective of the date of delivery of the Warrant Shares, provided that payment of the aggregate Exercise Price is received within
the earlier of (i) three Trading Days and (ii) the number of Trading Days comprising the Standard Settlement Period following delivery
of the Notice of Exercise. If the Company fails for any reason to deliver to the Holder the Warrant Shares subject to a Notice of Exercise
by the Warrant Share Delivery Date, the Company shall pay to the Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each
 1,000 of Warrant Shares subject to such exercise (based on the VWAP of the Common Stock on the date of the applicable Notice of Exercise),
 10 per Trading Day (increasing to 20 per Trading Day on the fifth Trading Day after such liquidated damages begin to accrue) for each
Trading Day after such Warrant Share Delivery Date until such Warrant Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such exercise. The Company
agrees to maintain a transfer agent that is a participant in the FAST program so long as this Warrant remains outstanding and exercisable.
As used herein, Standard Settlement Period means the standard settlement period, expressed in a number of Trading
Days, on the Company s primary Trading Market with respect to the Common Stock as in effect on the date of delivery of the Notice
of Exercise. 

VWAP 
means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed
or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date)
on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30
a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if OTCQB or OTCQX is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average
price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on OTCQB or OTCQX as applicable, (c) if the Common Stock is not
then listed or quoted for trading on OTCQB or OTCQX and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the Pink Sheets 
published by OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent
bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined
by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the holders of a majority in interest of the Warrants then outstanding and reasonably
acceptable to the Company, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company. 

2 

ii.
 Delivery of New Warrants Upon Exercise . If this Warrant shall have been exercised in part, the Company shall, at the request of
a Holder and upon surrender of this Warrant certificate, at the time of delivery of the Warrant Shares, deliver to the Holder a new Warrant
evidencing the rights of the Holder to purchase the unpurchased Warrant Shares called for by this Warrant, which new Warrant shall in
all other respects be identical with this Warrant. 

iii.
 Rescission Rights . If the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares pursuant to Section
2(c)(i) by the Warrant Share Delivery Date (subject to receipt of the aggregate exercise price for the applicable exercise (other than
in the case of a Cashless Exercise)), then the Holder will have the right to rescind such exercise. 

iv.
 Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Warrant Shares Upon Exercise . In addition to any other rights available to
the Holder, if the Company fails to cause the Transfer Agent to transmit to the Holder the Warrant Shares in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2(c)(i) above pursuant to an exercise on or before the Warrant Share Delivery Date (subject to receipt of the aggregate Exercise
Price for the applicable exercise (other than in the case of a Cashless Exercise)), and if after such date the Holder is required by
its broker to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise) or the Holder s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares
of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by the Holder of the Warrant Shares which the Holder anticipated receiving upon
such exercise (a Buy-In ), then the Company shall (A) pay in cash to the Holder the amount, if any, by which (x)
the Holder s total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of Common Stock so purchased exceeds
(y) the amount obtained by multiplying (1) the number of Warrant Shares that the Company was required to deliver to the Holder in connection
with the exercise at issue times (2) the price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed, and (B)
at the option of the Holder, either reinstate the portion of the Warrant and equivalent number of Warrant Shares for which such exercise
was not honored (in which case such exercise shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
that would have been issued had the Company timely complied with its exercise and delivery obligations hereunder. For example, if the
Holder purchases Common Stock having a total purchase price of 11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted exercise of shares
of Common Stock with an aggregate sale price giving rise to such purchase obligation of 10,000, under clause (A) of the immediately
preceding sentence the Company shall be required to pay the Holder 1,000. The Holder shall provide the Company written notice indicating
the amounts payable to the Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Company, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing
herein shall limit a Holder s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without
limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Company s failure to timely deliver shares
of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrant as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 

v.
 No Fractional Shares or Scrip . No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the exercise
of this Warrant. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company
shall, at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied
by the Exercise Price or round up to the next whole share. 

3 

vi.
 Charges, Taxes and Expenses . Issuance of Warrant Shares shall be made without charge to the Holder for any issue or transfer tax
or other incidental expense in respect of the issuance of such Warrant Shares, all of which taxes and expenses shall be paid by the Company,
and such Warrant Shares shall be issued in the name of the Holder or in such name or names as may be directed by the Holder; provided ,
 however , that in the event that Warrant Shares are to be issued in a name other than the name of the Holder, this Warrant when
surrendered for exercise shall be accompanied by the Assignment Form, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A, duly executed
by the Holder and the Company may require, as a condition thereto, the payment of a sum sufficient to reimburse it for any transfer tax
incidental thereto. The Company shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Exercise and all
fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day
electronic delivery of the Warrant Shares. 

vii.
 Closing of Books . The Company will not close its stockholder books or records in any manner which prevents the timely exercise
of this Warrant, pursuant to the terms hereof. 

(d)
 Holder s Exercise Limitations . The Company shall not effect any exercise of this Warrant, and a Holder shall not have the
right to exercise any portion of this Warrant, pursuant to Section 2 or otherwise, to the extent that after giving effect to such issuance
after exercise as set forth on the applicable Notice of Exercise, the Holder (together with the Holder s Affiliates, and any other
Persons acting as a group together with the Holder or any of the Holder s Affiliates (such Persons, Attribution Parties )),
would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the
number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by the Holder and its Affiliates and Attribution Parties shall include the number
of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of this Warrant with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude
the number of shares of Common Stock which would be issuable upon (i) exercise of the remaining, nonexercised portion of this Warrant
beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its Affiliates or Attribution Parties and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or
nonconverted portion of any other securities of the Company (including, without limitation, any other Common Stock Equivalents) subject
to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein beneficially owned by the Holder or any of its
Affiliates or Attribution Parties. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 2(e), beneficial ownership
shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, it being
acknowledged by the Holder that the Company is not representing to the Holder that such calculation is in compliance with Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act and the Holder is solely responsible for any schedules required to be filed in accordance therewith. To the extent
that the limitation contained in this Section 2(e) applies, the determination of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to
other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable
shall be in the sole discretion of the Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Exercise shall be deemed to be the Holder s determination
of whether this Warrant is exercisable (in relation to other securities owned by the Holder together with any Affiliates and Attribution
Parties) and of which portion of this Warrant is exercisable, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, and the Company
shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status
as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. For purposes of this Section 2(e), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as reflected in (A) the Company s most recent periodic or annual report filed
with the Commission, as the case may be, (B) a more recent public announcement by the Company or (C) a more recent written notice by
the Company or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of
a Holder, the Company shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to the Holder the number of shares of Common Stock
then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion
or exercise of securities of the Company, including this Warrant, by the Holder or its Affiliates or Attribution Parties since the date
as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The Beneficial Ownership Limitation shall be
4.99 of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise of this Warrant. The Holder, upon notice to the Company, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation
provisions of this Section 2(e). Any increase in the Beneficial Ownership Limitation will not be effective until the 61st day after such
notice is delivered to the Company. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in
strict conformity with the terms of this Section 2(e) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent
with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation herein contained or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly
give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of this Warrant. 

4 

Section
3 . Certain Adjustments . 

a)
 Stock Dividends and Splits . If the Company, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise
makes a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock or any other equity or equity equivalent securities payable in shares
of Common Stock (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Company upon exercise of this
Warrant), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of reverse
stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares or (iv) issues by reclassification of shares of the Common
Stock any shares of capital stock of the Company, then in each case the Exercise Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the
numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) outstanding immediately before such event
and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event, and the number of
shares issuable upon exercise of this Warrant shall be proportionately adjusted such that the aggregate Exercise Price of this Warrant
shall remain unchanged. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 3(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the
effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. 

b)
Subsequent Rights Offerings. In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 3(a) above, if at any time the Company grants, issues
or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders
of any class of shares of Common Stock (the Purchase Rights ), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms
applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number
of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including
without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance
or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are
to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holder s right
to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall
not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result
of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time,
if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 

(c)
Pro Rata Distributions. During such time as this Warrant is outstanding, if the Company shall declare or make any dividend or other distribution
of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including,
without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification,
corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a Distribution ), at any time after the issuance
of this Warrant, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the
Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete exercise
of this Warrant (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation)
immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the
record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution (provided, however, to the extent
that the Holder s right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation,
then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares
of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the
benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership
Limitation). 

5 

d)
 Fundamental Transaction . If, at any time while this Warrant is outstanding, (i) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or
more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Company with or into another Person, (ii) the Company, directly
or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of
its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer
(whether by the Company or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange
their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50 or more of the outstanding Common Stock,
(iv) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization
of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for
other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Company, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock
or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off
or scheme of arrangement) with another Person or group of Persons whereby such other Person or group acquires more than 50 of the outstanding
shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated
or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each
a Fundamental Transaction ), then, upon any subsequent exercise of this Warrant, the Holder shall have the right
to receive, for each Warrant Share that would have been issuable upon such exercise immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental
Transaction, at the option of the Holder, the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Company,
if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the Alternate Consideration receivable as
a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant is exercisable immediately
prior to such Fundamental Transaction. For purposes of any such exercise, the determination of the Exercise Price shall be appropriately
adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of
Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Company shall apportion the Exercise Price among the Alternate Consideration in
a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock
are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given
the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any exercise of this Warrant following such Fundamental Transaction.
The Company shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Company is not the survivor (the Successor
Entity to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents
in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3(d) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of
the Holder, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Warrant a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially
similar in form and substance to this Warrant which is exercisable for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor
Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon exercise of this Warrant prior
to such Fundamental Transaction, and with an exercise price which applies the exercise price hereunder to such shares of capital stock
(but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such
shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such exercise price being for the purpose of protecting the economic
value of this Warrant immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in
form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and
be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Warrant and the other Transaction
Documents referring to the Company shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power
of the Company and shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under this Warrant and the other Transaction Documents with the
same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Company herein. 

e)
 Calculations . All calculations under this Section 3 shall be made to the nearest dollar or the nearest share, as the case may
be. For purposes of this Section 3, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall
be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding treasury shares, if any) issued and outstanding. 

6 

f)
 Notice to Holder . 

i.
 Adjustment to Exercise Price . Whenever the Exercise Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 3, the Company
shall promptly deliver to the Holder by facsimile or email a notice setting forth the Exercise Price after such adjustment and any resulting
adjustment to the number of Warrant Shares and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. 

ii.
 Notice to Allow Exercise by Holder . If (A) the Company shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on
the Common Stock, (B) the Company shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the
Company shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of
capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Company shall be required in connection with
any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Company is a party, any sale or transfer of all or
substantially all of the assets of the Company, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities,
cash or property, or (E) the Company shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs
of the Company, then, in each case, the Company shall cause to be delivered by facsimile or email to the Holder at its last facsimile
number or email address as it shall appear upon the Warrant Register of the Company, at least 20 calendar days prior to the applicable
record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such
dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common
Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on
which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the
date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock
for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange;
provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the
corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided in this Warrant constitutes, or contains,
material, non-public information regarding the Company or any of the Subsidiaries, the Company shall promptly file such notice with the
Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to exercise this Warrant during the period commencing
on the date of such notice to the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 

7 

Section
4 . Transfer of Warrant . 

a)
 Transferability . Subject to compliance with any applicable securities laws and the conditions set forth in Section 4(d) hereof
and to the provisions of Section 4.1 of the Purchase Agreement, this Warrant and all rights hereunder (including, without limitation,
any registration rights) are transferable, in whole or in part, upon surrender of this Warrant at the principal office of the Company
or its designated agent, together with a written assignment of this Warrant substantially in the form attached hereto duly executed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney and funds sufficient to pay any transfer taxes payable upon the making of such transfer. Upon such
surrender and, if required, such payment, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in the name of the assignee
or assignees, as applicable, and in the denomination or denominations specified in such instrument of assignment and shall issue to the
assignor a new Warrant evidencing the portion of this Warrant not so assigned, and this Warrant shall promptly be cancelled. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, the Holder shall not be required to physically surrender this Warrant to the Company unless the Holder
has assigned this Warrant in full, in which case, the Holder shall surrender this Warrant to the Company within three (3) Trading Days
of the date the Holder delivers an assignment form to the Company assigning this Warrant in full. The Warrant, if properly assigned in
accordance herewith, may be exercised by a new holder for the purchase of Warrant Shares without having a new Warrant issued. 

b)
 New Warrants . This Warrant may be divided or combined with other Warrants upon presentation hereof at the aforesaid office of
the Company, together with a written notice specifying the names and denominations in which new Warrants are to be issued, signed by
the Holder or its agent or attorney. Subject to compliance with Section 4(a), as to any transfer which may be involved in such division
or combination, the Company shall execute and deliver a new Warrant or Warrants in exchange for the Warrant or Warrants to be divided
or combined in accordance with such notice. All Warrants issued on transfers or exchanges shall be dated the original Issue Date and
shall be identical with this Warrant except as to the number of Warrant Shares issuable pursuant thereto. 

c)
 Warrant Register . The Company shall register this Warrant, upon records to be maintained by the Company for that purpose (the
 Warrant Register ), in the name of the record Holder hereof from time to time. The Company may deem and treat the
registered Holder of this Warrant as the absolute owner hereof for the purpose of any exercise hereof or any distribution to the Holder,
and for all other purposes, absent actual notice to the contrary. 

d)
 Transfer Restrictions . If, at the time of the surrender of this Warrant in connection with any transfer of this Warrant, the transfer
of this Warrant shall not be either (i) registered pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act and under
applicable state securities or blue sky laws or (ii) eligible for resale without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public
information requirements pursuant to Rule 144, the Company may require, as a condition of allowing such transfer, that the Holder or
transferee of this Warrant, as the case may be, comply with the provisions of Section 5.7 of the Purchase Agreement. 

e)
 Representation by the Holder . The Holder, by the acceptance hereof, represents and warrants that it is acquiring this Warrant
and, upon any exercise hereof, will acquire the Warrant Shares issuable upon such exercise, for its own account and not with a view to
or for distributing or reselling such Warrant Shares or any part thereof in violation of the Securities Act or any applicable state securities
law, except pursuant to sales registered or exempted under the Securities Act. 

Section
5 . Miscellaneous . 

a)
 No Rights as Stockholder Until Exercise . This Warrant does not entitle the Holder to any voting rights, dividends or other rights
as a stockholder of the Company prior to the exercise hereof as set forth in Section 2(c)(i), except as expressly set forth in Section
3. 

b)
 Loss, Theft, Destruction or Mutilation of Warrant . The Company covenants that upon receipt by the Company of evidence reasonably
satisfactory to it of the loss, theft, destruction or mutilation of this Warrant or any stock certificate relating to the Warrant Shares,
and in case of loss, theft or destruction, of indemnity or security reasonably satisfactory to it (which, in the case of the Warrant,
shall not include the posting of any bond), and upon surrender and cancellation of such Warrant or stock certificate, if mutilated, the
Company will make and deliver a new Warrant or stock certificate of like tenor and dated as of such cancellation, in lieu of such Warrant
or stock certificate. 

8 

c)
 Saturdays, Sundays, Holidays, etc . If the last or appointed day for the taking of any action or the expiration of any right required
or granted herein shall not be a Business Day, then, such action may be taken, or such right may be exercised on the next succeeding
Business Day. 

d)
 Authorized Shares . The availability of a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the
exercise of any purchase rights under this Warrant is subject to the Stockholder Approval and the Amendment. The Board of Directors will
use commercially reasonable efforts to amend the Company s certificate of incorporation to increase the number of authorized but
unissued shares of Common Stock to a sufficient number of shares to provide for the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon the exercise
of any purchase rights under this Warrant. The Company will take all such reasonable action as may be necessary to assure that such Warrant
Shares may be issued as provided herein without violation of any applicable law or regulation, or of any requirements of the Trading
Market upon which the Common Stock may be listed. The Company covenants that all Warrant Shares which may be issued upon the exercise
of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant will, upon exercise of the purchase rights represented by this Warrant and payment
for such Warrant Shares in accordance herewith, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free from all taxes,
liens and charges created by the Company in respect of the issue thereof (other than taxes in respect of any transfer occurring contemporaneously
with such issue). Except and to the extent as waived or consented to by the Holder, the Company shall not by any action, including, without
limitation, amending its certificate of incorporation or through any reorganization, transfer of assets, consolidation, merger, dissolution,
issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms of
this Warrant, but will at all times in good faith assist in the carrying out of all such terms and in the taking of all such actions
as may be necessary or appropriate to protect the rights of Holder as set forth in this Warrant against impairment. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the Company will (i) not increase the par value of any Warrant Shares above the amount payable therefor
upon such exercise immediately prior to such increase in par value, (ii) take all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order
that the Company may validly and legally issue fully paid and nonassessable Warrant Shares upon the exercise of this Warrant and (iii)
use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain all such authorizations, exemptions or consents from any public regulatory body having
jurisdiction thereof, as may be, necessary to enable the Company to perform its obligations under this Warrant. Before taking any action,
which would result in an adjustment in the number of Warrant Shares for which this Warrant is exercisable or in the Exercise Price, the
Company shall obtain all such authorizations or exemptions thereof, or consents thereto, as may be necessary from any public regulatory
body or bodies having jurisdiction thereof. 

e)
 Governing Law; Jurisdiction . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Warrant
shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 

f)
 Restrictions . The Holder acknowledges that the Warrant Shares acquired upon exercise will have restrictions upon resale imposed
by state and federal securities laws. 

g)
 Nonwaiver and Expenses . No course of dealing or any delay or failure to exercise any right hereunder on the part of Holder shall
operate as a waiver of such right or otherwise prejudice the Holder s rights, powers or remedies, notwithstanding the fact that
all rights hereunder terminate on the Termination Date. If the Company willfully and knowingly fails to comply with any provision of
this Warrant, which results in any material damages to the Holder, the Company shall pay to the Holder such amounts as shall be sufficient
to cover any costs and expenses including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees, including those of appellate proceedings,
incurred by the Holder in collecting any amounts due pursuant hereto or in otherwise enforcing any of its rights, powers or remedies
hereunder. 

9 

h)
 Notices . Any notice, request or other document required or permitted to be given or delivered to the Holder by the Company shall
be delivered in accordance with the notice provisions of the Purchase Agreement. 

i)
 Limitation of Liability . No provision hereof, in the absence of any affirmative action by the Holder to exercise this Warrant
to purchase Warrant Shares, and no enumeration herein of the rights or privileges of the Holder, shall give rise to any liability of
the Holder for the purchase price of any Common Stock or as a stockholder of the Company, whether such liability is asserted by the Company
or by creditors of the Company. 

j)
 Remedies . The Holder, in addition to being entitled to exercise all rights granted by law, including recovery of damages, will
be entitled to specific performance of its rights under this Warrant. The Company agrees that monetary damages would not be adequate
compensation for any loss incurred by reason of a breach by it of the provisions of this Warrant and hereby agrees to waive and not to
assert the defense in any action for specific performance that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

k)
 Successors and Assigns . Subject to applicable securities laws, this Warrant and the rights and obligations evidenced hereby shall
inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Company and the successors and permitted assigns
of Holder. The provisions of this Warrant are intended to be for the benefit of any Holder from time to time of this Warrant and shall
be enforceable by the holder or holder of Warrant Shares. 

l)
 Amendment . This Warrant may be modified or amended, or the provisions hereof waived with the written consent of the Company and
the holder. 

m)
 Severability . Wherever possible, each provision of this Warrant shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid
under applicable law, but if any provision of this Warrant shall be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall
be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of such provisions or the remaining
provisions of this Warrant. 

n)
 Headings . The headings used in this Warrant are for the convenience of reference only and shall not, for any purpose, be deemed
a part of this Warrant. 

o)
 Acceptance . Receipt of this Warrant by the Holder shall constitute acceptance of and agreement to all of the terms and conditions
contained herein. 

p)
 Piggyback Registration Rights . Whenever the Company proposes to register any shares of its Common Stock under the Securities Act
(other than a registration effected solely to implement an employee benefit plan or a transaction to which Rule 145 of the Securities
Act is applicable, or a Registration Statement on Form S-4, S-8 or any successor form thereto or another form not available for registering
the Warrant Shares for sale to the public, whether for its own account or for the account of one or more stockholders of the Company
and the form of registration statement to be used may be used to register the Warrant Shares (a Piggyback Registration ),
the Company shall give prompt written notice prior to the filing of such registration statement (or its confidential submission to the
SEC in draft form) to the Holder of Warrant of its intention to effect such a registration and, subject to limitations set forth in this
section, shall include in such registration. Warrant Shares with respect to which the Company has received written requests for inclusion
from the Holders within 5 days after the Company s notice has been given to each such holder. The Company may postpone or withdraw
the filing or effectiveness of a Piggyback Registration at any time in its sole discretion. In connection with any offering involving
an underwriting of Company securities pursuant, the Company shall not be required to include any of the Warrant Shares in such underwriting
unless the holders accept the terms of the underwriting as agreed upon between the Company and its underwriters, and then only in such
quantity, if any, as the underwriters in their sole discretion determine will not jeopardize the success of the offering by the Company. 

(Signature
Page Follows) 

10 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Warrant to be executed by its officer thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above
indicated. 

AMERGENT
 HOSPITALITY GROUP INC., 

a
 Delaware corporation 

Name: 
 Michael
 D. Pruitt 

Its: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 

HOLDER: 

By: 

Its: 

EXHIBIT
A 

 NOTICE
OF EXERCISE 

To:
AMergent Hospitality group inc. 

(1)
The undersigned hereby elects to purchase ________ Warrant Shares of the Company pursuant to the terms of the attached Warrant (only
if exercised in full), and tenders herewith payment of the exercise price in full, together with all applicable transfer taxes, if any. 

(2)
Payment shall take the form of (check applicable box): 

[ 
] in lawful money of the United States. 

(3)
Please issue said Warrant Shares in the name of the undersigned or in such other name as is specified below: 

_______________________________ 

The
Warrant Shares shall be delivered to the following DWAC Account Number: 

_______________________________ 

 _______________________________ 

 _______________________________ 

(4)
 Accredited Investor . The undersigned is an accredited investor as defined in Regulation D promulgated under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

[SIGNATURE
OF HOLDER] 

Name
of Investing Entity: 

 ________________________________________________________________________ 

 Signature
of Authorized Signatory of Investing Entity : 

 __________________________________________________ 

 Name
of Authorized Signatory: 

 ____________________________________________________________________ 

 Title
of Authorized Signatory: 

 _____________________________________________________________________ 

 Date:
___________________________________________________________________________ 

EXHIBIT
B 

ASSIGNMENT
FORM 

(To
assign the foregoing Warrant, execute this form and supply required information. Do not use this form to purchase shares.) 

FOR
VALUE RECEIVED, the foregoing Warrant and all rights evidenced thereby are hereby assigned to 

Name: 

(Please
 Print) 

Address: 

(Please
 Print) 

Phone
 Number: 

Email
 Address: 

Dated:
 _______________ __, ______ 

Holder s
 Signature: 

Holder s
 Address: 

</EX-10.38>

<EX-10.39>
 6
 ex10-39.htm

Exhibit
10.39 

January
10, 2023 Mark Whittle 

Re:
Offer of Promotion Dear Mark, 

On
behalf of Amergent Hospitality Group Inc. (the Company ), I am pleased to offer you the full-time position of Interim
President on the terms described below. Please be advised all employees of the Company are paid through our payroll entity, Spark Team
Associates, LLC. In your new position, you will be reporting to the Chief Executive Officer and the Company s board of directors.
Your primary place of employment will be located in the metropolitan area or suburbs of Atlanta, Georgia and you will be working remotely.
If you do not accept this position by January 13, 2023, this offer shall become null and void and of no further force and effect. 

Start
Date and Duties. Your promotion to Interim President at the Company will commence the day you accept and countersign this offer letter
(the Employment Start Date ). In the position, you will have the responsibilities and authority generally held by
the President and will be required to perform the duties generally provided by persons serving in the role of President. You will also
continue to serve in franchise development and support. You shall devote all of your business time, attention and energy to the Company
and shall not, during the term of your employment, be actively engaged in any managerial or employment capacity in any other business
activity for gain, profit or other pecuniary advantage without the written consent of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Company acknowledges and agrees that the following activities will not constitute a breach of your obligations under this agreement:
(1) your current minority equity ownership in a small European treat concept chain and your services providing minimal strategic advisory
consultation to the majority owner and (2) ownership of less than 5 of equity in each of Focus Brands Holdings Inc. and Hawk Parent
LLC. 

Base
Salary. Your starting annual base salary will be 230,000 less applicable payroll deductions and withholding for taxes. You will
be paid according to the Company s standard payroll schedule, which is currently semi-monthly, and your salary will be subject
to annual review. In addition to your Base Salary, you will have the opportunity to earn franchise sales commissions and cash and equity
bonuses based on the performance of the Company. 

1 

Franchise
Sales Commission . The Company will pay you a commission equal to 10 of any franchise fee revenue (not including royalty revenue)
collected by the Company for future franchise units and franchise development agreements sold during the term of your employment in the
Little Big Burger, American Burger, and BGR Systems. 

Cash
Bonus Plan . We are granting you a cash bonus of 36,000 for your work during 2022 and this bonus will be paid over 10 pay periods
beginning with the pay period closest to 2/1/2023. For 2023, your cash bonus target is 46,000 and, to the extent earned, will be paid
within ninety (90) days of the end of 2023 (provided you are still employed by the Company as of the payment date). This bonus is a target
bonus based on performance criteria, is fully discretionary, and it will only be paid upon approval by the Board of Directors. The Bonus
may be increased or decreased based on the performance of the Company and your individual performance. Additionally, it is our intent
to adjust your title and role with the Company once we complete certain acquisitions. As such, within ninety (90) days of this Agreement,
you will be provided with an Additional Cash Bonus Plan which will include an incentive to earn an additional cash amount of not less
than 46,000, based on specifical performance goals related to the assets under your management role. 

Equity
Bonus Components . 

1. As
 an inducement to singing this agreement we are providing you with an immediately vested grant
 of 70,000 shares of AMHG common stock 

2. In
 addition, you are being granted an option to purchase 140,000 shares of AMHG common shares,
 which options shall vested 1/3 per year over a three year period and shall have a strike
 price of 0.60 for the first third, 1.00 for the second third, and 1.50 for the last third. 

This
bonus opportunity is subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s plan, award agreements and related documents. 

Paid
Time Off. You will be entitled to up to four weeks of vacation and/ or sick leave per year, subject to the Company s paid leave
policy as it applies to executive employees. Accrual of paid time off is limited to and capped at a maximum of twenty (20) days (200
hours), at any time. If accrued paid time off is not used, it will be forfeited, and in no event shall such time be paid in cash. Further
you may not use more than ten (10) days of consecutive PTO at one-time without the prior written consent of the CEO. 

Company
Benefits. The Company offers a competitive employee benefits program. As a full-time, exempt employee, you will be eligible for benefits
in accordance with the applicable terms, conditions and availability of the plans and programs as may be maintained by the Company from
time to time. Our 

2 

current
health and welfare benefits include medical, dental, vision care and prescription drug coverage, among other benefits. The Company will
pay 100 of the cost of these benefits for you and you may pay the cost of such benefits for family members. The Company has a 401k plan
which will be available to you; however, at this time there is no matching Company contribution. 

We
will provide you with a lap-top you will use your own cell phone for business. You will received 100 a month for phone and data usage.
Further, we will reimburse business expenses that you incur performing your duties provided requests and relevant documentation are submitted
in compliance with the Company s expense reimbursement policy in effect at the time. 

Plans
and Benefits Subject to Change. The Company reserves the right to modify, amend, suspend, or terminate any of its incentive, retirement,
welfare, fringe benefit or other plans or programs, whether or not described in this letter, in its sole discretion, at any time, subject
to applicable law. 

Employment
At-Will. This offer letter does not constitute a contract of employment for any specific period of time but will create an employment
at-will relationship that may be terminated at any time by you, with or without Good Reason, or by the Company, with or without Cause
and with or without advance notice. 

Termination. 

As
used herein, 

Good
Reason means any one of the following: (i) the material reduction of your base compensation that does not impact similarly-situated
executives; or (ii) a requirement to report to any person or entity other than the CEO, board of directors or its designee provided,
that, in each case, you will not be deemed to have Good Reason unless (i) you first provide the board with written notice of the condition
giving rise to Good Reason within thirty (30) days of its initial occurrence, (ii) the Company fails to cure such condition within thirty
(30) days after receiving such written notice (the Cure Period ), and (iii) your resignation based on such Good Reason
is effective within thirty (30) days after the expiration of the Cure Period. 

Disability 
means a mental or physical condition which, in the opinion of the Company as supported by competent medical evidence and after consideration
and compliance with its obligations under the Americans with Disabilities Act, and all applicable state and local laws, renders you unable
and incompetent to carry out the material job responsibilities which you held or the material duties to which you were assigned at the
time the Disability was incurred. 

3 

Cause 
means: (i) a breach by you of your fiduciary duties to the Company; (ii) your breach of this Agreement or the NDA, which, if curable,
remains uncured or continues after thirty (30) days written notice by the Company thereof; (iii) the commission of (A) any crime
constituting a felony in the jurisdiction in which committed, (B) any crime involving moral turpitude (whether or not a felony), or (C)
any other criminal act involving embezzlement, misappropriation of money, fraud, theft, or bribery (whether or not a felony); (iv) illegal
or controlled substance abuse or insobriety by you that interferes with the performance of your duties to the Company; (v) your material
negligence or dereliction in the performance of, or failure to perform your duties of employment with the Company, which remains uncured
or continues after thirty (30) days written notice by the Company thereof or failure recurs following any such correction; (vi)
any conduct, action or behavior by you that is materially and demonstrably damaging to the Company, whether to the business interests,
finance or reputation, which remains uncured or continues after thirty (30) days written notice by the Company thereof or failure
recurs following any such correction or (vii) a disqualifying event causing Company bad actor disqualification under Rule
506(d) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Upon
termination of your employment by you without Good Reason, by the Company with Cause or because of your incapacity due to Disability,
or in the event of your death, you will receive payment of any accrued but unpaid base salary through the termination date, reimbursement
for any unpaid and approved expenses incurred through the termination date and vested equity, including stock options (collectively referred
to herein as Accrued Benefits ). 

In
the event that the Company terminates your employment without Cause or you resign for Good Reason, then subject to the conditions set
forth herein, payable at the termination of the Garden Leave Period, if applicable you will receive: (i) Accrued Benefits, (ii) after
the Garden Leave Period, an amount equal to three (3) months of your then current base salary, paid during the Company s normal
payroll schedule over a period of three (3) months subject to extension to six (6) months in the event the Garden Leave Period
is waived) (the Severance Period ); and (ii) to the extent permitted by applicable law, subject to your timely election
of COBRA continuation coverage on the first regularly scheduled payroll date of each month during the Severance Period, the Company will
pay you an amount equal to the COBRA premium cost for you and your dependents COBRA Payments ). 

Your
receipt of benefits other than those legally prescribed is conditioned on and subject to (i) execution this Agreement and the Company s
standard non-disclosure agreement NDA ), and (ii) signing and not rescinding an effective, general release of all
claims in favor of the Company and in a form acceptable to the Company within no greater than sixty (60) days following the termination
date. In the event you breach the NDA, any entitlement to severance will be forfeited. 

4 

In
the event of your death, payments will be made to your estate or legal representative, and any death benefits payable and due to your
death under Company benefit plans or programs will also be paid. 

Garden
Leave. There will be a Garden Leave Period of three (3) months in the event of (i) your resignation from the
Company without Good Reason or (ii) a termination of your employment by the Company without Cause. The Garden Leave Period will not apply
to a termination of your employment by the Company for Cause, a termination by you for Good Reason, or a termination due to your death
or Disability. 

If
you intend to resign from employment with the Company without Good Reason or if the Company intends to terminate your employment with
the Company without Cause, you or the Company, as applicable, agrees to notify the other party of such intention at least three (3) months
in advance of the intended effective date of the employment termination. 

During
the Garden Leave Period, you will continue to be an employee of the Company, will continue to be paid the same level of base salary as
would otherwise be in effect during such period, and will be eligible to continue to participate in the Company s benefits programs
in accordance with their terms. During the Garden Leave Period, the Company will have the right, in its discretion, to take any of the
following actions (in any combination), and in no case will such action or actions taken during the Garden Leave Period constitute the
basis for you to resign for Good Reason or otherwise be considered a violation of this Agreement: (i) require you to perform any portion
or all of your duties (to the extent commensurate with your position) and/or to refrain from performing any portion or all of your duties
on behalf of the Company; (ii) require you to use accrued but unused paid time off during a period in which you are directed to refrain
from performing any services for the Company; (iii) require you, as reasonably requested by the Company, to assist the Company in transitioning
your duties and client or customer relationships to one or more successors; appoint one or more other individuals to a position having
duties and responsibilities that fully or in part are substantially similar to your duties to act jointly with you during the Garden
Leave Period with respect to such duties and responsibilities; (iv) require you to resign from any board of directors, committee, or
other appointed roles within the Company organization and/or to cease being an authorized signatory or representative of the Company;
(v) require you not to contact any customers, clients, employees, independent contractors, or vendors of the Company with respect to
business of the Company; (vi) require you to work from home to the extent reasonably practicable; or (vii) refuse your entry to any or
all premises of the Company, suspend or terminate your authorized access to any information technology system of the Company, and/or
suspend or terminate your authorized access to any confidential or proprietary information of the Company. 

5 

During
the Garden Leave Period, you will: (i) maintain contact with the Company and make yourself available to provide such services as may
be reasonably requested that are commensurate with your position or otherwise contemplated during the Garden Leave Period; (ii) continue
to comply with all other terms of your employment with the Company, including, without limitation, obligations of good faith, loyalty,
confidentiality, fiduciary duties, and the restrictive covenants set forth in this Agreement and the NDA; (iii) not make any unauthorized
public statements regarding the Company or its operations; and (iv) not commence employment with any other employer. 

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, during a Garden Leave Period, the Company may elect to terminate the Garden Leave Period and your employment
immediately at any time if (i) the Company terminates your employment for Cause or (ii) you fail to make reasonable efforts to follow
any directive of the Company or fulfill any of your responsibilities during the Garden Leave Period, and, if curable, you fail to cure
such failure within a reasonable period (not to exceed fifteen (15) days) after being notified of the failure. 

If
the parties mutually agree to waive the Garden Leave Period, your Severance Period will be extended from three (3) months to six (6)
months. 

Confidentiality;
Proprietary Information; Restrictive Covenants. As a condition to your employment with the Company, you will be required to sign
the Company s standard NDA. 

Entire
Agreement. This offer letter constitutes the entire agreement between you and the Company with respect to the subject matter hereof
and supersedes any and all prior or contemporaneous oral or written representations, understandings, agreements or communications between
you and the Company concerning those subject matters. Your Employment Agreement with the Company dated November 29, 2021 will be deemed
terminated and of no further effect upon your execution of this offer letter, provided however you will be entitled to reimbursement
of expenses incurred prior to this promotion (in accordance with the Company s expense reimbursement policy) and will retain any
accrued and unpaid leave from fiscal 2023 not to exceed twenty (20) days. 

Executive
Representations. By accepting this offer, you acknowledge and represent and warrant that you are not a party to or bound by any agreement
with a third party that would or could reasonably be interpreted to prohibit or restrict you from being employed by the Company or from
performing any of your duties in the contemplated position. You also agree to provide the Company with copies of all agreements relating
to employment with a third party under which you have an ongoing obligation of confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation, or
similar restrictive covenants of whatever kind. 

6 

We
are pleased to offer you this promotion with Amergent Hospitality Group Inc. To accept the terms above, please sign and date this offer
letter and return it to me no later than January 13, 2023 

Sincerely, 

AMERGENT
HOSPITALITY GROUP INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 Michael D. Pruitt 

Michael
 D. Pruitt 

CEO 

Acknowledgment
and Acceptance 

I accept this offer of employment
 with the Company and agree to the terms and conditions outlined in this offer letter. 

Mark
 Whittle 

Date: 
 January
 10, 2023 

7 

</EX-10.39>

<EX-10.40>
 7
 ex10-40.htm

Exhibit 10.40 

January
6, 2023 

Stephen
Hoelscher 

Re:
Offer of Employment- effective start date 

Dear Steve, 

On
behalf of Amergent Hospitality Group Inc. (the Company ), I am pleased to offer you the full-time
position of Chief Financial Officer on the ter1ns described below. All employees of the Company are paid through our payroll
entity, Spark Team Associates, LLC. In your new position, you will be reporting to Mike Pruitt, the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
of the Board of the Company AND/OR his successor, AND/OR the Company s Board of Directors. Your primary place of employment
will be Florence, Texas and you will be working remotely. If you do not accept this position by January 9 th , 2023, this
offer shall become null and void and of no further force and effect. 

Start
Date and Duties. Your first day of work at the Company will be as of the date of this letter (the Employment Start Date ).
 In this position, you will have the responsibilities and authority generally held by and be required to perform the duties
generally provided by persons serving in the role of CFO. You shall devote all your business time, attention and energy to the Company
and shall not, during the tertn of your employment, be actively engaged in any managerial or employment capacity in any other
business activity for gain, profit or other pecuniary advantage without the written consent of the Company. 

Base
Salary. Your starting annual base salary will be 180,000 less applicable payroll deductions and withholding for taxes. You will
be paid according to the Company s standard payroll schedule, which is currently bi-weekly, and your salary will be subject to
annual review. In addition to your Base Salary, you will have the opportunity to earn cash and equity bonuses based on the perfor1nance
 of the Company. 

Cash
Bonus Plan. We are granting you a cash bonus of 30,000 for your work during 2022 and this bonus will be paid over 10 pay periods
beginning with the pay period closest to 2/1/2023. For 2023, your cash bonus will be 36,000 and paid annually within 90 days of the
end of each calendar year (provided you are still employed by the Company as of the payment date). This bonus is a target bonus and is
fully discretionary and will only be paid upon approval by the Board of Directors. The Bonus may be increased or decreased based on the
 perforrnance of the Company and your individual perfor1nance. 

1 

Equity
Bonus Components 

1. As
 an inducement to singing this agreement we are providing you with an immediately vested grant
 of 50,000 shares of AMHG common stock 

2. In
 addition, you are being granted an option to purchase 100,000 shares of AMHG common shares,
 which options shall vested 1/3 per year over a three year period, and shall havea strike
 price of 0.60 for the first third, 1.00 for the second third, and 1.50 for the last third. 

This
bonus opportunity is subject to the terms and conditions of the plan and related documents. 

Paid
Time Off. Y_ou will be entitled to two weeks of vacation per year, subject to the Company s paid leave policy as it applies
to executive employees. Accrual paid time off is limited to a maximum of 7 days per year. You may accrue paid time off during the year,
provided however, paid time off that is accrued must be used not later than the following year. If accrued time off is not used it will
be forfeited and in no event shall such time be paid in cash. In no event may you use more than 21 paid time off, including current and
accrued time off, in one calendar year. 

Company
Benefits. The company offers a competitive employee benefits program. As a full-time, exempt employee, you will be eligible for
benefits in accordance with the applicable terms, conditions and availability of the plans and programs as may be maintained
by the Company from time to time. Our current health and welfare benefits include medical, dental, vision care and prescription drug
coverage, among other benefits. The Company will pay 100 of the cost of these benefits for you and you may pay the cost of such
benefits for family members. The Company has a 401k plan which will be available to you, however at this time there is no matching
Company contribution. 

We
will provide you with a lap-top. You will use your own cell phone and you will receive 100 a month for phone and data usage. 

Plans
and Benefits Subject to Change. The Company reserves the right to modify, amend, suspend, or terminate any of its incentive,
retirement, welfare, fringe benefit or other plans or 

 programs,
whether or not described in this letter, in its sole discretion, at any time, subject to applicable law. 

Employment
At-Will. This offer letter does not constitute a contract of employment for any specific period of time but will create an employment
at-will relationship that may be tern1inated at any time by you or by the Company, with or without cause and with or without advance
notice. 

Confidentiality;
Proprietary Information; Restrictive Covenants. As a condition to your employment with the Company, you will be required to sign
the Company s standard Non Disclosure, Confidentiality and Proprietary Information Agreement. 

Entire
Agreement. This offer letter and any documents and agreements referenced herein constitute the entire agreement between you and the
Company with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all prior or contemporaneous oral or written representations,
understandings, agreements or communications between you and the Company concerning those subject matters. 

2 

Executive
Representations. By accepting this offer, you acknowledge and represent and warrant that you are not a party to or bound by any agreement
with a third party that would or could reasonably be interpreted to prohibit or restrict you from being employed by the Company or from
 performing any of your duties in the contemplated position. You also agree to provide the Company with copies of all agreements
relating to employment with a third party under which you 

 have
an ongoing obligation of confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation, or similar restrictive covenants of whatever kind. 

We
are pleased to offer you this position with Amergent Hospitality Group Inc. To accept the ter1ns above, please sign and date this
offer letter and return it to me no later than January 9th, 2023. 

 Sincerely, 

AMERGENT
HOSPITALITY GROUP INC. 

By: 

Michael
 D. Pruitt 

CEO 

Acknowledgment
and Acceptance 

I
accept this offer of employment with the Company and agree to the terms and conditions outlined in this offer letter. 

Stephen
 Hoelscher 

Date: 
 01/30/2023 

3 

</EX-10.40>

<EX-10.41>
 8
 ex10-41.htm

Exhibit
10.41 

ASSET
PURCHASE AGREEMENT BY 

AND
BETWEEN 

110/120
CUISINE, LLC 

AND 

BOUDREAUX S
CAJUN KITCHEN INC. DATED 

AS
OF JANUARY 18, 2023 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE
 1. 
 DEFINITIONS 
 1 
 
 1.1 
 Definitions 
 1 
 
 1.2 
 Interpretation. 
 8 

ARTICLE
 2. 
 PURCHASE
 AND SALE OF PURCHASED ASSETS 
 8 
 
 2.1 
 Purchased
 Assets 
 8 
 
 2.2 
 Excluded
 Assets 
 9 
 
 2.3 
 Assumed
 Liabilities 
 9 
 
 2.4 
 Excluded
 Liabilities 
 10 
 
 2.5 
 Purchase
 Price; Deposit; Payment of Closing Purchase Price. 
 11 
 
 2.6 
 Working
 Capital Purchase Price Adjustment 
 11 
 
 2.7 
 Closing. 
 13 
 
 2.8 
 Transfer
 Taxes 
 14 
 
 2.9 
 Assignment
 of Assets. 
 15 

ARTICLE
 3. 
 REPRESENTATIONS
 AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER 
 15 
 
 3.1 
 Organization
 and Qualification. 
 15 
 
 3.2 
 Authority
 Relative to this Agreement. 
 15 
 
 3.3 
 No
 Conflict 
 16 
 
 3.4 
 Filings
 and Consents 
 16 
 
 3.5 
 Financial
 Statements 
 16 
 
 3.6 
 Intellectual
 Property 
 16 
 
 3.7 
 Environmental
 and Safety Matters 
 16 
 
 3.8 
 Compliance
 with Laws 
 17 
 
 3.9 
 Assets. 
 17 
 
 3.10 
 Claims
 and Proceedings 
 17 
 
 3.11 
 Contracts 
 17 
 
 3.12 
 No
 Broker 
 17 
 
 3.13 
 Taxes
 and Tax Returns 
 18 
 
 3.14 
 Real
 Property 
 18 
 
 3.15 
 Employees 
 18 
 
 3.16 
 Employee
 Benefit Plans 
 19 
 
 3.17 
 Absence
 of Certain Changes or Events 
 19 
 
 3.18 
 Permits 
 19 
 
 3.19 
 No
 Additional Representations 
 19 
 
 3.20 
 No
 Additional Purchaser Representations 
 20 

ARTICLE
 4. 
 REPRESENTATIONS
 AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER 
 20 
 
 4.1 
 Formation
 and Qualification. 
 20 
 
 4.2 
 Authority
 Relative to this Agreement. 
 20 
 
 4.3 
 No
 Conflict 
 20 
 
 4.4 
 Required
 Filings and Consents 
 21 
 
 4.5 
 No
 Broker 
 21 
 
 4.6 
 Availability
 of Funds 
 21 
 
 4.7 
 Litigation 
 21 
 
 4.8 
 Independent
 Investigation. 
 21 
 
 4.9 
 Solvency. 
 21 
 
 4.10 
 No
 Additional Representations 
 22 
 
 4.11 
 No
 Additional Seller Representations 
 22 

i 

ARTICLE
 5. 
 COVENANTS 
 22 
 
 5.1 
 Conduct
 of Business 
 22 
 
 5.2 
 Efforts
 to Consummate Closing. 
 22 
 
 5.3 
 Pre-Closing
 Access 
 23 
 
 5.4 
 Contact 
 23 
 
 5.5 
 Confidentiality;
 Publicity 
 23 
 
 5.6 
 Further
 Assurances 
 24 
 
 5.7 
 Taxes
 and Tax Returns 
 24 
 
 5.8 
 Business
 Names. 
 24 
 
 5.9 
 Wrong
 Pockets 
 25 
 
 5.10 
 Expenses 
 25 
 
 5.11 
 Third
 Party Consents 
 25 
 
 5.12 
 Allocation
 of Purchase Price. 
 25 
 
 5.13 
 Bulk
 Sales Laws 
 26 
 
 5.14 
 Employee
 Matters 
 26 
 
 5.15 
 Post-Closing
 Access 
 26 

ARTICLE
 6. 
 CONDITIONS
 PRECEDENT 
 27 
 
 6.1 
 Conditions
 to Obligations of Purchaser 
 27 
 
 6.2 
 Conditions
 to Obligations of Seller 
 27 
 
 6.3 
 Frustration
 of Closing Conditions 
 28 

ARTICLE
 7. 
 TERMINATION 
 28 
 
 7.1 
 Termination 
 28 
 
 7.2 
 Effect
 of Termination 
 29 

ARTICLE
 8. 
 SURVIVAL;
 INDEMNIFICATION 
 29 
 
 8.1 
 Indemnification
 by Seller 
 29 
 
 8.2 
 Indemnification
 by Purchaser 
 30 
 
 8.3 
 Indemnification
 Procedure for Third Party Claims 
 30 
 
 8.4 
 Survival
 of Representations and Warranties and Covenants 
 31 
 
 8.5 
 Manner
 of Payment 
 32 
 
 8.6 
 Allocation
 of Indemnification Payments 
 32 
 
 8.7 
 Mitigation 
 32 
 
 8.8 
 Exclusive
 Remedy. 
 32 
 
 8.9 
 Subrogation. 
 33 

ARTICLE
 9. 
 GENERAL 
 33 
 
 9.1 
 Notices 
 33 
 
 9.2 
 Severability;
 Parties in Interest. 
 34 
 
 9.3 
 Assignment 
 34 
 
 9.4 
 Governing
 Law 
 34 
 
 9.5 
 Specific
 Performance. 
 34 
 
 9.6 
 Consent
 to Jurisdiction. 
 34 
 
 9.7 
 Waiver
 of Jury Trial 
 35 
 
 9.8 
 Headings;
 Interpretation. 
 35 
 
 9.9 
 Counterparts;
 Facsimiles 
 35 
 
 9.10 
 Entire
 Agreement. 
 35 
 
 9.11 
 Waivers
 and Amendments; Non-Contractual Remedies; Preservation of Remedies 
 35 
 
 9.12 
 Exhibits
 and Schedules 
 35 

EXHIBITS 

Exhibit
 A 
 Form
 of Assumption Agreement 
 
 Exhibit
 B 
 Form
 of Bill of Sale 
 
 Exhibit
 C 
 Seller
 Financial Statements 
 
 Exhibit
 D 
 Form
 of Promissory Note 
 
 Exhibit
 E 
 Form
 of Security Agreement 
 
 Exhibit
 F 
 Form
 of Guaranty 
 
 Exhibit
 G 
 Form
 of Transition Services Agreement 
 
 Exhibit
 H 
 Form
 of Temporary Concession and Management Agreement 

ii 

ASSET
PURCHASE AGREEMENT 

THIS
ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT is made as of January 18, 2023 (the Effective Date by and among 110/120 CUISINE, LLC,
a Texas limited liability company Purchaser ), and BOUDREAUX S CAJUN KITCHEN INC., a Texas corporation Seller ).
Purchaser and Seller are sometimes referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 

RECITALS 

A.
Seller owns certain rights and assets used in its conduct of the Business. 

B.
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, Seller desires to sell, convey, transfer, assign and deliver to Purchaser, and
Purchaser desires to purchase and acquire from Seller, all of Seller s right, title and interest in and to the Purchased Assets
(the Acquisition ). 

AGREEMENT 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
expressly acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 

ARTICLE
1. DEFINITIONS 

1.1
Definitions. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such terms in this Article
1 . 

Acquired
Intellectual Property shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.1(e) . 

Acquisition 
shall have the meaning given to such term in the Recitals. 

Action 
means any civil, criminal or administrative litigation, claim, action, suit, arbitration, hearing or other similar proceeding. 

Affiliate 
shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with
such Person, provided that, for purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlled
by and under common control with ), as used with respect to any Person, shall mean the possession, directly or indirectly,
of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, whether through the ownership of voting
securities or by contract or otherwise. 

Agreement 
means this Asset Purchase Agreement, including all exhibits and schedules hereto. 

Assumed
Contracts shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.3(a) . 

Assumed Liabilities shall
have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.3 . 

1 

Assumption
Agreement shall mean the Assumption Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto. 

Bill
of Sale shall mean the Bill of Sale substantially in the form of Exhibit B attached hereto. 

Business 
means the ownership and operation of four Boudreaux s Cajun Kitchen restaurants, as historically conducted by Seller. 

Business
Day means any day other than a Saturday, a Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks in Dallas, Texas are required
to be closed or are closed generally. 

Business
Employees shall mean those employees of Seller who are employed by Seller primarily in connection with the Business (including
employees on vacation/paid time off, disability leave or other leave of absence). 

Business
Names means the following trade name: Boudreaux s Cajun Kitchen . 

Claim Notice shall
have the meaning given to such term in Section 8.3(a) . 

Closing shall have the meaning given to such term
in Section 2.7 . 

Closing
Date shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.7 . 

Closing
Purchase Price shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.5(c) . 

Code means the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as it may be amended from time to time, and any successor thereto. 

Company
Plans shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 3.16(a) . 

Concession Agreements shall
mean the Temporary Concession and Management Agreements substantially in the form of Exhibit H attached hereto. 

Contracts 
means all written or unwritten agreements, contracts, arrangements, commitments, undertakings, leases and guarantees. 

Deductible 
shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 8.1 . 

Defense Notice shall have the meaning given to
such term in Section 8.3(a) . 

Deposit shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.5(b) . 

Disputed Items shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.6(c) . 

Effective
Date means shall have the meaning given to such term in the preamble of this Agreement. 

End
Date shall have the meaning give to such term in Section 7.1(b)(i) . 

2 

Enforcement
Limitation means any applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or other similar Law affecting creditors 
rights generally and principles governing the availability of equitable remedies. 

Environmental
Laws means, whenever enacted and in effect, all applicable foreign, United States federal, state, and local statutes, regulations,
ordinances, codes and other provisions having the force or effect of law, all judicial and administrative orders and determinations and
all common law, in any case concerning pollution, protection of the environment or natural resources, Hazardous Materials, and protection
of human health and safety and worker health and safety. 

ERISA 
means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Excluded
Assets shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.2 . 

Excluded Liabilities shall have
the meaning given to such term in Section 2.4 . Firm shall have the meaning given such term in Section
2.6(c) . 

Fraud 
means an actual and intentional fraud with respect to the making of the representations and warranties in this Agreement; provided, that
such actual and intentional fraud shall only be deemed to exist if the Person making such representations and warranties had actual knowledge
(as opposed to imputed or constructive knowledge) that such representations and warranties were actually breached when made, with the
express intention that Purchaser or Seller, as applicable, rely thereon to its detriment. 

Fundamental
Representation means the representation and warranties set forth in Sections 3.1 , 3.2 , 3.12 , 3.13 ,
 4.1 , 4.2 , and 4.5 . 

Governmental
Authorities means all agencies, authorities, bodies, boards, commissions, courts, instrumentalities, legislatures and offices
of any nature whatsoever of any government, quasi-governmental unit or political subdivision, whether foreign, federal, state, county,
district, municipality, city or otherwise. 

Guaranty 
means a Guaranty, substantially in the form of Exhibit F attached hereto. 

Hazardous
Materials means any substance, material or waste, regardless of physical form or concentration, that (a) is hazardous,
toxic, infectious, explosive, radioactive, carcinogenic, ignitable, corrosive, or reactive, or otherwise deleterious to living
things or the environment, (b) is identified, defined, designated, listed, restricted or otherwise regulated under Environmental
Laws, or (c) as to which liability or standards of conduct may be imposed pursuant to any Environmental Law. 

Indemnitee 
shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 8.3(a) . 

Indemnitor shall have the meaning given to such
term in Section 8.3(a) . 

Interest 
shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.9 . 

3 

Knowledge
of Purchaser (or any similar phrase or qualification based on Purchaser s knowledge) means the actual knowledge of each
of the executive officers of Purchaser. 

Knowledge
of Seller (or any similar phrase or qualification based on Seller s knowledge) means the actual knowledge of Richard
Hicks, and if a reasonable person with Richard Hicks s actual knowledge of the relevant facts and circumstances at that time would
have deemed a further investigation necessary, the actual knowledge that Richard Hicks would have obtained after due inquiry and reasonable
investigation. 

Law 
means any federal, state, foreign or local statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, Order, other requirement or rule of law. 

Leased
Real Property means the real property leased by Seller as tenant, subtenant or otherwise, together with all buildings and
other structures, facilities or improvements located thereon; provided, however, that the Leased Real Property shall not include any
of the Excluded Assets. The Leased Real Property is set forth on Schedule 3.14 . 

Liability 
means any liability, indebtedness, assessment, expense, claim, loss, damage, deficiency, obligation or responsibility, known or unknown,
disputed or undisputed, joint or several, vested or unvested, executory or not, fixed or unfixed, choate or inchoate, liquidated or unliquidated,
secured or unsecured, determinable or undeterminable, accrued or unaccrued, absolute or not, actual or potential, contingent or otherwise
(including any liability under any guarantees). 

Lien 
means any mortgage, lien (including mechanics, warehousemen, laborers and landlords liens), pledge, charge, community property interest,
easement, encroachment, security interest or similar restriction or right, option, or encumbrance. 

Loss 
shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 8.1 . 

Material
Adverse Effect means any change, event, effect, circumstance, state of facts or development (or combination of the foregoing)
which, individually or in the aggregate, has had (a) a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or results of operations
of the Business or (b) a material adverse effect on the ability of Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby; provided,
however, no such change, impact, event, effect, circumstance, state of facts or development resulting from or arising in connection with
the following shall constitute (or be taken into account in determining the occurrence of) a Material Adverse Effect: (i) changes or
conditions affecting generally the industries in which the Business operates, (ii) changes or conditions affecting the economy as a whole
or capital, financial, banking or securities markets generally in the United States, (iii) the announcement, declaration, commencement,
occurrence, continuation, threat or worsening of any war or armed hostilities, any act or acts of terrorism or any other national or
international political or social event or condition, (iv) any failure to meet any projections or forecasts or estimates of revenues
or earnings for any period (it being understood and agreed that any changes, events, effects, circumstances, states of facts or developments
giving rise to such failure that are not otherwise excluded from the definition of Material Adverse Effect may be taken into account
in determining whether there has been a Material Adverse Effect), (v) the reaction (including subsequent actions) of any Person not a
Party to any transaction contemplated herein (including the announcement thereof), (vi) any change in applicable accounting requirements
or principles or any change or anticipated change in applicable Law or the interpretation thereof, (vii) any action required to be taken
under any Assumed Contract or applicable Law, (viii) any natural disaster or other acts of God, (ix) any disease outbreak, cluster, epidemic,
pandemic or plague, regardless of stage, including the outbreak or escalation of the COVID-19 coronavirus, (x) any action expressly required
or permitted to be taken pursuant to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, or (xi) any event, occurrence or circumstance
with respect to which Purchaser has Knowledge as of the date hereof; provided, that, any of the matters set forth in clauses (ii), (iii)
and (vi) shall be taken into account in determining whether there is a Material Adverse Effect to the extent that such effects have a
material disproportionate adverse effect on the Business (as compared to other businesses operating in the industries in which the Business
operates). 

4 

Negative
Working Capital Items means (i) the value as of the Closing Date of all unredeemed gift card amounts for gift cards sold commencing
January 1, 2020 through Closing; (ii) all accrued current liabilities incurred by Seller in the ordinary course of business with respect
to goods and services utilized by Seller during the period prior to Closing but that are actually paid by Purchaser following Closing;
and (iii) the Liabilities related to accrued but unused vacation days or other paid time off with respect to each Business Employee who
accepts the offer of employment from Purchaser or any of its Affiliates. 

Objection
Notice shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.6(b) . 

Orders shall have the meaning
given to such term in Section 3.8 . 

Ordinary
Course of Business means with respect to any Person, (a) any action taken or not taken by such Person in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice, and (b) any other action taken or not taken by such Person in response to the actual or anticipated
effect on such Person s business of COVID-19 or any Law, order, directive, guideline or recommendation by any Governmental Authority,
in each case with respect to this clause (b) in connection with or in response to COVID-19. 

Permits 
shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 3.18 . 

Permitted
Liens means (a) Liens for current Taxes not yet due or being contested in good faith; (b) minor imperfections of title and
encumbrances that do not impair the value or interfere with the present or continued use of such property or asset; (c) Liens listed
in any Schedule or noted in any of the Financial Statements; (d) Liens created by the express terms of any Assumed Contract or any equipment
lease; (e) Liens arising under any original purchase price conditional sales contract or equipment lease; (f) easements, covenants, conditions
or restrictions of public record; (g) easements, covenants, conditions or restrictions not of public record as to which no material violation
or encroachment exists or, if such violation or encroachment exists, as to which the cure of such violation or encroachment would not
materially interfere with the conduct of the business of the applicable Person; (h) zoning or other governmentally established Liens;
(i) pledges or deposits to secure any obligation under any workers or unemployment compensation Law or to secure any other public or
statutory obligation; (j) mechanic s, materialmen s, landlord s, carrier s, supplier s or vendor s
liens or similar Liens arising or incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business of the applicable Person that secure any amount that is
not overdue for a period of more than 90 days; or (k) other imperfections of title or licenses or other Liens incurred in the Ordinary
Course of Business or that do not materially impair the conduct of the business of the Business as presently conducted. 

5 

Person 
means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, syndicate,
person (including a person as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended), trust, association,
entity or government or political subdivision, agency or instrumentality. 

Positive
Working Capital Items means (i) the value of all usable inventory located on the Leased Real Property at Closing Closing
Inventory ); (ii) the value of store bank and cash on hand at the Leased Real Property at Closing Closing Cash );
and (iii) all accrued current assets and prepaids incurred by Seller and usable by Purchaser in the ordinary course of business with
respect to the period following Closing Closing Prepaids ). 

Post-Closing
Liabilities means any Liabilities incurred, accrued or arising on or after the Closing Date related to the Business. 

Pre-Closing
Tax Period shall mean all taxable periods ending on or before the Closing Date and the portion through the end of the Closing
Date for any taxable period that includes (but does not end on) the Closing Date. 

Preliminary
Closing Statement shall have the meaning given that term in Section 2.5(c) . 

Promissory
Note shall mean a Promissory Note, to be secured by a first priority security interest in favor of Seller in all of the Purchased
Assets, issued by Purchaser to Seller to be executed in connection with Closing in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D . 

Proprietary
Rights shall mean all of the following in any jurisdiction throughout the world: (a) patents, patent applications, patent
disclosures, and statutory invention registrations, including divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, foreign counterparts,
re-issues and re- examinations thereof and any patents and patent applications claiming priority from any of the foregoing (collectively,
 Patents ); (b) common law and registered trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade names, corporate names, logos
and slogans (and all translations, adaptations, derivations and combinations of the foregoing) and Internet domain names, and pending
registrations and applications therefor, together with all goodwill associated with each of the foregoing (collectively, Trademarks );
(c) registered and unregistered copyrights and copyrightable works and pending registrations and applications therefor (collectively,
 Copyrights ); (d) trade secrets and confidential information (including inventions, ideas, formulae, compositions,
research and development information, drawings, specifications, designs, plans, proposals, technical data, financial, business and marketing
plans, and customer and supplier lists and related information) (collectively, Trade Secrets ); and (e) computer
software and software systems (including data, source code and object code, databases and related documentation). 

Purchase
Price shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.5(a) . 

6 

Purchase
Price Allocation shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 5.12 . 

Purchased Assets shall
have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.1 . 

Purchaser shall have the meaning given to such term in
the preamble of this Agreement. 

Purchaser Indemnified Party shall have the meaning given to such term in Section
8.1 . 

Real
Property Lease means, collectively, each lease, sublease, license and other agreement pursuant to which Seller is granted
the right to use or occupy, now or in the future, the Leased Real Property or any portion thereof, including any and all modifications,
amendments and supplements thereto and any assignments thereof. 

Reconciliation
Statement shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2.6(a) . 

Release means any spilling,
leaking, seeping, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, injecting, discharging, escaping, leaching, migrating, dumping, disposing or
releasing of Hazardous Material into the environment or any structure of any kind whatsoever, including the abandonment or discarding
of barrels, containers, tanks or other receptacles containing or previously containing Hazardous Material. 

Representatives 
means, with respect to any Party to this Agreement, such Party s directors, officers, employees, attorneys, accountants, representatives,
lenders, consultants, independent contractors and other agents. 

Retained
Interest shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 2.9 . 

Security
Agreement means a Security Agreement pursuant to which Purchaser grants a first priority security interest in favor of Seller
in all of the assets of Purchaser, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E . 

Seller 
shall have the meaning given to such term in the preamble of this Agreement. 

Seller Indemnified Party shall have
the meaning given to such term in Section 8.2 . 

Tax Benefit shall have the meaning given to such term in Section
8.5 . 

Taxes 
means: (a) any and all taxes, fees, levies, duties, tariffs, imposts and other charges of any kind, imposed by any Governmental Authority
or taxing authority, including taxes or other charges on, measured by, or with respect to income, franchise, windfall or other profits,
gross receipts, property, sales, use, capital stock, payroll, employment, social security, workers compensation, unemployment
compensation or net worth; taxes or other charges in the nature of excise, withholding, ad valorem, stamp, transfer, value-added or gains
taxes; license, registration and documentation fees; and customers duties, tariffs and similar charges; (b) any liability for
the payment of any amounts of the type described in (a) as a result of being a member of an affiliated, combined, consolidated or unitary
group for any taxable period; and (c) any and all interest, penalties, additions to tax and additional amounts imposed in connection
with or with respect to any amounts described in (a) or (b). 

7 

Tax
Return means any return, report, statement, form or other documentation (including any additional or supporting material and
any amendments or supplements) filed or maintained, or required to be filed or maintained, with respect to or in connection with the
calculation, determination, assessment or collection of any Taxes. 

Transaction
Documents shall mean, collectively, this Agreement, and each of the other agreements and instruments to be executed and delivered
by all or some of the Parties in connection with the consummation of the Acquisition (including exhibits and schedules thereto), including
the Bill of Sale, the Assumption Agreement, the Promissory Note, the Security Agreement, the Guaranty, the Transition Services Agreement,
the Concession Agreements, assignments of Assumed Contracts, and assignments of Real Property Leases. 

Transfer
Taxes shall have the meaning given to such term in Section 5.10 . 

Transition
Services Agreement shall mean a Transition Services Agreement between Seller and Purchaser to be executed in connection to
Closing in the form attached hereto as Exhibit G . 

1.2
Interpretation. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms defined in this Article 1 shall have the meanings herein
specified for all purposes of this Agreement, applicable to both the singular and plural forms of any of the terms defined herein. When
a reference is made in this Agreement to Sections, such reference shall be to a Section of this Agreement unless otherwise indicated.
Whenever the words include, includes or including are used in this Agreement, they shall be
deemed to be followed by the words without limitation. The word or shall be inclusive. All references to
 or dollars shall be deemed references to United States dollars. 

ARTICLE
2. PURCHASE AND SALE OF PURCHASED ASSETS 

2.1
Purchased Assets. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Closing, Seller shall sell, convey, transfer, assign
and deliver to Purchaser, and Purchaser shall purchase and acquire from Seller, all of Seller s right, title and interest in and
to the following assets, properties, leases, rights, claims, and Contracts related to the Business (except as set forth in Section
2.2 (collectively, the Purchased Assets ): 

(a)
other than any Excluded Asset, all personal property and equipment and interests therein related to the Business; 

(b)
all books and records necessary to operate the Business (or in the case of any such books and records that are not exclusively used in
the Business, a copy of such books and records); 

(c)
all goodwill and other intangible properties related to the Business; 

(d)
all inventory and raw materials related to the Business; 

(e)
all Proprietary Rights related to the Business and the Business Names (collectively, the Acquired Intellectual Property ); 

8 

(f)
all rights of Seller under the Assumed Contracts; and 

(g)
all rights (including rights of recovery, rights of set off and rights of recoupment), claims, credits, defenses, causes of action (including
counterclaims), choses in action and all other rights to bring any Action at law or in equity or to the extent arising out of or relating
to any Purchased Asset or any Assumed Liability. 

2.2
Excluded Assets. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Seller shall retain all of its right, title and interest in and
to, and shall not transfer or sell to Purchaser any of the following assets or rights (collectively, the Excluded Assets ): 

(a)
any accounts, notes and other receivables (including unbilled receivables); 

(b)
cash and cash equivalents; 

(c)
all checkbooks, bank deposits, bank accounts, deposit accounts, investment accounts and related assets; 

(d)
any Tax assets (including any refunds, rebates or credits or similar benefits) of Seller or its Affiliates; 

(e)
Seller s corporate resolutions and minutes; and 

(f)
any rights of Seller under this Agreement or the Transaction Documents. 

2.3
Assumed Liabilities. On and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Purchaser agrees to assume and become responsible
for the Assumed Liabilities as of the Closing. Purchaser shall not assume or have any responsibility with respect to any liability of
Seller that is not an Assumed Liability. Assumed Liabilities means the following Liabilities: 

(a)
all Liabilities with respect to performance obligations following the Closing and payments becoming due and payable following the Closing
under the Contracts listed on Schedule 2.3(a) (the Assumed Contracts ); 

(b)
all Negative Working Capital Items (including the value as of the Closing Date of all unredeemed gift card amounts for gift cards sold
commencing January 1, 2020 through Closing, and all Liabilities related to accrued but unused vacation days or other paid time off with
respect to each Business Employee who accepts the offer of employment from Purchaser or any of its Affiliates, the amounts of which as
of the Effective Date are listed on Schedule 2.3(b) , but the final amount of which will be as provided on the Preliminary Closing
Statement and adjusted pursuant to the finally determined Reconciliation Statement as provided in Section 2.6 below); and 

(c)
all Post-Closing Liabilities. 

9 

2.4
Excluded Liabilities. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Seller shall maintain sole responsibility of, and solely shall
retain, pay, perform, and discharge, the following liabilities of Seller, and Purchaser shall not assume, any of the following Liabilities
(collectively, the Excluded Liabilities ): 

(a)
any Liability for Taxes, including (i) any Taxes arising as a result of Seller s operation of the Business or ownership of the
Purchased Assets prior to the Closing, (ii) any Taxes that will arise as a result of the sale of the Purchased Assets pursuant to this
Agreement, (iii) any employment Taxes paid or to be paid by Seller for any reason whatsoever, and (iv) any deferred Taxes of any nature; 

(b)
any Liability under any Contract that is not an Assumed Contract, including any Liability arising out of or relating to Seller s
credit facilities or any security interest related thereto; 

(c)
any Liabilities under any Environmental Laws arising out of or relating to the operation of Seller s business or Seller s
leasing, ownership or operation of the Leased Real Property prior to the Closing; 

(d)
any Liability under any employee benefit plans or relating to payroll, workers compensation, unemployment benefits, pension benefits,
employee stock option or profit-sharing plans, health care plans or benefits or any other employee plans or benefits of any kind for
Seller s employees or former employees or both, including any Liability with respect to the payment of bonuses for any reason; 

(e)
any Liability under any employment, severance, retention or termination agreement with any employee of Seller or any of its Affiliates; 

(f)
any Liability arising out of or relating to any employee grievance whether or not the affected employees are hired by Purchaser; 

(g)
any Liability of Seller to any shareholder or Affiliate of the Seller, other than Liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(h)
any Liability to indemnify, reimburse or advance amounts to any officer, director, employee or agent of Seller, other than Liabilities
incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(i)
any Liability to distribute to any of Seller s shareholders or otherwise apply all or any part of the consideration received hereunder; 

(j)
any Liability arising out of any Proceeding pending as of the Closing; 

(k)
any Liability arising out of any Proceeding commenced after the Closing and arising out of or relating to any occurrence or event happening
prior to the Closing; 

(l)
any Liability arising out of or resulting from Seller s compliance or noncompliance with any Law or Order of any Governmental Authority; 

(m)
any Liability of Seller related to the lease agreements for the Leased Real Property with respect to the period prior to Closing; 

10 

(n)
any Liability of Seller under this Agreement or any other document executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby,
including any Liability of Seller for expenses incurred by Seller or its Affiliates in connection with this Agreement and any Liability
of Seller for any bonuses, commissions, or incentive payments paid or payable to any Person by reason of the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby; 

(o)
any Liability of Seller based upon Seller s acts or omissions occurring after the Closing; 

(p)
each brokerage or similar payment described on Schedule 3.12 ; and 

(q)
Liabilities arising under Assumed Contracts as a result of any breach of such Assumed Contracts occurring prior to the Closing (excluding
any breach of such Assumed Contracts occurring on the Closing Date as a result of any assignment of such Assumed Contract in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby without any required counterparty consent), or any related charge, complaint, action, suit,
proceeding, hearing, investigation, claim or demand. 

2.5
Purchase Price; Deposit; Payment of Closing Purchase Price. 

(a)
 Purchase Price . In consideration of Seller s sale of the Purchased Assets to Purchaser, Purchaser will assume the Assumed
Liabilities and will pay to Seller an amount equal to (i) 3,750,000, plus (ii) the Positive Working Capital Items, less (iii) the Negative
Working Capital Items (the Purchase Price ). 

(b)
 Deposit . On the Effective Date, Purchaser shall pay to Seller 250,000.00 by wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance
with the wire transfer instructions delivered to Purchaser by Seller (the Deposit ). The Deposit shall be applied
against the Closing Purchase Price at Closing. 

(c)
 Payment of Closing Purchase Price . No later than five (5) Business Days prior to Closing, Seller will deliver to Purchaser a statement
with estimates of the Positive Working Capital Items and Negative Working Capital Items (the Preliminary Closing Statement ).
At Closing, Seller shall pay to Purchaser an estimate of the Purchase Price based on the amounts in the Preliminary Closing Statement
(the Closing Purchase Price as follows: (i) application of the Deposit; (ii) cash of 1,000,000.00 by wire transfer
of immediately available funds in accordance with the wire transfer instructions delivered to Purchaser by Seller on the Closing Date;
and (iii) the balance in the form of the Promissory Note. 

2.6
Working Capital Purchase Price Adjustment. 

(a)
 Reconciliation Statement . No later than forty-five (45) days following Closing, Purchaser shall deliver to Seller a statement
with the following: (i) a calculation of any amount by which the Closing Inventory varied from the amount shown in the Preliminary Closing
Statement, together with documentation demonstrating such variation; (ii) a calculation of any amount by which the Closing Cash varied
from the amount shown in the Preliminary Closing Statement, together with documentation demonstrating such variation; (iii) a calculation
of any amount by which the Closing Prepaids varied from the amount shown on the Preliminary Closing Statement, with all necessary documents
and calculations supporting such variation; and (iv) a calculation of any amount by which the Negative Working Capital Items varied from
the amount shown on the Preliminary Closing Statement, together with documents and calculations supporting such variation (the Reconciliation
Statement ). 

11 

(b)
 Objections . Following the receipt by Seller of the Reconciliation Statement, Purchaser shall permit Seller and its representatives
to have reasonable access during normal business hours to the books, records and other documents pertaining to or used in connection
with preparation of the Reconciliation Statement. On or prior to the thirtieth (30th) day after Seller s receipt of the Reconciliation
Statement, Seller may give Purchaser a written notice stating in reasonable detail any objections (an Objection Notice to any amount in the Reconciliation Statement. Any Objection Notice shall specify in reasonable detail the dollar amount of the objection
and the basis therefor. Except to the extent Seller makes an objection to a specific determination set forth in the Reconciliation Statement
pursuant to an Objection Notice delivered to Purchaser within such thirty (30) day period, Purchaser s calculation in the Reconciliation
Statement shall be final and binding upon the parties. 

(c)
 Dispute . If Seller gives a timely Objection Notice as described in Section 2.6(b) above, then Purchaser and Seller shall
negotiate in good faith to resolve their disputes. If Purchaser and Seller are unable to resolve all disputes on or prior to the thirtieth
(30th) day after the delivery of the Objection Notice, then Purchaser and Seller shall, within five (5) business days thereafter, retain
the Dallas office of Grant Thornton or other accounting firm mutually agreed to by Purchaser and Seller (provided no such accounting
firm shall have any existing or past relationship with Seller or Purchaser) (the Firm ), and shall instruct the Firm
to resolve the dispute as soon as practicable, and in any event within thirty (30) days. The Firm shall only decide the specific items
under dispute by the parties (the Disputed Items ), solely in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, it being
understood that in making such decision, the Firm shall be functioning as an expert and not as an arbitrator. In resolving any Disputed
Item, the Firm may not assign a value to any item greater than the greatest value for such item claimed by either party or less than
the smallest value for such item claimed by either party. The Firm s determination shall be based solely on presentations by Purchaser
and Seller (i.e., not on independent review) and on the definitions and other terms included herein. With respect to the Closing Inventory
and the Closing Cash, the amounts in the Preliminary Closing Statement shall be presumptively correct, unless clear evidence of a variation
is presented. The determination of the Disputed Items, as determined by the Firm, shall absent manifest error be final and binding upon
the parties hereto and the Reconciliation Statement shall be adjusted accordingly. The fees and expenses of the Firm (i) shall be borne
by Seller, in the proportion that the aggregate dollar amount of Disputed Items submitted thereto for resolution that are unsuccessfully
disputed by Seller (as finally determined by the Firm) bears to the aggregate dollar amount of such submitted Disputed Items and (ii)
shall be borne by Purchaser in the proportion that the aggregate dollar amount of Disputed Items submitted thereto for resolution that
are successfully disputed by Seller (as finally determined by the Firm) bears to the aggregate dollar amount of such submitted Disputed
Items. Purchaser and Seller and their respective agents shall cooperate with the Firm during its engagement and as promptly as practicable
provide all documents and information reasonably requested by the Firm. 

12 

(d)
 Purchase Price Adjustment . To the extent the Purchase Price, as determined with respect to the finally determined Reconciliation
Statement as described above, is greater than or less than the Closing Purchase Price, then within ten (10) days of the final determination
of all items in the Reconciliation Statement as provided above, Purchaser shall deliver to Seller an amended and restated Promissory
Note to reflect such difference. 

2.7
Closing. On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, the closing of the transactions contemplated hereby
(the Closing shall take place remotely via the exchange of documents and signatures on (a) February 13, 2023, provided
that all conditions to Closing set forth in Article 6 (other than conditions that by their terms are to be satisfied at Closing
but subject to the satisfaction or waiver (to the extent permitted by Law) of such conditions) are satisfied or waived as of such date,
(b) if such conditions are not met on or before the first Business Day following the thirtieth (30) day following the date hereof, on
the date that is the third Business Day following the satisfaction or waiver (to the extent permitted by Law) of all conditions set forth
in Article 6 (other than conditions that by their terms are to be satisfied at Closing but subject to the satisfaction or waiver
of such conditions), or (c) on such other date as the Parties may agree (the Closing Date ). All actions to be taken
and all documents to be executed or delivered at Closing will be deemed to have been taken, executed and delivered simultaneously, and
no action will be deemed taken and no document will be deemed executed or delivered until all have been taken, delivered and executed,
except in each case to the extent otherwise stated in this Agreement or any such other document. Closing shall be deemed effective as
of 12:01 a.m. central time on the Closing Date. 

(a)
 Purchaser Closing Deliveries . At or prior to the Closing: 

(i) 
 Purchaser
 shall deliver to Seller the Purchase Price, including the Promissory Note, duly executed by Purchaser and Amergent Hospitality Group
 Inc.; 

(ii) 
 Purchaser
 shall deliver to Seller the Guaranty, duly executed by Amergent Hospitality Group Inc.; 

(iii) 
 Purchaser
 shall deliver to Seller copies of each other Transaction Document duly executed by Purchaser; 

(iv) 
 Purchaser
 shall deliver to Seller a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, duly executed by the Secretary, Assistant Secretary or any other
 executive officer of Purchaser certifying, among other things, that attached or appended to such certificate: (A) is a true and correct
 copy of the Purchaser s organizational documents, and all amendments thereto; and (B) is a true copy of all corporate actions
 taken by it, including resolutions of its board of directors authorizing the consummation of the Acquisition and the execution, delivery
 and performance of this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to be delivered by Purchaser pursuant hereto; 

(v) 
 Purchaser
 shall deliver to Seller the certificate required by Section 6.2(c) ; and 

13 

(vi) 
 Purchaser
 shall deliver to Seller such other documents and instruments as may be reasonably requested by Seller to consummate the Acquisition
 and to carry out the obligations of the Parties hereunder. 

(b)
 Seller Closing Deliveries . At or prior to the Closing: 

(i) 
 Seller
 shall deliver to Purchaser a certificate, dated as of the Closing Date, duly executed by the Secretary, Assistant Secretary or any
 other executive officer of Seller certifying, among other things, that attached or appended to such certificate: (A) is a true and
 correct copy of Seller s organizational documents, and all amendments thereto; and (B) is a true copy of all corporate actions
 taken by it, including resolutions of its board of directors authorizing the consummation of the Acquisition and the execution, delivery
 and performance of this Agreement and each of the Transaction Documents to be delivered by Seller pursuant hereto; 

(ii) 
 Seller
 shall deliver to Purchaser copies of each Transaction Document to which it is a party, duly executed by Seller; 

(iii) 
 Seller
 shall deliver to Purchaser all material records and documentation of Seller relating exclusively to the Purchased Assets; 

(iv) 
 Seller
 shall deliver to Purchaser possession of the Purchased Assets; 

(v) 
 Seller
 shall deliver to Purchaser a non-foreign affidavit dated as of the Closing Date, in form and substance required under Treasury Regulations
 issued pursuant to Code 1445, stating that Seller is not a foreign person as defined in Code 1445; 

(vi) 
 Seller
 shall deliver to Purchaser the certificate required by Section 6.1(c) ; and 

(vii) 
 Seller
 shall deliver to Purchaser such other documents and instruments as may be reasonably requested by Purchaser to consummate the Acquisition
 and to carry out the obligations of the Parties hereunder. 

2.8
Transfer Taxes. Seller and Purchaser agree to cooperate in securing any available exemptions from any Transfer Taxes (including any
bulk sales Taxes) on the transfer of the Purchased Assets hereunder. 

14 

2.9
Assignment of Assets. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent that any sale, conveyance, transfer
or assignment of any Purchased Assets, or any claim, right or benefit arising thereunder or resulting therefrom (collectively, the Interests contemplated hereunder is not permitted by applicable Law or the terms of the Contract governing such Interest or is not permitted without
the consent of any Person which consent has not been obtained at or prior to the Closing, this Agreement shall not be deemed to constitute
a sale, conveyance, transfer or assignment of any such Interest unless and until such Interest (a Retained Interest can be sold, conveyed, transferred or assigned or such consent is obtained, at which time such Retained Interest shall be deemed to be
sold, conveyed, transferred and assigned in accordance with the provisions hereunder, subject to any condition or provision contained
in such consent, whereupon it shall cease to be a Retained Interest. While any such Interest is a Retained Interest, Seller and Purchaser
shall, subject to Section 5.11 and for a period not to exceed 90 days after the Closing Date, cooperate in a mutually agreeable
arrangement under which Purchaser shall obtain the benefits and assume the obligations associated with, and shall indemnify Seller for
Losses during such period after the Closing Date relating to, each Retained Interest. 

ARTICLE
3. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER 

Seller
hereby represents and warrants to Purchaser, except as set forth in the Disclosure Schedules, that: 

3.1
Organization and Qualification. Seller is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the
State of Texas and has all requisite power and authority, corporate or otherwise, to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry
on its business as it is now being conducted. Seller is duly qualified or licensed to do business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction
where the character of the properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of its business makes such qualification or licensing
necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified, licensed or in good standing has not had a Material Adverse Effect. Seller s
organizational documents are in full force and effect. Seller is not in material violation of any of the provisions of its organizational
documents that would adversely affect (a) the Purchased Assets, (b) the Acquisition, or (c) the other transactions contemplated by the
Transaction Documents. 

3.2
Authority Relative to this Agreement. Seller has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the
Acquisition. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by Seller and the consummation
by Seller of the Acquisition have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action of Seller, and no other corporate
proceedings or action on the part of Seller or any holders of Seller s capital stock or other security holders are necessary to
authorize this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents or to consummate the Acquisition. This Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents have been duly executed and delivered by Seller, and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the other parties
hereto or thereto, each such agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Seller, enforceable against Seller in accordance
with its terms, except to the extent enforceability may be limited by any Enforcement Limitation. 

15 

3.3
No Conflict. Assuming that all consents and other actions described in Section 3.4 have been obtained, and except as may result
from any facts or circumstances relating solely to Purchaser or its Affiliates, the execution, delivery and performance by Seller of
this Agreement and the Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby will not: (a) conflict
with or violate or constitute a default under any provision of its organizational documents or any resolutions adopted by its board of
directors or stockholders; (b) conflict with or violate or result in a breach of or default under any provision of any Law or Order applicable
to Seller or by which any of the Purchased Assets or Seller is subject, bound or affected in any respect; (c) to the Knowledge of Seller,
result in any breach of or constitute a default (or an event which with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both could reasonably
be expected to become a default) under, require notice or other action by any Person under, or give to others any right of termination,
amendment, acceleration, consent, notice or cancellation pursuant to any Assumed Contract; or (d) result in the creation of a Lien on
any of the Purchased Assets other than a Permitted Lien; except where such a breach, violation, default, conflict or right under clauses
(b) through (d) above has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.4
Filings and Consents. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by Seller does not, and the
performance by Seller of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation of the Acquisition will not, require any consent,
approval, exemption, authorization or permit of, or filing by Seller with or notification by Seller to, any Person or Governmental Authority,
except (a) as set forth on Schedule 3.4 , or (b) to the extent that the failure to obtain any such consent or to take any such
action or make such filing or notification will not result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

3.5
Financial Statements. Copies of Seller s income statement for the year-ended December 31, 2021, balance sheet as of December
31, 2021, year-to-date income statement for the portion of 2022 ending July 31, 2022, and balance sheet as of July 31, 2022 (the Seller
Financial Statements are attached hereto as Exhibit C . The Seller Financial Statements are based on the books and
records of Seller, and fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of Seller as of the respective dates they were
prepared and the results of the operations of Seller for the periods indicated. Seller maintains a standard system of accounting and
Seller Financial Statements are prepared and kept in accordance with Seller s customary accounting principles. 

3.6
Intellectual Property. Seller is the sole and exclusive owner of, and has good, valid and marketable title to (free and clear of
all Liens, other than Permitted Liens), or has a valid, enforceable and transferable license to make, use or sell the Acquired Intellectual
Property. Schedule 3.6 lists each registered Trademark and Copyright comprising the Acquired Intellectual Property. To the Knowledge
of Seller, (i) the Proprietary Rights used by Seller in the conduct of the Business as it is currently conducted and has been conducted
within the last three years do not infringe upon, misappropriate, or otherwise violate any Proprietary Rights of any third party and 

 (ii)
no third party is infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the Proprietary Rights of Seller. 

3.7
Environmental and Safety Matters. To the Knowledge of Seller, Seller is and has been since January 1, 2019 in compliance in all material
respects with applicable Environmental Laws in connection with the operation of the Business and the Purchased Assets. Seller has not
received written notice of (and, to the Knowledge of Seller, none of the Leased Real Property is subject to) any pending Action, notice
of material violation, infraction or Liability, or any pending claim, citation, complaint, order, request for information or notice from
(or any agreement with) any Person respecting any actual or alleged Release of Hazardous Materials by Seller relating to the Business,
or any actual, potential, or alleged violation of, non-compliance with, or Liability under any Environmental Law by Seller relating to
the Business. 

16 

3.8
Compliance with Laws. To the Knowledge of Seller, Seller is not, in any material respect, and has not been since January 1, 2019,
in any material respect, in conflict with, or in default or violation of, or in receipt of any written notice alleging any conflict,
default or violation of, any: (a) order, judgment, preliminary or permanent injunction, temporary restraining order, award, citation,
decree, consent decree or writ (collectively, Orders of any Governmental Authority; or (b) Laws of any Governmental
Authority. 

3.9
Assets. Seller is the sole and exclusive owner of and has title to all of the Purchased Assets that are not leased, free and clear
of all Liens other than Permitted Liens. The Bill of Sale and Assumption Agreement and the endorsements, assignments and other instruments
to be executed and delivered by Seller to Purchaser at the Closing will effectively transfer to Purchaser good, valid and marketable
title to, and ownership of, the Purchased Assets free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens. Except as set forth on Schedule
3.9 , the Purchased Assets include all of the material tangible and intangible assets, properties and rights, of any nature whatsoever,
used by Seller primarily in the Business. None of the Purchased Assets are located outside the United States. Except as set forth on
 Schedule 3.9 , the Purchased Assets will, taking into account all Transaction Documents, constitute in all material respects all
of the assets, rights and properties necessary to conduct the Business as presently conducted immediately following the Closing. 

3.10
Claims and Proceedings. There is no outstanding Order of any Governmental Authority against or involving Seller with respect to the
Business, the Purchased Assets or the transactions contemplated hereby. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.10 , there is no Action
pending or, to the Knowledge of Seller, threatened against Seller, or to which Seller is otherwise a party, before any Governmental Authority,
with respect to or related to the Business, the Purchased Assets or the transactions contemplated hereby. 

3.11
Contracts. Other than the Assumed Contracts, neither Seller nor any of its Affiliates is a party to any Contract that is material
to the Business or the Purchased Assets. Seller is not in default under, and to the Knowledge of Seller, no event has occurred which,
with the giving of notice or the passage of time or both, would constitute a default by any party to, any Assumed Contract. Seller has
not, and to the Knowledge of Seller, no other party thereto has, repudiated any material provision of any Assumed Contract. Each of the
Assumed Contracts is in full force and effect, and is valid and enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforcement
Limitations. 

3.12
No Broker. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.12 , Seller has not employed any broker, finder or agent or incurred and will
not incur, any obligation or liability to any broker, finder or agent with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

17 

3.13
Taxes and Tax Returns. Seller has filed all material Tax Returns it was required to file in respect of the Business and the Purchased
Assets and all such Tax Returns are true, correct and complete in all material respects. Seller has paid to the appropriate Governmental
Authority all material Taxes owed by Seller with respect to the Business and the Purchased Assets. Seller has not received any written
claim with respect to the Business from an authority in a jurisdiction where Seller does not file Tax Returns that Seller is or may be
subject to taxation by that jurisdiction as a result of the activities conducted by the Business. There are no Liens (other than Permitted
Liens) on any of the Purchased Assets that arose in connection with any failure to pay any Tax. With respect to the Business, Seller
has complied in all material respects with all applicable Laws relating to the withholding and payment of any Taxes and has timely withheld
and paid to the proper Governmental Authorities all amounts required to have been withheld and paid in connection with amounts paid or
owing to any employee, independent contractor, creditor, shareholder or any other third party. Seller has not deferred any applicable
employment taxes (as defined in Section 2302(d)(1) of the CARES Act) in respect of calendar year 2020 pursuant to Section 2302
of the CARES Act, which Taxes would otherwise have been payable by Seller in respect of calendar year 2020 but for the application of
the CARES Act, and Seller has not received any Small Business Administration Paycheck Protection Program loans that have not, as of the
Closing Date, been forgiven in full. Schedule 3.13 lists all CARES Act or similar types of governmental assistance received by
Seller as of the Closing Date, including but not limited to Paycheck Protection Program loans, ERTC credits, EIDL loans, and RRF grants,
and applicable forgiveness date for each. 

3.14
Real Property. Schedule 3.14 identifies each parcel of Leased Real Property. Seller has furnished to Purchaser true and complete
copies of each Real Property Lease. To the Knowledge of Seller: (a) subject to any Enforcement Limitations, each Real Property Lease
is a valid and binding obligation on Seller and, to the Knowledge of Seller, each other party thereto and is in full force and effect;
(b) there is no material breach or material default under any Real Property Lease by Seller or any other party thereto; and (c) Seller
has a good and valid leasehold interest in each Leased Real Property to which it is either the tenant or licensee named under the Real
Property Lease, free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens). 

3.15
Employees. Schedule 3.15 sets forth, with respect to each Business Employee as of January 1, 2023: (a) the name, title and
classification of each employee as exempt/nonexempt under the federal Fair Labor Standards Act and full-time/part-time (with full-time
being any employee regularly scheduled to work 30 or more hours per week); (b) each employee s current annualized base compensation;
(c) whether the employee is receiving workers compensation or disability payments or is on leave or other inactive status (other
than ordinary use of vacation or similar paid time off), the reason therefor and the expected end date of such status; and (d) accrued
but unused vacation days or other paid time off. Other than the Business Employees, no other employee of Seller is exclusively involved
in the Business. Seller is and at all relevant times has been in compliance in all material respects with COVID-19 related safety and
health Laws issued and enforced by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and with the paid and unpaid leave requirements
of the Families First Coronavirus Response Act; and to the extent Seller has granted employees paid sick leave or paid family leave under
the Families First Coronavirus Response Act, Seller has taken commercially reasonable efforts to obtain and retain all material documentation
required to substantiate eligibility for sick leave or family leave tax credits pursuant to applicable Law to the extent the time limit
to obtain or receive such substantiation has not lapsed. To the extent Seller has Knowledge of any Business Employees or independent
contractors who have tested positive for COVID-19, Seller has taken commercially reasonable efforts to take all material precautions
required under applicable Law with respect to such Business Employees and independent contractors. Seller has also used commercially
reasonable efforts to document any such diagnosis to the extent required by Laws of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration.
As of the Closing Date, Seller has not implemented, in response to COVID-19, any material workforce reductions, material reductions in
or material changes to compensation or to Company Plans, nor has Seller applied for or received loans or payments under the Coronavirus
Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, as signed into law by the President of the United States on March 27, 2020 (the CARES
Act ), claimed any tax credits under the CARES Act, or deferred any Taxes under the CARES Act except as set forth on Schedule
3.13 . 

18 

3.16
Employee Benefit Plans. Schedule 3.16 sets forth all Company Plans in effect as of Closing. To the Knowledge of Seller, each
 employee benefit plan (within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA), and any severance, change in control, employment or
retention plan, program or agreement, vacation, incentive, bonus, stock option and restricted stock, profit sharing, retirement, deferred
compensation or other material benefit plan, program, policy, agreement or arrangement sponsored, maintained or contributed to by Seller,
in which any Business Employee participates (collectively, the Company Plans has been established, operated and
administered in all material respects in accordance with its terms, ERISA, the Code and all other applicable Law. Each of the Company
Plans intended to be qualified within the meaning of Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination
letter from the IRS (or is maintained on a preapproved plan document that has received an opinion or advisory letter), and nothing has
occurred that would reasonably be expected to adversely affect such qualification. 

3.17
Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Since January 1, 2022, there has not occurred any Material Adverse Effect. Except as contemplated
by this Agreement, since January 1, 2022 (a) Seller has conducted the Business in the Ordinary Course of Business, and (b) there has
not occurred any change, impact, event, effect, circumstance or development (or combination of the foregoing) that would, or would reasonably
be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, materially impair or delay the ability of Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated
by, or to perform its obligations under, the Transaction Agreements. 

3.18
Permits. Schedule 3.18 sets forth all material governmental permits (including all licenses, regulatory consents, franchises,
permits, privileges, immunities, approvals and other authorizations of any Governmental Authority) (the Permits Seller owns, holds or possesses, in respect of the Business, which are necessary to entitle Seller to own or lease, operate or use the
Purchased Assets or to carry on and conduct the Business as currently conducted. To the Knowledge of Seller, there is no suit, action,
proceeding, investigation, complaint, claim, charge or Order threatening to revoke, modify or otherwise fail to renew any Permit. To
the Knowledge of Seller, Seller is in compliance in all material respects with each Permit. 

3.19
No Additional Representations. Except as expressly set forth in this Article 3 , Seller makes no other express or implied representations
or warranties and hereby disclaims any additional representation or warranty. 

19 

3.20
No Additional Purchaser Representations Seller acknowledges and agrees that, except for the representations and warranties explicitly
made by Purchaser in Article 4 , neither Purchaser nor any other Person makes any express or implied representation or warranty
with respect to Purchaser or its assets, operations, Liabilities, condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of any of the foregoing,
and Purchaser hereby disclaims any such other representations or warranties. In particular, without limiting the foregoing, Seller acknowledges
and agrees that except for the representations and warranties made by Purchaser in Article 4 , neither Purchaser nor any other
Person makes or has made any representation or warranty to Seller or any of its Representatives, with respect to any oral or written
information furnished or made available to Seller or any of its Representatives in the course of their due diligence investigation of
Purchaser, the negotiation of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the accuracy, completeness
or currency thereof, and neither Purchaser nor any other Person shall have any Liability to Seller or any other Person in respect of
such information, including any subsequent use of such information, except in the case of Fraud in the making of any representation or
warranty under Article 4 . 

ARTICLE
4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER 

Purchaser
hereby represents and warrants to Seller that: 

4.1
Formation and Qualification. Purchaser is a limited liability company duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under
the Laws of the State of Texas and has all requisite power and authority to own, lease and operate its properties and to carry on its
business as it is now being conducted. Purchaser is duly qualified or licensed to do business, and is in good standing, in each jurisdiction
where the character of the properties owned, leased or operated by it or the nature of its business makes such qualification or licensing
necessary. 

4.2
Authority Relative to this Agreement. Purchaser has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the
other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate the Acquisition.
The execution and delivery of this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents, as applicable, by Purchaser and the consummation
by Purchaser of the Acquisition have been duly and validly authorized by all necessary corporate action, and no other proceedings on
the part of Purchaser are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the Acquisition. This Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents have been or will be duly executed and delivered by Purchaser, as applicable, and, assuming the due authorization, execution
and delivery by the other parties hereto and thereto, each such agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Purchaser,
enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with its terms. 

4.3
No Conflict. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by Purchaser does not, and the performance
by Purchaser of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation of the Acquisition will not: (a) conflict with or violate
any provision of Purchaser s organizational documents, each as amended to date, or any resolutions adopted by its board of directors,
managing director or stockholders; (b) conflict with or violate any Law or Order applicable to Purchaser or by which Purchaser is bound
or affected; or (c) conflict with, result in a breach of, constitute a default (or event which with the giving of notice or lapse of
time or both would become a default) under, require any consent under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration,
suspension, revocation or cancellation of, any note, bond, mortgage or indenture, agreement, lease, sublease, license, permit, franchise
or other instrument or arrangement to which Purchaser is a party or pursuant to which its property or assets are bound, except in each
case as would not materially and adversely affect the ability of Purchaser to carry out its obligations under, and to consummate the
transactions contemplated by, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. 

20 

4.4
Required Filings and Consents. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by Purchaser, as
applicable, do not, and the performance by Purchaser of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and the consummation of the Acquisition
will not, require any consent, approval, exemption, authorization or permit of, or filing by Purchaser with or notification by Purchaser
to, any Governmental Authority. 

4.5
No Broker. Purchaser has not employed any broker, finder or agent or incurred and will not incur any obligation or liability to any
broker, finder or agent with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. 

4.6
Availability of Funds. Following the Closing, Purchaser will have available cash or available borrowing capacity under committed
borrowing facilities sufficient to enable Purchaser to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to carry on the Business in
the Ordinary Course of Business following the Acquisition, including as required to discharge the Assumed Liabilities. Purchaser s
obligations hereunder are not contingent upon procuring any financing. 

4.7
Litigation. There is no Action, by or before any Governmental Authority or arbitrator, pending or, to the Knowledge of Purchaser,
threatened that, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Purchaser s ability
to consummate the Acquisition or the other transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 

4.8
Independent Investigation. Purchaser has performed an independent investigation, examination, analysis and verification of the business,
assets, liabilities, operations and financial condition of Seller, including Purchaser s own estimate of the value of the Business
and the Purchased Assets. Purchaser has had the opportunity to visit with Seller and meet with representatives of the Business to discuss
the foregoing matters. All materials and information requested by Purchaser have been provided to Purchaser to its reasonable satisfaction.
Purchaser has performed the due diligence Purchaser deems adequate regarding all matters relating to this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the Transaction Documents. In connection with the foregoing, Purchaser and its representatives have received certain
estimates, budgets, forecasts, plans and financial projections. There are uncertainties inherent in such forward-looking statements,
and Purchaser is familiar with such uncertainties. Purchaser is taking full responsibility for making its own evaluation of, and hereby
assumes all risks regarding, the adequacy and accuracy of such forward-looking statements (including the reasonableness of the assumptions
upon which they are based). 

4.9
Solvency. After giving effect to the Closing and the Acquisition, Purchaser will be able to pay its debts as they become due and
shall own property which has a fair market value greater than the amounts required to pay its debts (including a reasonable estimate
of the amount of all contingent liabilities). Immediately after giving effect to the Acquisition, Purchaser shall have adequate capital
to carry on their business (including the Business). No transfer of property is being made and no obligation is being incurred in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby with the intent to hinder, delay or defraud any of Purchaser s or its Affiliates 
current or future creditors. 

21 

4.10
No Additional Representations. Except as expressly set forth in this Article 4 , Purchaser makes no other express or implied
representations or warranties and hereby disclaims any additional representation or warranty. 

4.11
No Additional Seller Representations Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that, except for the representations and warranties explicitly
made by Seller in Article 3 , neither Seller nor any other Person makes any express or implied representation or warranty with
respect to Seller, the Business, Seller s assets (including the Purchased Assets), operations, Liabilities (including the Assumed
Liabilities), condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects of any of the foregoing, and Seller hereby disclaims any such other representations
or warranties. In particular, without limiting the foregoing, Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that except for the representations and
warranties made by Seller in Article 3 , neither Seller nor any other Person makes or has made any representation or warranty to
Purchaser or any of its Representatives, with respect to any oral or written information furnished or made available to Purchaser or
any of its Representatives in the course of their due diligence investigation of the Business and the Purchased Assets, the negotiation
of this Agreement or the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the accuracy, completeness or currency thereof,
and neither Seller nor any other Person shall have any Liability to Purchaser or any other Person in respect of such information, including
any subsequent use of such information, except in the case of Fraud in the making of any representation or warranty under Article
3 . 

ARTICLE
5. COVENANTS 

5.1
Conduct of Business. Except for matters required by applicable Law, expressly permitted by this Agreement, or as otherwise consented
to in writing by Purchaser (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), from the date hereof to the Closing
Date (or until the earlier termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 7.1 ), Seller will conduct the Business in
the Ordinary Course of Business in all material respects. 

5.2
Efforts to Consummate Closing. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, each of the Parties shall
use its commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and
cooperate with the other Party in doing, all things necessary to fulfill all conditions applicable to such Party pursuant to this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents and to consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious manner reasonably practicable (and
in any event prior to the End Date), the Closing, the Acquisition and the other transactions contemplated hereby, including (a) obtaining
all necessary consents required to be obtained by such party as a condition to Closing (provided, however, that no Party shall be required
to pay any consideration therefor); (b) obtaining all necessary actions or non-actions, waivers, consents, qualifications and approvals
from Governmental Authorities and making all necessary registrations, filings and notifications and taking all steps as may be necessary
to obtain an approval, expiration or termination of any waiting period, clearance, non-action letter, waiver or exemption from any Governmental
Authority; (c) defending any lawsuits or other legal proceedings, whether judicial or administrative, challenging this Agreement or the
consummation of the Acquisition or other transactions contemplated hereby, including seeking to have any stay or temporary restraining
order entered by any court or other Governmental Authority vacated or reversed; and (d) executing and delivering any additional documents
or instruments necessary to consummate the Acquisition and the other transactions contemplated hereby and to carry out this Agreement
and the Transaction Documents. 

22 

5.3
Pre-Closing Access From the date hereof through Closing, so long as this Agreement remains in effect, Seller will afford Purchaser
and its Representatives reasonable access, during normal business hours and upon reasonable prior notice, to the facilities, personnel,
and books and records of Seller. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Seller shall not be required to disclose any information to Purchaser
if such disclosure would be reasonably likely to: (i) cause competitive harm to Seller if the Acquisition is not consummated; (ii) jeopardize
any attorney- client or other legal privilege; or (iii) contravene any applicable Law, fiduciary duty or binding Contract entered into
prior to the date hereof. 

5.4
Contact. Until the Closing Date, none of Purchaser, its Affiliates or their Representatives shall contact or communicate with the
customers, suppliers, vendors, employees, contractors or consultants of Seller in connection with the Acquisition or the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, or the operation of the Business without the prior written consent of Seller. 

5.5
Confidentiality; Publicity. 

(a)
 Confidentiality . For a period of two years from and after the date hereof, subject to the provisions of Section 5.5(c) ,
(i) the Parties shall, and shall cause their respective Representatives and Affiliates to, treat and hold as confidential, and not disclose
to any Person, information related to the discussions and negotiations among the Parties regarding this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby; and (ii) Purchaser shall, and shall cause its Representatives and Affiliates to, treat and hold as confidential,
and not disclose to any Person, any confidential information which was obtained in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby relating to Seller or Seller s business or assets (other than, after the Closing, confidential information
relating exclusively to the Business, the Purchased Assets or the Assumed Liabilities). Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein
shall prohibit Seller from retaining information related to the Business, the Purchased Assets and the Assumed Liabilities in accordance
with its document retention policies. If this Agreement is, for any reason, terminated prior to Closing, the provisions of this Section
5.5 shall survive and remain in full force and effect. 

(b)
 Public Announcements . Except as stated in this Section 5.5(b) , each Party will not, and each Party will cause each of its
Representatives and Affiliates not to, make any public release or announcement regarding this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated
hereby without the prior written approval of Purchaser and Seller (which will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).
Seller and Purchaser will cooperate with each other in issuing, promptly upon both Effective Date and Closing Date, a joint press release
that announces the Acquisition. 

23 

(c)
 Certain Permitted Disclosures . Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 5.5 will prevent any of the following
at any time: 

(i) 
 a
 Party or any of its Representatives or Affiliates disclosing any information to the extent required under applicable Law or under
 the rules and regulations of any national securities exchange (to the extent such party or any of its Affiliates has any of its securities
 traded or listed thereon); 

(ii) 
 before
 Closing, Seller informing other potential acquirers of the Purchased Assets that a definitive agreement has been entered into, without
 identifying Purchaser or any of its Affiliates; 

(iii) 
 before
 Closing, Seller communicating with any of its suppliers or vendors on a need-to-know basis regarding this Agreement and the Acquisition; 

(iv) 
 before
 Closing, Purchaser and Seller communicating with any of their respective employees on a need-to-know basis regarding this Agreement
 and the Acquisition; or 

(v) 
 a
 party or any of its Affiliates making a statement or disclosure (A) as part of its or any of its Affiliates financial statements
 or Tax Returns or (B) to the extent reasonably necessary to enforce or comply with this Agreement. 

5.6
Further Assurances. Seller hereby agrees, without further consideration, to execute and deliver following the Closing such other
instruments of transfer and take such other actions as Purchaser or its counsel may reasonably request in order to (a) confirm or evidence
the transfer to Purchaser of the Purchased Assets, and (b) to put Purchaser in possession of, and to vest in Purchaser, good and valid
title to the Purchased Assets in accordance with this Agreement. Purchaser hereby agrees, without further consideration, to take such
other action following the Closing and execute and deliver such other documents as Seller or its counsel may reasonably request in order
to assume all of the Assumed Liabilities and to consummate the Acquisition in accordance with this Agreement. 

5.7
Taxes and Tax Returns. Seller shall file all Tax Returns with respect to the Purchased Assets required to be filed by it for all
taxable periods ending on or before the Closing Date. Seller will pay all Taxes imposed on Seller or for which Seller is or will be liable
with respect to the Purchased Assets, whether to taxing authorities or to other persons (pursuant to a tax sharing agreement or otherwise),
for the Pre-Closing Tax Period. Each Party will cooperate in all reasonable respects in timely making all filings, returns and reports
as may be required to comply with the provisions of applicable Law with respect to any Tax and in executing and delivering certificates
and similar items that accurately set forth relevant facts to entitle a Party to exemptions from or reductions to the payment of Transfer
Taxes (if applicable). 

5.8
Business Names. As promptly as practicable after the Closing Date, Seller shall cease using the Business Names and shall file as
promptly as practicable, in any jurisdictions where it is qualified to do business and in which such filings are appropriate, any documents
reasonably necessary to reflect that it is no longer operating under such Business Names. From and after the Closing Date, Seller shall
cease the use of such names and variations thereof for all business purposes; provided , however , that such names may be
referred to as former names in any Tax or other filing required to be made with any Governmental Authority. 

24 

5.9
Wrong Pockets. Seller shall promptly pay or deliver to Purchaser any monies or checks that have been sent to Seller or any of its
Affiliates after the Closing to the extent that they are Purchased Assets. Purchaser shall, or shall cause its applicable Affiliates
to, promptly pay or deliver to Seller any monies or checks that have been sent to Purchaser or any of its Affiliates after the Closing
to the extent that they are not in respect of the Purchased Assets and to the extent they are in respect of the businesses of Seller
or its Affiliates. 

5.10
Expenses. Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement, each of the Parties shall bear its own expenses incurred in
connection with the preparation, execution and performance of this Agreement and the Acquisition, including all fees and expenses of
its Representatives. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Purchaser shall pay all transfer, documentary, sales, use, excise,
stamp, registration and other such Taxes, and all conveyance fees, recording charges and other fees and charges (including any penalties
and interest) (the Transfer Taxes incurred in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement when due, and the Party required to file all necessary Tax Returns and other documentation with respect to all such
Taxes, fees and charges shall file such Tax Returns and other documentation, and, if required by applicable Law, the Parties will, and
will cause their Affiliates to, join in the execution of any such Tax Returns and other documentation. 

5.11
Third Party Consents. To the extent that Seller does not obtain any required third- party consents set forth on Schedule
3.4 prior to the Closing, Seller shall reasonably cooperate with Purchaser for a period not to exceed 90 days to the extent
requested by Purchaser to make or obtain (or cause to be made or obtained) as promptly as practicable all such consents. Seller
shall not be obligated to make any payment to obtain any such consents. Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that (a) certain consents
may be necessary from parties to Assumed Contracts in connection with the transactions contemplated herein in order not to
constitute a breach or violation of or a default under, conflict with or give rise to or create any right or obligation under, such
Assumed Contracts, which consents have not been obtained and may not be obtained prior to Closing; and (b) except to the extent
expressly stated in Article 3 , Seller has not made (and no Person on behalf of Seller has made) any representation or
warranty or similar assurance regarding the need for or desirability of any consent or approval by, notification to or filing with
any Person. Purchaser agrees that, except as otherwise expressly provided in Section 2.9 or this Section 5.11 (or as a
result of a breach of any representation or warranty in Article 3 ), Seller will not have any obligation whatsoever to
Purchaser or any of its Affiliates arising out of, relating to or resulting from the failure to obtain any consent (provided that
Seller has performed its obligations hereunder). 

5.12
Allocation of Purchase Price. Within one hundred and twenty (120) days after the Closing Date, Seller shall allocate the Purchase
Price and other relevant items, including the value of the Assumed Liabilities, among the Purchased Assets in accordance with the principles
of Section 1060 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder (the Purchase Price Allocation ). Each of Purchaser
and Seller shall (a) be bound by the Purchase Price Allocation for purposes of determining any Taxes, (b) prepare and file, and cause
its Affiliates to prepare and file, its Tax Returns on a basis consistent with the Purchase Price Allocation, and (c) take no position,
and cause its Affiliates to take no position, inconsistent with the Purchase Price Allocation on any Tax Return, in any refund claim,
in any audit, dispute or proceeding before any Tax authority or otherwise with respect to such Tax Returns. 

25 

5.13
Bulk Sales Laws. Purchaser and Seller hereby waive compliance with the provisions of any bulk sales, bulk transfer or similar Laws
of any jurisdiction that may otherwise be applicable with respect to the sale of any or all of the Purchased Assets to Purchaser (and
Purchaser agrees that such non-compliance, and any event or circumstance arising out of, relating to or resulting from such non-compliance,
does not and will not constitute a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of Seller in this Agreement). 

5.14
Employee Matters. 

(a)
Prior to Closing, Purchaser shall make offers of employment to each Business Employee who is then an employee of Seller, to be effective
as of the Closing. 

(b)
The provisions of this Section 5.14 are solely for the benefit of the Parties to this Agreement, and no current or former employee,
director or independent contractor or any other individual associated therewith shall be regarded for any purpose as a third-party beneficiary
of the Agreement, and nothing herein shall be construed as an amendment to any employee benefit plan for any purpose. Nothing in this
 Section 5.14 shall be construed to (i) limit the right of Purchaser or any of its Affiliates to amend or terminate any employee
benefit plan, to the extent such amendment or termination is permitted by the terms of the applicable plan, or (ii) require Purchaser
or any of its Affiliates to retain the employment of any particular Business Employee for any fixed period of time following the Closing
Date. 

5.15
Post-Closing Access. Throughout the seven-year period after Closing, subject to the reasonable confidentiality precautions of
the Party whose information is being accessed, each Party will, during normal business hours and upon reasonable notice from any
requesting Party: (a) cause such requesting Party and such requesting Party s Representatives to have reasonable access to the
books and records (including financial and Tax records, Tax Returns, files, papers and related items) of such Party, and to the
personnel responsible for preparing and maintaining such books and records and, with respect to Purchaser, to the personnel
responsible for conducting the Business, in each case to the extent necessary or reasonably desirable to (i) prepare or audit
financial statements, (ii) prepare or file Tax Returns or (iii) address other Tax, accounting, financial or legal matters or respond
to any investigation or other inquiry by or under the control of any Governmental Authority; and (b) permit such requesting Party
and such requesting Party s Representatives to make copies of such books and records for the foregoing purposes, at such
requesting Party s expense. Furthermore, Seller will assist Purchaser, at Purchaser s sole cost and expense, to produce
financial records and statements and assist Purchaser and its representatives in preparation of audited financial statements for
fiscal years commencing with the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. 

26 

ARTICLE
6. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT 

6.1
Conditions to Obligations of Purchaser. The obligations of Purchaser to effect Closing and consummate the Acquisition are subject
to the satisfaction on or prior to Closing of the following conditions, any or all of which may be waived, in whole or in part, to the
extent permitted by applicable Law, in a written instrument executed and delivered by Purchaser: 

(a)
 Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties of Seller set forth in Article 3 hereof shall be true
and correct in all respects as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date, except (i) to the extent such representations
and warranties are made on and as of a specified date, in which case the same shall continue on the Closing Date to be true and correct
as of the specified date and (ii) to the extent that the facts, events and circumstances that cause such representations and warranties
to not be true and correct as of such dates have not had a Material Adverse Effect. 

(b)
 Covenants. Seller shall have performed in all material respects all agreements and covenants required by this Agreement to be
performed by Seller on or prior to the Closing Date. 

(c)
 Certificate . Purchaser shall have received a certificate signed by a duly authorized officer of Seller certifying the items in
 Sections 6.1(a) and (b) . 

(d)
 Closing Deliverables . Purchaser shall have received all documents, certificates and instruments required to be delivered pursuant
to Section 2.7(b) ). 

(e)
 No Orders . No Governmental Authority shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any Law or Order (whether temporary,
preliminary or permanent) that has the effect of making the Acquisition or the other transactions contemplated hereby illegal or otherwise
prohibiting or restricting the consummation of such transactions. 

6.2
Conditions to Obligations of Seller. The obligations of Seller to effect Closing and consummate the Acquisition are subject to the
satisfaction on or prior to Closing of the following conditions, any or all of which may be waived, in whole or in part, to the extent
permitted by applicable Law, in a written instrument executed and delivered by Seller: 

(a)
 Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties of Purchaser set forth in Article 4 hereof shall be
true and correct in all respects as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of the Closing Date, except (i) to the extent such representations
and warranties are made on and as of a specified date, in which case the same shall continue on the Closing Date to be true and correct
as of the specified date and (ii) to the extent that the facts, events and circumstances that cause such representations and warranties
to not be true and correct as of such dates have not had a material adverse effect on the ability of Purchaser to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. 

(b)
 Covenants . Purchaser shall have performed in all material respects its covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement required
to be performed on or prior to the Closing Date. 

(c)
 Certificate . Seller shall have received a certificate signed by an authorized officer of Purchaser certifying the items in Sections
6.2(a) and (b) . 

27 

(d)
 Closing Deliverables . Seller shall have received all documents, certificates and instruments required to be delivered pursuant
to Section 2.7(a) ). 

(e)
 No Orders . No Governmental Authority shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any Law or Order (whether temporary,
preliminary or permanent) that has the effect of making the Acquisition or the other transactions contemplated hereby illegal or otherwise
prohibiting or restricting the consummation of such transactions. 

6.3
Frustration of Closing Conditions. Neither Seller nor Purchaser may rely, either as a basis for not consummating Closing or terminating
this Agreement, on the failure of any condition set forth in Sections 6.1 or 6.2 , as the case may be, to be satisfied if
such failure was caused by such Party s breach of any provision of this Agreement or failure to use its commercially reasonable
efforts to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. 

ARTICLE
7. TERMINATION 

7.1
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to Closing: 

(a)
by the written agreement of Purchaser and Seller; 

(b)
by either Purchaser or Seller upon written notice to the other: 

(i) 
 if
 Closing shall not have occurred on or prior to February 28, 2023 (the End Date ), unless the failure to consummate
 Closing is the result of a breach of this Agreement by the Party seeking to terminate this Agreement, provided however Purchaser
 may elect to extend the End Date by up to 30 days by written notice to Seller; or 

(ii) 
 if
 any Governmental Authority issues an Order or takes any other action permanently enjoining, restraining or otherwise prohibiting
 Closing and such Order or other action shall have become final and nonappealable; provided, that the party seeking to terminate this
 Agreement pursuant to this Section 7.1(b)(ii) shall have used its reasonable best efforts to contest, appeal and remove such
 Order or action and shall not be in material violation of this Agreement; 

(c)
by Purchaser upon written notice to Seller if there has been a breach by Seller of any of its representations, warranties, covenants
or agreements in this Agreement such that the conditions in Section 6.1(a) or 6 .1(b) , as applicable, will not be satisfied;
provided, however, that if such breach is curable and can reasonably be expected to be cured by the End Date, then the right to terminate
pursuant to this Section 7.1(c) shall be suspended so long as reasonable, good faith efforts are being exerted to effect a cure;
or 

(d)
by Seller by written notice to Purchaser if there has been a breach by Purchaser of any of its representations, warranties, covenants
or agreements in this Agreement such that the conditions in Section 6.2(a) or 6 .2(b) will not be satisfied; provided, however,
that if such breach is curable and can reasonably be expected to be cured by the End Date, then the right to terminate pursuant to this
 Section 7.1(d) shall be suspended so long as reasonable, good faith efforts are being exerted to effect a cure. 

28 

7.2
Effect of Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.1 , this Agreement
shall become void and there shall be no further obligation on the part of Purchaser or Seller (except as set forth in Section 5.5
 (confidentiality; publicity), Section 5.10 (expenses), Article 7 (termination) and Article 9 (miscellaneous),
all of which shall survive the termination); provided, however, that nothing herein shall relieve any Party hereto from Liability for
its willful breach of this Agreement. In the event of termination of this Agreement, Seller shall retain the Deposit; provided, however,
in the event this Agreement is terminated by Purchaser pursuant to Section 7.1(b)(i) or 7.1(c), Seller shall pay the Deposit to Purchaser
within five (5) Business Days of the effective date of the termination of this Agreement. 

ARTICLE
8. SURVIVAL; INDEMNIFICATION 

8.1
Indemnification by Seller. From and after the Closing, Seller will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Purchaser and its Affiliates
and Representatives (each, a Purchaser Indemnified Party ), from and against any and all Liabilities, demands, claims,
suits, actions, causes of action, assessments, costs, expenses, interest, fines, penalties or costs or expenses of any and all investigations,
proceedings, judgments, remediations, settlements and compromises (including reasonable fees and expenses of attorneys, accountants and
other experts) but not any consequential, incidental, indirect, special, exemplary or punitive damages (other than those actually awarded
in connection with any third party claim) or any damages based on a multiple (individually, a Loss and collectively,
the Losses sustained or incurred by such Purchaser Indemnified Party relating to, resulting from or arising out
of any of the following: 

(a)
any inaccuracy in or breach of a representation or warranty of Seller in this Agreement; 

any
non-compliance with or breach of any covenant or agreement by Seller under this Agreement; or 

(b)
any Excluded Liabilities. 

provided , that 
(i) Seller shall not have any liability pursuant to this Section 8.1 for any individual Loss of less than 10,000, (ii) Seller shall
not have any liability under clause (a) above unless the aggregate of all Losses relating thereto for which Seller would, but for
this proviso, be liable exceeds on a cumulative basis an amount equal to 50,000 (the Deductible ), and then only for
the amount of such Losses in excess of the Deductible; (iii) Seller s aggregate liability under clause (a) above (other than
with respect to the Fundamental Representations) shall in no event exceed the sum of the Deposit, the cash paid by Purchaser at
Closing, and the total amount of principal actually paid by Purchaser on the Promissory Note as of the date of the Claim Notice; and
(iv) Seller s aggregate liability under this Agreement shall in no event exceed the Purchase Price (with it being understood,
however, that nothing in this Agreement (including this Section 8.1 shall limit or restrict any of the Purchaser Indemnified
Parties rights to maintain or recover any amounts in connection with any action or claim based upon Fraud by
Seller). 

29 

8.2
Indemnification by Purchaser. From and after the Closing, Purchaser agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Seller and its
Affiliates and each of their respective Representatives (each, a Seller Indemnified Party from and against any
and all Losses sustained or incurred by any Seller Indemnified Party relating to, resulting from or arising out of any of the following: 

(a)
any inaccuracy in or breach of a representation or warranty of Purchaser in this Agreement; 

any
non-compliance with or breach of any covenant or agreement by Purchaser under this Agreement; 

(b)
any Assumed Liabilities; or 

all
Liabilities arising from the ownership or operation of the Purchased Assets following the Closing Date; 

provided ,
 that (i) Purchaser shall not have any liability pursuant to this Section 8.2 for any individual Loss of less than 10,000,
(ii) Purchaser shall not have any liability under clause (a) above unless the aggregate of all Losses relating thereto for which
Purchaser would, but for this proviso, be liable exceeds on a cumulative basis an amount equal to the Deductible, and then only for the
amount of such Losses in excess of the Deductible; and (iii) Purchaser s aggregate liability under this Agreement shall in no event
exceed the Purchase Price (with it being understood, however, that nothing in this Agreement (including this Section 8.2 shall
limit or restrict any of the Seller Indemnified Parties rights to maintain or recover any amounts in connection with any action
or claim based upon Fraud by Purchaser). 

8.3
Indemnification Procedure for Third Party Claims. 

(a)
Any party making a claim for indemnification under this Agreement (an Indemnitee shall notify the indemnifying
party (an Indemnitor of the claim (a Claim Notice in writing promptly (and in any event within
30 days) after receiving written notice of any action, lawsuit, proceeding, investigation or other claim against it by a third party,
describing the claim, the amount or estimated amount thereof, and the basis therefor; provided that the failure to so notify an
Indemnitor shall not relieve the Indemnitor of its obligations hereunder, except to the extent that the Indemnitor is actually prejudiced
thereby. Any Indemnitor shall be entitled to participate in the defense of such action, lawsuit, proceeding, investigation or other claim
giving rise to an Indemnitee s claim for indemnification at such Indemnitor s expense, and at its option (subject to the
limitations set forth below) shall be entitled to assume the defense thereof by giving notice to the Indemnitee (the Defense
Notice within 30 days of receiving a Claim Notice and appointing counsel reasonably acceptable to the Indemnitee to be the
lead counsel in connection with such defense. In the event that the Indemnitor shall fail to give the Defense Notice, it shall be deemed,
with respect to any claims other than pursuant to Section 8.1(c) , to have elected not to conduct the defense of the subject claim,
and in such event the Indemnitee shall have the right to conduct such defense but shall require the prior written consent of the Indemnitor
to compromise or settle the claim (which will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and the Indemnitor will be liable
for all costs, expenses, settlement amounts or other Losses paid or incurred in connection therewith to the extent Indemnitor would otherwise
be liable for such Losses in accordance with Section 8.1 or 8.2 , as applicable. 

30 

(b)
Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any claims other than pursuant to Section 8.1(c) , (i) the Indemnitee shall be entitled
to participate in the defense of such claim and to employ counsel of its choice for such purpose; provided that the fees and expenses
of such separate counsel shall be borne by the Indemnitee; (ii) the Indemnitor shall not be entitled to assume control of such defense
and shall pay the fees and expenses of counsel retained by the Indemnitee if (A) the claim for indemnification relates to or arises in
connection with any criminal proceeding, action, indictment, allegation or investigation; (B) the claim primarily seeks an injunction
or other equitable relief against the Indemnitee; (C) upon petition by the Indemnitee, the appropriate court rules that the Indemnitor
failed or is failing to vigorously prosecute or defend such claim; or (D) it is reasonable to expect that the Loss relating to such claim
would materially exceed the maximum amount that such Indemnitee could then be entitled to recover under the applicable provisions of
this Agreement; and (iii) if the Indemnitor shall control the defense of any such claim, the Indemnitor shall obtain the prior written
consent of the Indemnitee (which shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) before entering into any settlement of a
claim or ceasing to defend such claim if, pursuant to or as a result of such settlement or cessation, injunctive or other equitable relief
will be imposed against the Indemnitee or if such settlement does not expressly and unconditionally release the Indemnitee from all Liabilities
and obligations with respect to such claim, without prejudice. 

(c)
Notwithstanding the rights of the Indemnitee pursuant to Sections 8.3(a) and (b) , with respect to any third-party claims
arising under Section 8.1(c) , the Indemnitee shall have no rights or obligations, including with respect to conducting any defense
related to such claims, except that the Indemnitor may not settle any such claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnitee
(not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) if the Indemnitee will be obligated to pay any monetary damages or have imposed
against it any injunctive or other equitable relief. 

(d)
The Indemnitee will cooperate with and make available to the Indemnitor such assistance and materials as it may reasonably request. To
the extent the Indemnitee elects to employ its own counsel pursuant to Section 8.3(b)(i) above, the Indemnitee shall not have
the right to compromise and settle the claim without the prior written consent of the Indemnitor, which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed. 

8.4
Survival of Representations and Warranties and Covenants. All of the representations and warranties contained in Article 3 
and Article 4 shall survive the Closing for a period ending 24 months following the Closing Date, except that: (a) the Fundamental
Representations shall survive until the applicable statute of limitations for the matter underlying such representation or warranty has
run plus 30 days; and (b) all representations and warranties shall survive until finally resolved in accordance with this Agreement with
respect to any inaccuracy therein or breach thereof, notice of which shall have been duly given within the time period described in clause
(a) above in accordance with this Article 8 . The covenants and agreements of Seller and Purchaser contained herein shall survive
the Closing until they are fully performed or terminate in accordance with their respective terms. 

31 

8.5
Manner of Payment. Any indemnification of the Seller Indemnified Parties pursuant to this Article 8 shall be effected by wire
transfer of immediately available funds from Purchaser to an account designated by Seller within ten days after the determination thereof.
Any indemnification of the Purchaser Indemnified Parties pursuant to this Article 8 shall be effected by (x) first, as a corresponding
reduction in the outstanding interest then due pursuant to the Promissory Note, (y) second, as a corresponding reduction in the amount
of outstanding principal pursuant to the Promissory Note, and (z) following such time as the amounts due under the Promissory Note have
been reduced to 0, by wire transfer of immediately available funds from Seller to an account designated by Purchaser within ten days
after the determination thereof. The amount of any Loss for which indemnification is provided under this Article 8 shall be reduced,
including retroactively, by the amount of any insurance proceeds, any net benefit regarding Taxes actually realized in the taxable year
of such Loss or any prior taxable year, as calculated on a with and without basis (a Tax Benefit or other amount
or benefit received, directly or indirectly, by the Indemnitee (or any Purchaser Indemnified Party or Seller Indemnified Party, as applicable)
regarding such Loss. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if (a) the Indemnitee (or any Purchaser Indemnified Party or Seller
Indemnified Party, as applicable) receives from or on behalf of an Indemnitor, or an Indemnitor pays on behalf of the Indemnitee (or
any Purchaser Indemnified Party or Seller Indemnified Party, as applicable), a payment regarding a Loss, and (b) the Indemnitee (or any
Purchaser Indemnified Party or Seller Indemnified Party, as applicable) receives, directly or indirectly, any insurance proceeds, Tax
Benefit or other amount or benefit regarding such Loss, then such Indemnitee (on its own behalf and on behalf of any Purchaser Indemnified
Party or Seller Indemnified Party, as applicable) will promptly pay to the Indemnitor the amount of such insurance proceeds, Tax Benefit
or other amount or benefit, or, if less, the amount of such payment. The amount of such insurance proceeds, Tax Benefit or other amount
or benefit received will be net of any costs and expenses incurred by the Indemnitee (or any Purchaser Indemnified Party or Seller Indemnified
Party, as applicable) in procuring the same and after giving effect to the identified impact of such recovery on insurance premiums or
other costs of insurance. Each Party will use its commercially reasonable efforts to recover all insurance proceeds relating to any Losses
under each applicable insurance policy. 

8.6
Allocation of Indemnification Payments. The parties hereto agree that any indemnification payment pursuant to this Agreement shall
be treated as an adjustment to the Purchase Price for Tax purposes and shall be allocated as set forth in Section 5.12 . 

8.7
Mitigation. Each Party will use its reasonable best efforts to mitigate (including by causing any Purchaser Indemnified Party or
Seller Indemnified Party, as applicable, to use reasonable best efforts to mitigate) each Loss for which such Party is or may become
entitled to be indemnified hereunder. No Party (nor any Purchaser Indemnified Party or Seller Indemnified Party, as applicable) will
be entitled to indemnification hereunder in respect of any such Loss to the extent the indemnification obligations hereunder have increased
due to the failure of such Person to use such reasonable best efforts. 

8.8
Exclusive Remedy. After the Closing, the indemnities set forth in this Article 8 shall be the sole and exclusive remedy for
money damages of the Parties, their successors and assigns, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and Affiliates
with respect to this Agreement, the events giving rise to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, except for claims
for Fraud. 

32 

8.9
Subrogation. If an Indemnitor makes an indemnification payment to an Indemnitee (or to any Purchaser Indemnified Party or Seller
Indemnified Party, as applicable) with respect to any Loss, then such Indemnitor will be subrogated, to the extent of such payment, to
all related rights and remedies of such Indemnitee (or, if applicable, of such Purchaser Indemnified Party or Seller Indemnified Party,
as applicable) under any insurance policy or otherwise against or with respect to such Loss, except with respect to amounts not yet recovered
by such Indemnitee (or such Purchaser Indemnified Party or Seller Indemnified Party, as applicable) under any such insurance policy or
otherwise that already have been netted against such Loss for purposes of determining the indemnifiable amount of such Loss. Promptly
following such Indemnitor s request, such Indemnitee will (and such Indemnitee will cause each such Purchaser Indemnified Party
or Seller Indemnified Party, as applicable, to) take all reasonably necessary, proper or desirable actions (including the execution and
delivery of any document reasonably requested) to accomplish the foregoing. 

ARTICLE
9. GENERAL 

9.1
Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands or other communications that are required or may be given pursuant to the terms of
this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given (a) when delivered, if delivered by hand, or (b) one Business
Day after transmitted, if transmitted by a nationally recognized overnight courier service (with charges prepaid for next day delivery),
to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance
with this Section 9.1 ): 

If
to the Purchaser: 

110/120
CUISINE, LLC 

 7529
Red Oak Lane 

 Charlotte,
North Carolina 28226 

 Attention:
Michael D. Pruitt 

With
a simultaneous copy (which will not constitute notice) to: 

Raines
Feldman 

 18401
Von Karman Avenue, Suite 360 

 Irvine,
CA 92612 

 Attention:
Ruba R. Qashu 

If
to Seller: 

BOUDREAUX S
CAJUN KITCHEN INC. 

 6010
W. Spring Creek Parkway 

 Plano,
Texas 75024 

 Attention:
Rich Hicks 

With
a simultaneous copy (which will not constitute notice) to: 

Mincey-Carter,
PC 

 12221
Merit Drive, Suite 200 

 Dallas,
Texas 75251 

 Attention:
J. Brooks Durham 

33 

9.2
Severability; Parties in Interest. Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to
be effective and valid under applicable Law, but if any provision of this Agreement or the application of any such provision to any Person
or circumstance is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or other authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of
the provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated so long
as the economic and legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party
or intended beneficiary hereof. 

9.3
Assignment. This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto
and their respective successors and permitted assigns; provided that neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests,
or obligations hereunder may be assigned by any Party without the prior written consent of the other Party. 

9.4
Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS
OTHER THAN CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF DIRECTING THE APPLICATION OF ANY LAW OTHER THAN THAT OF TEXAS. 

9.5
Specific Performance. Each of Seller and Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that the other Party would be damaged irreparably in the
event any of the provisions of this Agreement is not performed in accordance with its specific terms or is otherwise breached. Accordingly,
Seller and Purchaser agree that the other Party shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of the provisions
of this Agreement and to enforce specifically this Agreement and the terms and provisions hereof in any action instituted in any court
in the United States or in any state having jurisdiction over the parties and the matter in addition to any other remedy to which they
may be entitled pursuant hereto. 

9.6
Consent to Jurisdiction. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE APPLICABLE FEDERAL AND STATE COURTS LOCATED
IN DALLAS COUNTY, TEXAS AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, SOLELY IN RESPECT OF THE INTERPRETATION AND ENFORCEMENT OF THE PROVISIONS
OF THIS AGREEMENT AND OF THE DOCUMENTS REFERRED TO IN THIS AGREEMENT, AND HEREBY WAIVES, AND AGREES NOT TO ASSERT, AS A DEFENSE IN ANY
ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING FOR THE INTERPRETATION OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF OR OF ANY SUCH DOCUMENT, (A) THAT IT IS NOT SUBJECT THERETO OR
THAT SUCH ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING MAY NOT BE BROUGHT OR IS NOT MAINTAINABLE IN SAID COURTS, (B) THAT THE VENUE THEREOF MAY NOT BE
APPROPRIATE OR (C) THAT THE INTERNAL LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS DO NOT GOVERN THE VALIDITY, INTERPRETATION OR EFFECT OF THIS AGREEMENT,
AND THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AGREE THAT ALL DISPUTES WITH RESPECT TO SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN
SUCH A STATE OR FEDERAL COURT. EACH PARTY HEREBY CONSENTS TO AND GRANTS ANY SUCH COURT JURISDICTION OVER THE PERSON OF SUCH PARTIES AND
OVER THE SUBJECT MATTER OF ANY SUCH DISPUTE AND AGREES THAT MAILING OF PROCESS OR OTHER PAPERS IN CONNECTION WITH ANY SUCH ACTION OR
PROCEEDING IN THE MANNER PROVIDED IN SECTION 9.1, OR IN SUCH OTHER MANNER AS MAY BE PERMITTED BY LAW, SHALL BE VALID AND SUFFICIENT SERVICE
THEREOF. 

34 

9.7
Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LITIGATION, ACTION, PROCEEDING,
CROSS-CLAIM, OR COUNTERCLAIM IN ANY COURT (WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO OR IN CONNECTION
WITH (A) THIS AGREEMENT OR THE VALIDITY, PERFORMANCE, INTERPRETATION, COLLECTION OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF, (B) THE ACTIONS OF THE PARTIES
IN THE NEGOTIATION, AUTHORIZATION, EXECUTION, DELIVERY, ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF OR (C) ANY TRANSACTION OR AGREEMENT
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THE ACTIONS OF THE PARTIES HERETO. 

9.8
Headings; Interpretation. The descriptive headings contained in this Agreement are included for convenience of reference only and
shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. The Parties have participated jointly in the negotiation
and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed
as if drafted jointly by the Parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of
the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement. 

9.9
Counterparts; Facsimiles. This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile or portable document format (PDF)
transmission) in two or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed
and delivered shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. 

9.10
Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents executed in connection with the consummation of the Acquisition
contain the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and related transactions and supersede all
prior agreements, written or oral, with respect thereto. 

9.11
Waivers and Amendments; Non-Contractual Remedies; Preservation of Remedies. This Agreement may be amended, superseded, canceled,
renewed or extended only by a written instrument signed by all of the Parties. Any provision hereof may be waived in a writing signed
by the Party that could otherwise seek enforcement of the provision being waived. No delay on the part of any Party in exercising any
right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any waiver on the part of any Party of any such right,
power or privilege, be deemed to be a waiver of any other right, power or privilege or the same right, power or privilege on a future
occasion, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or privilege, preclude any further exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other such right, power or privilege. Except as otherwise provided herein, the rights and remedies herein provided are
cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that any Party may otherwise have at Law or in equity. 

9.12
Exhibits and Schedules. Any matter disclosed on any Exhibit or Schedule referred to herein shall be deemed also to have been disclosed
on any other applicable Exhibit or Schedule to the extent such disclosure is readily apparent on the face of such Exhibit or Schedule. 

[Signatures
appear on next page] 

35 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties have caused this Asset Purchase Agreement to be signed in their respective
names by their duly authorized representatives as of the date first above written. 

110/120
 CUISINE, LLC 

By: 
 Amergent
 Hospitality Group Inc., its Manager 

By: 
 
 Name:
 Michael D. Pruitt 
 
 Title: 
 CEO 

BOUDREAUX S
 CAJUN KITCHEN INC. 

By: 
 
 Name:
 Michael Morales 
 
 Title: 
 CFO 

Signature
Page to Asset Purchase Agreement 

</EX-10.41>

<EX-10.42>
 9
 ex10-42.htm

Exhibit
10.42 

Executive
Separation Agreement 

This
Separation Agreement (this Agreement is dated as of January 10, 2023 by and between Frederick L. Glick Employee and Amergent Hospitality Group Inc., a corporation formed under the laws of the State of Delaware Employer ). 

WHEREAS,
Employer engaged Employee to be an employee of Employer; 

WHEREAS,
Employee and Employer are parties to an Employment Agreement dated July 1, 2021 (the Employment Agreement ); 

WHEREAS,
Employee resigned without Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement); 

WHEREAS,
the Employer has agreed to waive the provision for a garden leave period provided in the Employment Agreement; and 

WHEREAS,
the parties wish to confirm set forth their agreement as to the manner in which Employee s employment with Employer will be closed
out. 

NOW,
THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth herein and for other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which
is hereby acknowledged, Employer and Employee agree as follows: 

1. Termination
 of Employment; Waiver of Garden Leave. 

(a) The
 parties hereto hereby agree that Employee resigned without Good Reason (as
 defined in the Employment Agreement) effective as of December 31, 2022 (the Separation
 Date ). Employee resigned without Good Reason (as defined in the
 Employment Agreement), effective as of the Separation Date, all positions, titles, duties,
 authorities, and responsibilities at or with Employer and its affiliates (together and each
 individually, as the context requires, the Company other than his position
 on the board of directors of Employer, and Employee agrees to execute all additional documents
 and take such further steps as Employer may require to effectuate such resignation. Employee
 agrees to continue to serve as a director of Employer until the earlier of July 1, 2023 or
 such date that the board of directors requests that he resign. Employee will be paid the
 standard board compensation paid by Employer to non-employee directors for the term of his
 service as director. 

(b) Upon
 execution and satisfaction in full of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company
 hereby waives the requirement for a garden leave period, as set forth in Section 7.4 of the
 Employment Agreement. 

2. Certain
 Payments and Benefits. 

(a) Accrued
 Obligations. As required by law, but no later than the first regular payroll date following
 the Separation Date, Employer shall pay Employee 5,420.00 representing all base salary earned
 but unpaid as of the Separation Date and 15,067.60 in respect of vacation earned but not
 taken prior to the Separation Date. Employee acknowledges and agrees that as of the date
 hereof, he has made all requests for reimbursement of business expenses to which he may be
 entitled pursuant to the Company s reimbursement policy, and provided such substantiation
 as may be required thereunder, and shall hereafter not have any right to request reimbursement
 of any additional amounts. 

1 

(b) Separation
 Payment. Employer agrees to pay Employee 1,000.00 (the Separation Payment in 10 substantially equal installments, twice a month, commencing on the first payroll date
 following the Separation Date, subject to Sections 5, 6, 8(a), and 9 herein. The Separation
 Payment shall not be taken into account as compensation and no service credit shall be given
 after the Separation Date for purposes of determining the benefits payable under any benefit
 plan, program, agreement, or arrangement of the Company. Employee acknowledges that, except
 for the Separation Payment agreed to herein, he is not entitled to any payment in the nature
 of severance or termination pay from the Company, and that the Separation Payment is in full
 satisfaction of all obligations owed to him by the Company, except as set forth in Sections
 2(a), 2(c) and 2(d) hereof. 

(c) Transition
 Services. Employee has agreed to assist Employer, on a consulting basis, with transitioning
 his duties and responsibilities to another employee, on an as needed basis not to exceed
 10 hours per week, through May 31, 2022, for a flat fee of 35,000.00 Transition
 Services ), payable in 10 substantially equal installments, twice a month, commencing
 on the first payroll date following the Separation Date. Employee is solely responsible for
 paying when due any taxes, including estimated taxes, incurred as a result of the compensation
 paid by Employer to Employee for Transition Services. This includes but is not limited to
 any federal, state or local income taxes, social security or unemployment tax, or any other
 taxes. 

(d) Qualified
 Plans/COBRA. Employee shall be entitled to all vested benefits under any tax qualified
 pension plan of the Company and continuation of health insurance benefits, at Employee s
 cost, to the extent provided in Section 4980B of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
 (the Code and Section 601 of the Employee Retirement Income Security
 Act of 1974, as amended (which provisions are commonly known as COBRA ). 

(e) Cooperation.
 From the Effective Date through December 31, 2023 (the Cooperation Period ),
 Employee agrees to cooperate with Employer with regard to pending litigation, and any other
 litigation relating to Employee s period of employment for which Employer reasonably
 requests Employee s participation; provided , however , that Employee s
 agreement to consult respecting such litigation shall continue for the duration of any such
 litigation, whether or not such cooperation occurs during or after the Cooperation Period.
 If requested by Employer, such cooperation shall include, without limitation, (1) responding
 reasonably promptly to requests for information and documents in Employee s possession
 concerning matters pertinent to any of the foregoing, (2) making himself reasonably available
 as a witness and testifying at trial, depositions, hearings, or other proceedings, as well
 as being reasonably available for adequate preparation for such testimony; and (3) participating
 at reasonable times in interviews and meetings with representatives of the Company, representatives
 of governments or regulatory authorities, or others designated by Employer. Unless prohibited
 by applicable law or any rule of any applicable regulatory authority, Employee further agrees
 to notify Employer promptly of any request made to him by any party to any such litigations
 for information or assistance with respect to such litigations, and the substance of Employee s
 response to such request. Employee shall also provide Employer with a copy of such request
 and response, if in writing. Employee and Employer will each use good faith best efforts
 to reconcile and accommodate any scheduling conflicts. Without limitation of the foregoing,
 Employee agrees to reasonably cooperate (including attending meetings) with respect to any
 claim, arbitral hearing, lawsuit, action, or governmental or internal investigation relating
 to the business of the Company prior to the Separation Date. Employee agrees to provide full
 and complete disclosure in response to any inquiry in connection with any such matters. 

2 

(f) Equity
 Awards. All vested options to purchase stock of Employer and/or any other vested equity-based
 awards granted to Employee and outstanding immediately prior to the Separation Date shall
 remain in full force and effect as provided in the agreements evidencing those awards, the
 plans pursuant to which such awards were made, and otherwise in accordance with their terms.
 All unvested options to purchase stock of Employer and/or any other unvested equity-based
 awards are hereby forfeited by Employee. For clarity, vested option awards are as follows:
 options to purchase 150,00 shares of common stock at 2.50 per share; options to purchase
 100,00 shares at 0.56 per share; and options to purchase 25,000 shares at 0.81 per share. 

3. Other
 Agreements. 

(a) Each
 party shall pay their respective costs and legal fees incurred in connection with the negotiation
 of this Agreement. 

(b) Any
 liabilities Employee may have to the Company, including, without limitation, any liabilities
 in respect of outstanding loans or advances by Employer and any liabilities to reimburse
 Employer for any personal expenses (such as for taxis, car service, or meals) that Employee
 has charged to Employer, must be paid in full before payment of any amounts will be made
 to Employee under this Agreement or Employer may, at its option, deduct any such amounts
 from any payment to be made to Employee under this Agreement, to the extent permitted by
 applicable law (including without limitation Section 409A of the Code and the regulations
 and guidance promulgated thereunder (collectively, Section 409A )). 

4. General
 Release and Waiver. 

(a) Employee
 hereby releases, remises, and acquits the Company and its officers, directors, shareholders,
 members, partners, agents, employees, consultants, independent contractors, attorneys, advisers,
 successors, and assigns (collectively, the Releasees ), jointly and severally,
 from any and all claims, known or unknown, which Employee or Employee s heirs, successors,
 or assigns have or may have against any of the Releasees arising on or prior to the date
 of execution of this Agreement and any and all liability which any of the Releasees may have
 to Employee, heirs, successors, and assigns whether denominated claims, demands, causes of
 action, obligations, damages, or liabilities arising from any and all bases, however, denominated,
 including but not limited to, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA ),
 the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, Title
 VII of the United States Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42 U.S.C. 1981, applicable California
 (state or local) civil or human rights laws, any other federal, state, or local law, and
 any workers compensation or disability claims under any such laws or claims under
 any contract, including the Employment Agreement and/or the agreements governing any equity-based
 awards. This release relates to claims by reason of any matter, cause, or thing occurring,
 done, or omitted to be done from the beginning of the world until the date of the execution
 hereof. Employee further agrees that Employee will not file or permit to be filed on Employee s
 behalf any such claim. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence or any other provision of this
 Agreement, this release is not intended to interfere with Employee s right to file
 a charge with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (the EEOC in connection with any claim he believes he may have against the Company. However, by executing
 this Agreement, Employee hereby waives the right to recover in any proceeding Employee may
 bring before the EEOC or any state or local human rights commission or in any proceeding
 brought by the EEOC or any state or local human rights commission on Employee s behalf.
 In addition, this release is not intended to interfere with Employee s right to challenge
 that his waiver of any and all ADEA claims pursuant to this Agreement is a knowing and voluntary
 waiver, notwithstanding Employee s specific representation that he has entered into
 this Agreement knowingly and voluntarily. This release is for any relief, no matter how denominated,
 including, but not limited to, injunctive relief, wages, back pay, front pay, compensatory
 damages, or punitive damages. This release shall not apply to any obligation of the Company
 pursuant to this Agreement, any rights in the nature of indemnification which Employee may
 have with respect to claims against Employee relating to or arising out of his employment
 with the Company, or any vested benefit to which Employee is entitled under any tax qualified
 pension plan of the Company, COBRA continuation coverage benefits, or any other similar benefits
 required to be provided by statute. 

(b) Employee
 acknowledges that the Separation Payment is in addition to anything of value to which Employee
 already is entitled from the Company and constitutes good and valuable consideration for
 the release contained in this Section 4. 

3 

5. Confidentiality;
 Intellectual Property; Cooperation; Company Property. 

(a) Confidential
 Agreement. Employee shall keep the terms of this Agreement confidential and shall not
 directly or indirectly disseminate any information (in any form) regarding this Agreement
 or his termination of employment to any person or entity except as may be agreed to in writing
 by Employer and except for any terms which are or become generally available to the public,
 other than as a result of unauthorized or improper disclosure by Employee. Notwithstanding
 the foregoing, Employee may disclose the information described herein, to the extent Employee
 is compelled to do so by lawful service of process, subpoena, court order, or as Employee
 is otherwise compelled to do by law, including full and complete disclosure in response thereto,
 in which event Employee agrees to provide Employer with a copy of the document(s) seeking
 disclosures of such information promptly upon receipt of such document(s) and prior to disclosure
 by Employee of any such information, so that Employer may, upon notice to Employee, take
 such action as it deems to be necessary or appropriate in relation to such subpoena or request
 and Employee may not disclose any such information until Employer has had the opportunity
 to take such action. 

(b) Confidential
 Information. Employee agrees that he will not appropriate for his own use, use, disclose,
 divulge, furnish, or make available to any person any confidential or proprietary information
 concerning the Company, including without limitation any confidential or proprietary information
 concerning the operations, plans, or methods of the Company (the Information );
 provided , that the term Information shall not include such information
 which is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of unauthorized
 or improper disclosure by Employee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Employee may disclose
 Information to the extent he is compelled to do so by lawful service of process, subpoena,
 court order, or as he is otherwise compelled to do by law or the rules or regulations of
 any regulatory body to which he is subject, including full and complete disclosure in response
 thereto, in which event he agrees to provide Employer with a copy of the documents seeking
 disclosure of such information promptly upon receipt of such documents and prior to their
 disclosure of any such information, so that Employer may, upon notice to Employee, take such
 action as Employer deems appropriate in relation to such subpoena or request and Employee
 may not disclose any such information until Employer has had the opportunity to take such
 action. 

(c) Intellectual
 Property. Employee agrees that all right, title, and interest to all works of whatever
 nature generated in the course of his employment with the Company resides with the Company.
 Employee agrees that he will return to Employer, not later than the Separation Date, all
 property, in whatever form (including computer files and other electronic data), of the Company
 in his possession, including without limitation, all copies (in whatever form) of all files
 or other information pertaining to the Company, its officers, employees, directors, shareholders,
 customers, suppliers, vendors, or distributors and any business or business opportunity of
 the Company. 

(d) Company
 Property. Employee hereby agrees to return to Employer and to cease using any property
 of the Company, including without limitation, cell phones, blackberries, security key cards,
 corporate credit cards, telephone calling cards, or home office equipment provided by the
 Company and to return such property promptly; provided however Executive may retain the Company
 laptop through May 31, 2023 for use solely for his transition services to the Company. 

(e) Acknowledgements
 Respecting Restrictive Covenants. With respect to the restrictive covenants set forth
 in this Section 5, the parties acknowledge and agree that: 

(i) (A)
 each of the restrictive covenants contained in this Section 5 shall be construed as a separate
 covenant with respect to each geographic area and each activity to which it applies, (B)
 if, in any judicial proceeding, a court shall deem any of the restrictive covenants invalid,
 illegal, or unenforceable because its scope is considered excessive, such restrictive covenant
 shall be modified so that the scope of the restrictive covenant is reduced only to the minimum
 extent necessary to render the modified covenant valid, legal, and enforceable, and (C) if
 any restrictive covenant (or portion thereof) is deemed invalid, illegal, or unenforceable
 in any jurisdiction, as to that jurisdiction such restrictive covenant (or portion thereof)
 shall be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability, without
 affecting in any way the remaining restrictive covenants (or portion thereof) in such jurisdiction
 or rendering that or any other restrictive covenant (or portion thereof) invalid, illegal,
 or unenforceable in any other jurisdiction. 

4 

(ii) The
 parties hereto hereby declare that it is impossible to measure in money the damages that
 will accrue to the Company in the event that Employee breaches any of the restrictive covenants
 provided in this Section 5. In the event that Employee breaches any such restrictive covenant,
 the Company shall be entitled to an injunction, a restraining order or such other equitable
 relief, including, but not limited to, specific performance (without the requirement to post
 bond) restraining Employee from violating such restrictive covenant. If the Company shall
 institute any action or proceeding to enforce the restrictive covenant, Employee hereby waives
 the claim or defense that the Company has an adequate remedy at law and agrees not to assert
 in any such action or proceeding the claim or defense that the Company has an adequate remedy
 at law. The foregoing shall not prejudice the Company s right to require Employee to
 account for and pay over to the Company, and Employee hereby agrees to account for and pay
 over, the compensation, earnings, profits, monies, accruals, or other benefits derived or
 received by Employee as a result of any transaction constituting a breach of any of the restrictive
 covenants provided in this Section 5, and the parties hereby agree that the Company shall
 be entitled to an equitable accounting of all such compensation, earnings, profits, monies,
 accruals, and other benefits. The parties hereby agree that the Restricted Period shall be
 extended by any period during which Employee is found to be in violation of, or to have violated,
 this Section 5. 

(iii) The
 remedies provided for in this Section 5(h) are cumulative and in addition to any other rights
 and remedies the Company may have under law or in equity. 

(iv) The
 restrictive covenants provided in this Section 5 shall be in addition to any restrictions
 imposed on Employee by statute or at common law. 

6. Certain
 Forfeitures in Event of Breach. Employee acknowledges and agrees that, notwithstanding
 any other provision of this Agreement, in the event (i) Employee materially breaches any
 of his obligations under this Agreement or (ii) a condition existed prior to the Separation
 Date that, had the Company been fully aware of such condition, would have given the Company
 the right to terminate Employee s employment For Cause , Employee will
 forfeit his right to receive the Separation Payment under Section 2(b) of this Agreement
 to the extent not theretofore paid to him as of the date of such breach and, if already made
 as of the time of breach, Employee agrees that he will reimburse Employer, immediately, for
 the amount of such payments on a pre-tax basis. 

7. Agreement
 Part of Settlement Discussions/No Admission of Liability. Employee represents and warrants
 that any payments or benefits provided to Employee under the terms of this Agreement do not
 constitute an admission by the Company that it has violated any law or legal obligation with
 respect to any aspect of Employee s employment or separation therefrom. If Employee
 does not accept this Agreement, Employee acknowledges and agrees that the delivery of this
 Agreement is in contemplation of the settlement of any potential claims Employee may have
 against the Company and will not be admissible for any purpose against the Company, and that
 any payments or benefits contemplated in this Agreement do not constitute an admission by
 the Company that it has violated any law or legal obligation with respect to any aspect of
 Employee s employment or separation therefrom. 

5 

8. General
 Provisions. 

(a) Heirs
 and Assigns. This Agreement is binding on and is for the benefit of the parties hereto
 and their respective successors, assigns, heirs, executors, administrators, and other legal
 representatives. Neither this Agreement nor any right or obligation hereunder may be assigned
 by Employee. 

(b) Affiliates.
 As used in this Agreement, affiliates shall mean all companies, corporations,
 and entities that are, or in the future under common control with Employer. 

(c) Integration.
 This Agreement constitutes the complete agreement between the Company and Employee regarding
 the issues addressed in this Agreement. The terms of this Agreement may be changed, modified,
 or discharged only by an instrument in writing signed by the parties hereto. A failure of
 the Company or Employee to insist on strict compliance with any provision of this Agreement
 shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision or any other provision hereof. In the event
 that any provision of this Agreement is determined to be so broad as to be unenforceable,
 such provision shall be interpreted to be only so broad as is enforceable. 

(d) Choice
 of Law. This Agreement shall be construed, enforced, and interpreted in accordance with
 and governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to its choice of law
 provisions. 

(e) Withholding.
 The Company may withhold from any and all amounts payable under this Agreement such federal,
 state, and local taxes or other withholdings as may be required to be withheld pursuant to
 any applicable law or regulation. 

(f) Construction
 of Agreement. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that each party has reviewed and
 negotiated the terms and provisions of this Agreement and has had the opportunity to contribute
 to its revision. Accordingly, the rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are
 resolved against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement.
 Rather, the terms of this Agreement shall be construed fairly as to both parties hereto and
 not in favor or against either party. 

(g) Counterparts.
 This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties
 on separate counterparts, each of which counterpart, when so executed and delivered, shall
 be deemed to be an original and all of which counterparts, taken together, shall constitute
 but one and the same Agreement. 

(h) Notice.
 Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Agreement shall be
 effective only if it is in writing and shall be deemed to be given when delivered personally
 or four days after it is mailed by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return
 receipt requested or one day after it is sent by a reputable overnight courier service and,
 in each case, addressed as follows (or if it is sent through any other method agreed upon
 by the parties): 

6 

If
to Employer: 

 Amergent
Hospitality Group Inc. 

 PO
Box 470695 

 Charlotte,
NC 28247 

 mp@amergenthg.com 

 Attention:
Michael D. Pruitt 

with
a copy to: 

 Raines
Feldman LLP 

 18401
Von Karman Avenue, Suite 360 

 Irvine,
CA 92612 

 rqashu@raineslaw.com 

 Attention:
Ruba Qashu 

If
to Employee: 

 Frederick
L. Glick 

 2320
Littler Lane 

 Oceanside,
CA 92056 

 fglick64@gmail.com 

or
to such other address as any party hereto may designate by notice to the others. 

(i) Section
 409A Compliance. The intent of the parties is that payments and benefits under this Agreement
 comply with, or are exempt from, the requirements of Section 409A and, accordingly, to the
 maximum extent permitted, this Agreement shall be limited, construed and interpreted in accordance
 with such intent. It is intended that each installment, if any, of the payments and benefits
 provided hereunder shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section
 409A. Neither the Company nor Employee shall have the right to accelerate or defer the delivery
 of any such payments or benefits except to the extent specifically permitted or required
 by Section 409A; and if, as of the date of the separation from service, Employee
 is a specified employee (within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)
 of the Code, or any successor provision thereto), then with regard to any payment or the
 provision of any benefit that is subject to this section (whether under this Agreement, or
 pursuant to any other agreement with or plan, program, payroll practice of the Company) and
 is due upon or as a result of Employee s separation from service, such payment or benefit
 shall not be made or provided, to the extent making or providing such payment or benefit
 would result in additional taxes or interest under Section 409A of the Code, until the date
 which is the earlier of (A) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date
 of such separation from service, and (B) the date of Employee s death
 (the Delay Period and this Agreement and any such other agreement plan
 program or practice shall hereby be deemed amended accordingly. Upon the expiration of the
 Delay Period, all payments and benefits delayed pursuant to this section (whether they would
 have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay)
 shall be paid or reimbursed to Employee in a lump sum, and any remaining payments and benefits
 due under this Agreement shall be paid or provided in accordance with the normal payment
 dates specified for them herein. All reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under this
 Agreement or otherwise to Employee shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements
 of Section 409A to the extent that such reimbursements or in-kind benefits are subject to
 Section 409A. All expenses or other reimbursements paid pursuant herewith and therewith that
 are taxable income to Employee shall in no event be paid later than the end of the calendar
 year next following the calendar year in which Employee incurs such expense or pays such
 related tax. With regard to any provision herein that provides for reimbursement of costs
 and expenses or in-kind benefits, except as permitted by Section 409A, the right to reimbursement
 or in-kind benefits shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit,
 the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during any
 taxable year shall not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits
 to be provided, in any other taxable year, provided that, the foregoing clause shall
 not be violated with regard to expenses reimbursed under any arrangement covered by Section
 105(b) of the Code solely because such expenses are subject to a limit related to the period
 the arrangement is in effect and such payments shall be made on or before the last day of
 the Employee s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense occurred. 

7 

(j) Severability.
 The parties hereto intend that the validity and enforceability of any provision of this
 Agreement shall not affect or render invalid any other provision of this Agreement. 

9. Knowing
 and Voluntary Waiver. Employee acknowledges that, by Employee s free and voluntary
 act of signing below, Employee agrees to all of the terms of this Agreement and intends to
 be legally bound thereby. 

Employee
understands that he may consider whether to agree to the terms contained herein for a period of forty-five days. Accordingly, Employee
must execute this Agreement by February 24, 2023 to acknowledge his understanding of and agreement with the foregoing. However, the Separation
Payment provided herein will in any event be delayed at least until this Agreement becomes effective, enforceable, and irrevocable. Any
payments or benefits delayed as a result of this Section 9 (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments
in the absence of such delay) shall be paid in a lump sum on the first payroll date following the Effective Date. Employee acknowledges
that he has been advised to consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement. 

This
Agreement will become effective, enforceable and irrevocable on the eighth day after the date on which it is executed by Employee (the
 Effective Date ). During the seven-day period prior to the Effective Date, Employee may revoke his agreement to accept
the terms hereof by indicating in writing to Employer his intention to revoke. If Employee exercises the right to revoke hereunder, he
shall forfeit his right to receive any of the benefits provided for herein (exclusive of accrued obligations), and to the extent such
payments have already been made, Employee agrees that he will immediately reimburse Employer for the amounts of such payment. 

[ Signature
page follows ] 

8 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Employer has caused this Agreement to be signed by its duly authorized representative and Employee has signed this Agreement
as of the day and year first above written. 

EMPLOYER 

AMERGENT
 HOSPITALITY GROUP INC. 

/s/ Michael D. Pruitt 

By: 

Title: 
 Michael
 D. Pruitt, CEO 

EMPLOYEE 

/s/
 Frederick K. Glick 

FREDERICK
 L. GLICK 

Date:
____________ 

9 

</EX-10.42>

<EX-10.43>
 10
 ex10-43.htm

Exhibit
10.43 

INCENTIVE
STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

UNDER
THE AMERGENT HOSPITALITY GROUP INC. 

 2021
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

This
INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT Agreement is between Amergent Hospitality Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ),
and the individual optionee specified below (the Optionee and is made and effective as of April 24, 2023 (the Effective
Date ). Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Amergent Hospitality Group Inc. 2021
Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 

1. Notice
 of Stock Option Grant . 

The
Company, pursuant to action of the Committee and in accordance with the Plan, grants to Optionee an Incentive Stock Option to purchase
common stock of the Company, 0.0001 par value per share Option Shares ), upon the terms and conditions set forth in the
Agreement: 

Name
 of Optionee 
 
 Michael
 D. Pruitt 

Total
 Number of Option Shares 
 
 Option
 1: 100,000 
 Option
 2: 100,000 
 Option
 3: 100,000 

Fair
 Market Value per Option Share on Grant Date and Option Price 
 
 Fair
 Market Value: 0.16 
 Option
 1: 0.60 
 Option
 2: 1.00 
 Option
 3: 1.50 

Grant
 Date 
 
 April
 24, 2023 

Number
 of Option Shares Subject to Time Based Vesting 
 
 Option
 1: 100,000 
 Option
 2: 100,000 
 Option
 3: 100,000 

Time
 Based 
 Vesting Schedule 
 
 Option
 1: December 31, 2023 
 Option
 2: December 31, 2024 
 Option
 3: December 31, 2025 

Number
 of Option Shares Subject to Performance Based Vesting 
 
 N/A 

Performance
 Based 
 Vesting Schedule 
 
 N/A 

Expiration
 Date 
 
 April
 24, 2033 

Incentive Stock Option Agreement 1 

No
portion of this Option may be exercised until such portion shall have become exercisable. Subject to the discretion of the Committee
(as defined in the Plan) to accelerate the exercisability schedule hereunder, this Option shall be exercisable with respect to the number
of Option Shares on the dates indicated above so long as the Optionee remains an employee of the Company on such dates. Once exercisable,
this Option shall continue to be exercisable at any time or times prior to the close of business on the Expiration Date (set forth above),
subject to the provisions hereof and of the Plan. All or a portion of the Option Shares may vest based on length of Employment, as set
forth above, and the remainder of the Option Shares may vest based upon achievement of performance goals, as specified above. If the
number of Option Shares would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share, no fractional share shall be issued and instead the number
of Option Shares shall be increased or decreased to the nearest whole number. Any Option Shares that vest contingent upon performance
measures that fail to meet the performance goals set forth above shall be forfeited. In the event that the aggregate Fair Market Value
of shares of Common Stock with respect to the Option exercisable by Optionee in any calendar year exceeds 100,000, then the Option granted
hereunder to Optionee shall, to the extent and in the order required by regulations promulgated under the Code (or any other authority
having the force of regulations), automatically be deemed to be non-qualified Options, but all other terms and provisions of such Option
shall remain unchanged. 

2.
 Manner of Exercise . 

(a)
The Option may only be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the administrative procedures established by the Company
and/or the Committee from time to time. The exercise of the Option is subject to the Optionee making appropriate tax withholding arrangements
with the Company in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the administrative procedures established by the Company and/or the Committee
from time to time. 

(b)
The transfer to the Optionee on the records of the Company or of the transfer agent of the Option Shares will be contingent upon (i)
the Company s receipt from the Optionee of the full purchase price for the Option Shares (ii) the fulfillment of any other requirements
prescribed by the Committee, contained herein and in the Plan or in any other agreement or provision of laws, and (iii) the receipt by
the Company of any agreement, statement or other evidence that the Company may require to satisfy itself that the issuance of Option
Shares to be purchased pursuant to the exercise of Options under the Plan and any subsequent resale of the Option Shares will be in compliance
with applicable laws and regulations. 

(c)
The Option Shares purchased upon exercise of this Option shall be transferred to the Optionee on the records of the transfer agent upon
compliance, to the satisfaction of the Committee, with all requirements prescribed by the Committee and required under applicable laws
or regulations in connection with such transfer and with the requirements hereof and of the Plan. The determination of the Committee
as to such compliance shall be final and binding on the Optionee. The Optionee shall not be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any
of the rights of a holder with respect to, any Option Shares subject to this Option unless and until this Option shall have been exercised
pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company or the transfer agent shall have transferred the shares to the Optionee, and the Optionee s
name shall have been entered as the stockholder of record on the books of the Company. Thereupon, the Optionee shall have full voting,
dividend and other ownership rights with respect to such Option Shares. 

Incentive Stock Option Agreement 2 

(d)
No partial exercise of an Option shall be for an aggregate exercise price of less than 1,000.00, unless this minimum is waived by the
Committee. 

(e)
Notwithstanding any other provision hereof or of the Plan, no portion of this Option shall be exercisable after the Expiration Date hereof. 

3.
 Termination of Employment . If the Optionee s Employment by the Company or a Subsidiary is terminated, the period within
which to exercise the Option may be subject to earlier termination as set forth below. 

(a)
If Optionee s termination of Employment occurs prior to the Option s expiration date, for any reason whatsoever other than
death or authorized retirement (as defined in subparagraph (b) below), any unexercised portion of the Option shall terminate automatically. 

(b)
If Optionee retires upon reaching the Company s normal retirement age or earlier, with the written consent of the Company, because
of physical or mental disability (collectively, authorized retirement ), any unexercised or unvested portion of the Option
shall expire three months after the effective date of such authorized retirement. The Optionee may exercise all or any vested portion
of an Option from the date of his or her authorized retirement to three months thereafter. 

(c)
If prior to the expiration date of the Option, the Optionee dies while employed or engaged by the Company or its Subsidiary or within
three months of his or her authorized retirement, the Optionee s estate, heirs or legatees shall have the privilege of exercising
all of the unexercised Option within six months after the Optionee s death. 

Nothing
contained in this Section shall extend the time for exercising all or any part of the then unexercised portion of an Option. The Committee s
determination of the reason for termination of the Optionee s Employment shall be conclusive and binding on the Optionee and his
or her representatives or legatees. 

4.
 Adjustment upon Changes in Capitalization. The Option is subject to adjustment in the event of certain changes in the capitalization
of the Company, to the extent set forth in Section 8 of the Plan. 

5.
 Incorporation of Plan . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Option shall be subject to and governed by all the
terms and conditions of the Plan, including the powers of the Committee set forth in Section 4 of the Plan. Capitalized terms in this
Agreement shall have the meaning specified in the Plan, unless a different meaning is specified herein. If there is a conflict between
the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 

Incentive Stock Option Agreement 3 

6.
 Transferability . This Agreement is personal to the Optionee. The Option may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred,
or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of
an Optionee, only by Optionee. Upon the death of Optionee, the outstanding Option granted to such Optionee may be exercised only by the
executors or administrators of the Optionee s estate or by any person or persons who shall have acquired such right to exercise
by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. No transfer by will or the laws of descent and distribution of this Option, or the
right to exercise any Option, shall be effective to bind the Company unless the Committee shall have been furnished with (a) written
notice thereof and with a copy of the will and/or such evidence as the Committee may deem necessary to establish the validity of the
transfer and (b) an agreement by the transferee to comply with all the terms and conditions of the Option that are or would have been
applicable to the Option and to be bound by the acknowledgements made by the Optionee in connection with the grant of the Option. 

7.
 Status of the Option . This Option is intended to qualify as an incentive Option under Section 422 of the Code, but
the Company does not represent or warrant that this Option qualifies as such. The Optionee should consult with his or her own tax advisors
regarding the tax effects of this Option and the requirements necessary to obtain favorable income tax treatment under Section 422 of
the Code, including, but not limited to, holding period requirements. To the extent any portion of this Option does not so qualify as
an incentive option, such portion shall be deemed to be a non-qualified option. If the Optionee intends to dispose or does
dispose (whether by sale, gift, transfer or otherwise) of any Option Shares within the one-year period beginning on the date after the
transfer of such shares to him or her, or within the two-year period beginning on the day after the grant of this Option, he or she will
so notify the Company within 30 days after such disposition. 

8.
 Tax Withholding . The Optionee shall, not later than the date as of which the exercise of this Option becomes a taxable event for
Federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company or make arrangements satisfactory to the Committee for payment of any Federal, state,
and local taxes required by law to be withheld on account of such taxable event. The Company shall have the authority to cause the required
tax withholding obligation to be satisfied, in whole or in part, by withholding from Option Shares to be issued to the Optionee a number
of Option Shares with an aggregate fair market value that would satisfy the withholding amount due; provided, however, that the amount
withheld does not exceed the maximum statutory tax rate or such lesser amount as is necessary to avoid adverse accounting treatment or
as determined by the Committee. 

9.
 No Obligation to Continue Employment . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is obligated by or as a result of the Plan or this
Agreement to continue the Optionee in Employment and neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall interfere in any way with the right of
the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate the Employment of the Optionee at any time. 

10.
 Integration . This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to this Option and supersede
all prior agreements and discussions between the parties concerning such subject matter. 

Incentive Stock Option Agreement 4 

11.
 Data Privacy Consent . In order to administer the Plan and this Agreement and to implement or structure future equity grants, the
Company, its Subsidiaries and affiliates and certain agents thereof (together, the Relevant Companies may process any
and all personal or professional data, including but not limited to Social Security or other identification number, home address and
telephone number, date of birth and other information that is necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan and/or this Agreement
(the Relevant Information ). By entering into this Agreement, the Optionee (i) authorizes the Company to collect, process,
register and transfer to the Relevant Companies all Relevant Information; (ii) waives any privacy rights the Optionee may have with respect
to the Relevant Information; (iii) authorizes the Relevant Companies to store and transmit such information in electronic form; and (iv)
authorizes the transfer of the Relevant Information to any jurisdiction in which the Relevant Companies consider appropriate. The Optionee
shall have access to, and the right to change, the Relevant Information. Relevant Information will only be used in accordance with applicable
law. 

12.
 Notices . Notices hereunder shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal place of business and shall be mailed
or delivered to the Optionee at the address on file with the Company or, in either case, at such other address as one party may subsequently
furnish to the other party in writing. 

13.
 Governing Law. This Agreement and the rights of all persons claiming hereunder will be construed and determined in accordance
with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to the choice of law principles thereof. 

14.
 Blackout Periods . The Optionee acknowledges that, from time to time as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, the Company
may establish blackout periods during which this Option may not be exercised. The Company may establish a blackout period
for any reason or for no reason. 

15.
 Other Laws . The Company shall have the right to refuse to issue or transfer any Option Shares under this Agreement if the Company
acting in its absolute discretion determines that the issuance or transfer of such Option Shares might violate any applicable law or
regulation, and any payment tendered in such event to exercise this Option shall be promptly refunded to the Optionee. 

16.
 Investment Intent . The Company may request the Optionee to hold any Option shares received upon the exercise of all or part of
the Option for personal investment and not for purposes of resale or distribution to the public and the Optionee shall, if so requested
by the Company, deliver a certified statement to that effect to the Company as a condition to the transfer of such Option Shares to the
Optionee. 

17.
 Compliance . In addition to the remedies of the Company elsewhere provided for herein, failure by Optionee to comply with any of
the terms and conditions of the Plan or this Agreement, unless such failure is remedied by such Optionee within ten days after having
been notified of such failure by the Committee, shall be grounds for the cancellation and forfeiture of such Option, in whole or in part,
as the Committee, in its absolute discretion, may determine. 

18.
 Severability . If any provision hereof is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be prohibited or unenforceable, it shall,
as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability, and such prohibition or unenforceability
shall not invalidate the balance of such provision to the extent it is not prohibited or unenforceable, nor invalidate the other provisions
hereof. 

19.
 Arbitration . If at any time there shall be a dispute arising out of or relating to any provision of this Agreement or any agreement
contemplated hereby, such dispute shall be submitted for binding and final determination by arbitration in accordance with the regulations
then obtaining of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) resulting from such arbitration
shall be in writing and shall be final and binding upon all involved parties. The site of any arbitration shall be within Mecklenburg
County, North Carolina. 

[Signature
Page Follows] 

Incentive Stock Option Agreement 5 

By
the Optionee s signature and the signature of the Company s representative below, the Optionee and the Company agree that
this Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of this Option Agreement and the Plan. The Optionee has reviewed
this Option Agreement and the Plan in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel before executing this Option
Agreement and fully understands all provisions of this Option Agreement and the Plan. The Optionee hereby agrees to accept as binding,
conclusive, and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committer upon any questions relating to this Agreement and the Plan. 

AMERGENT
 HOSPITALITY GROUP, INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Steve
 Hoelscher 

Title: 
 CFO 

The
foregoing Agreement is hereby accepted, and the terms and conditions thereof hereby agreed to by the undersigned Optionee. Electronic
acceptance of this Agreement pursuant to the Company s instructions to the Optionee (including through an online acceptance process)
is acceptable. The Optionee further agrees that the Company may deliver all documents relating to the Plan or this Option (including
prospectuses required by the Securities and Exchange Commission), and all other documents that the Company is required to deliver to
its security holders or the Optionee (including annual reports, proxy statements and financial statements), either by e-mail or by e-mail
notice of a Web site location where those documents have been posted. The Optionee may at any time (i) revoke this consent to e-mail
delivery of those documents; (ii) update the e-mail address for delivery of those documents; (iii) obtain at no charge a paper copy of
those documents, in each case by writing the Company at its principal place of business. The Optionee may request an electronic copy
of any of those documents by requesting a copy in writing from the Company. The Optionee understands that an e-mail account and appropriate
hardware and software, including a computer or compatible cell phone and an Internet connection, will be required to access documents
delivered by e-mail. 

OPTIONEE 

Signature:___________________________ 

Printed
 Name:_______________________ 

Optionee s
 address: 

Incentive Stock Option Agreement 6 

</EX-10.43>

<EX-10.44>
 11
 ex10-44.htm

Exhibit
10.44 

INCENTIVE
STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

UNDER
THE AMERGENT HOSPITALITY GROUP INC. 

 2021
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

This
INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT Agreement is between Amergent Hospitality Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ),
and the individual optionee specified below (the Optionee and is made and effective as of April 24, 2023 (the Effective
Date ). Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Amergent Hospitality Group Inc. 2021
Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 

1. Notice
 of Stock Option Grant . 

The
Company, pursuant to action of the Committee and in accordance with the Plan, grants to Optionee an Incentive Stock Option to purchase
common stock of the Company, 0.0001 par value per share Option Shares ), upon the terms and conditions set forth in the
Agreement: 

Name
 of Optionee 
 
 Steve
 Hoelscher 

Total
 Number of Option Shares 
 
 Option
 1: 33,333 
 Option
 2: 33,333 
 Option
 3: 33,334 

Fair
 Market Value per Option Share on Grant Date and Option Price 
 
 Fair
 Market Value: 0.16 
 Option
 1: 0.60 
 Option
 2: 1.00 
 Option
 3: 1.50 

Grant
 Date 
 
 April
 24, 2023 

Number
 of Option Shares Subject to Time Based Vesting 
 
 Option
 1: 33,333 
 
 Option
 2: 33,333 
 
 Option
 3: 33,334 

Time
 Based 
 Vesting Schedule 
 
 Option
 1: December 31, 2023 
 
 Option
 2: December 31, 2024 
 
 Option
 3: December 31, 2025 

Number
 of Option Shares Subject to Performance Based Vesting 
 
 N/A 

Performance
 Based 
 Vesting Schedule 
 
 N/A 

Expiration
 Date 
 
 April
 24, 2033 

Incentive Stock Option Agreement 1 

No
portion of this Option may be exercised until such portion shall have become exercisable. Subject to the discretion of the Committee
(as defined in the Plan) to accelerate the exercisability schedule hereunder, this Option shall be exercisable with respect to the number
of Option Shares on the dates indicated above so long as the Optionee remains an employee of the Company on such dates. Once exercisable,
this Option shall continue to be exercisable at any time or times prior to the close of business on the Expiration Date (set forth above),
subject to the provisions hereof and of the Plan. All or a portion of the Option Shares may vest based on length of Employment, as set
forth above, and the remainder of the Option Shares may vest based upon achievement of performance goals, as specified above. If the
number of Option Shares would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share, no fractional share shall be issued and instead the number
of Option Shares shall be increased or decreased to the nearest whole number. Any Option Shares that vest contingent upon performance
measures that fail to meet the performance goals set forth above shall be forfeited. In the event that the aggregate Fair Market Value
of shares of Common Stock with respect to the Option exercisable by Optionee in any calendar year exceeds 100,000, then the Option granted
hereunder to Optionee shall, to the extent and in the order required by regulations promulgated under the Code (or any other authority
having the force of regulations), automatically be deemed to be non-qualified Options, but all other terms and provisions of such Option
shall remain unchanged. 

2.
 Manner of Exercise . 

(a)
The Option may only be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the administrative procedures established by the Company
and/or the Committee from time to time. The exercise of the Option is subject to the Optionee making appropriate tax withholding arrangements
with the Company in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the administrative procedures established by the Company and/or the Committee
from time to time. 

(b)
The transfer to the Optionee on the records of the Company or of the transfer agent of the Option Shares will be contingent upon (i)
the Company s receipt from the Optionee of the full purchase price for the Option Shares (ii) the fulfillment of any other requirements
prescribed by the Committee, contained herein and in the Plan or in any other agreement or provision of laws, and (iii) the receipt by
the Company of any agreement, statement or other evidence that the Company may require to satisfy itself that the issuance of Option
Shares to be purchased pursuant to the exercise of Options under the Plan and any subsequent resale of the Option Shares will be in compliance
with applicable laws and regulations. 

(c)
The Option Shares purchased upon exercise of this Option shall be transferred to the Optionee on the records of the transfer agent upon
compliance, to the satisfaction of the Committee, with all requirements prescribed by the Committee and required under applicable laws
or regulations in connection with such transfer and with the requirements hereof and of the Plan. The determination of the Committee
as to such compliance shall be final and binding on the Optionee. The Optionee shall not be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any
of the rights of a holder with respect to, any Option Shares subject to this Option unless and until this Option shall have been exercised
pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company or the transfer agent shall have transferred the shares to the Optionee, and the Optionee s
name shall have been entered as the stockholder of record on the books of the Company. Thereupon, the Optionee shall have full voting,
dividend and other ownership rights with respect to such Option Shares. 

Incentive Stock Option Agreement 2 

(d)
No partial exercise of an Option shall be for an aggregate exercise price of less than 1,000.00, unless this minimum is waived by the
Committee. 

(e)
Notwithstanding any other provision hereof or of the Plan, no portion of this Option shall be exercisable after the Expiration Date hereof. 

3.
 Termination of Employment . If the Optionee s Employment by the Company or a Subsidiary is terminated, the period within
which to exercise the Option may be subject to earlier termination as set forth below. 

(a)
If Optionee s termination of Employment occurs prior to the Option s expiration date, for any reason whatsoever other than
death or authorized retirement (as defined in subparagraph (b) below), any unexercised portion of the Option shall terminate automatically. 

(b)
If Optionee retires upon reaching the Company s normal retirement age or earlier, with the written consent of the Company, because
of physical or mental disability (collectively, authorized retirement ), any unexercised or unvested portion of the Option
shall expire three months after the effective date of such authorized retirement. The Optionee may exercise all or any vested portion
of an Option from the date of his or her authorized retirement to three months thereafter. 

(c)
If prior to the expiration date of the Option, the Optionee dies while employed or engaged by the Company or its Subsidiary or within
three months of his or her authorized retirement, the Optionee s estate, heirs or legatees shall have the privilege of exercising
all of the unexercised Option within six months after the Optionee s death. 

Nothing
contained in this Section shall extend the time for exercising all or any part of the then unexercised portion of an Option. The Committee s
determination of the reason for termination of the Optionee s Employment shall be conclusive and binding on the Optionee and his
or her representatives or legatees. 

4.
 Adjustment upon Changes in Capitalization. The Option is subject to adjustment in the event of certain changes in the capitalization
of the Company, to the extent set forth in Section 8 of the Plan. 

5.
 Incorporation of Plan . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Option shall be subject to and governed by all the
terms and conditions of the Plan, including the powers of the Committee set forth in Section 4 of the Plan. Capitalized terms in this
Agreement shall have the meaning specified in the Plan, unless a different meaning is specified herein. If there is a conflict between
the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 

Incentive Stock Option Agreement 3 

6.
 Transferability . This Agreement is personal to the Optionee. The Option may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred,
or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of
an Optionee, only by Optionee. Upon the death of Optionee, the outstanding Option granted to such Optionee may be exercised only by the
executors or administrators of the Optionee s estate or by any person or persons who shall have acquired such right to exercise
by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. No transfer by will or the laws of descent and distribution of this Option, or the
right to exercise any Option, shall be effective to bind the Company unless the Committee shall have been furnished with (a) written
notice thereof and with a copy of the will and/or such evidence as the Committee may deem necessary to establish the validity of the
transfer and (b) an agreement by the transferee to comply with all the terms and conditions of the Option that are or would have been
applicable to the Option and to be bound by the acknowledgements made by the Optionee in connection with the grant of the Option. 

7.
 Status of the Option . This Option is intended to qualify as an incentive Option under Section 422 of the Code, but
the Company does not represent or warrant that this Option qualifies as such. The Optionee should consult with his or her own tax advisors
regarding the tax effects of this Option and the requirements necessary to obtain favorable income tax treatment under Section 422 of
the Code, including, but not limited to, holding period requirements. To the extent any portion of this Option does not so qualify as
an incentive option, such portion shall be deemed to be a non-qualified option. If the Optionee intends to dispose or does
dispose (whether by sale, gift, transfer or otherwise) of any Option Shares within the one-year period beginning on the date after the
transfer of such shares to him or her, or within the two-year period beginning on the day after the grant of this Option, he or she will
so notify the Company within 30 days after such disposition. 

8.
 Tax Withholding . The Optionee shall, not later than the date as of which the exercise of this Option becomes a taxable event for
Federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company or make arrangements satisfactory to the Committee for payment of any Federal, state,
and local taxes required by law to be withheld on account of such taxable event. The Company shall have the authority to cause the required
tax withholding obligation to be satisfied, in whole or in part, by withholding from Option Shares to be issued to the Optionee a number
of Option Shares with an aggregate fair market value that would satisfy the withholding amount due; provided, however, that the amount
withheld does not exceed the maximum statutory tax rate or such lesser amount as is necessary to avoid adverse accounting treatment or
as determined by the Committee. 

9.
 No Obligation to Continue Employment . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is obligated by or as a result of the Plan or this
Agreement to continue the Optionee in Employment and neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall interfere in any way with the right of
the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate the Employment of the Optionee at any time. 

10.
 Integration . This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to this Option and supersede
all prior agreements and discussions between the parties concerning such subject matter. 

Incentive Stock Option Agreement 4 

11.
 Data Privacy Consent . In order to administer the Plan and this Agreement and to implement or structure future equity grants, the
Company, its Subsidiaries and affiliates and certain agents thereof (together, the Relevant Companies may process any
and all personal or professional data, including but not limited to Social Security or other identification number, home address and
telephone number, date of birth and other information that is necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan and/or this Agreement
(the Relevant Information ). By entering into this Agreement, the Optionee (i) authorizes the Company to collect, process,
register and transfer to the Relevant Companies all Relevant Information; (ii) waives any privacy rights the Optionee may have with respect
to the Relevant Information; (iii) authorizes the Relevant Companies to store and transmit such information in electronic form; and (iv)
authorizes the transfer of the Relevant Information to any jurisdiction in which the Relevant Companies consider appropriate. The Optionee
shall have access to, and the right to change, the Relevant Information. Relevant Information will only be used in accordance with applicable
law. 

12.
 Notices . Notices hereunder shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal place of business and shall be mailed
or delivered to the Optionee at the address on file with the Company or, in either case, at such other address as one party may subsequently
furnish to the other party in writing. 

13.
 Governing Law. This Agreement and the rights of all persons claiming hereunder will be construed and determined in accordance
with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to the choice of law principles thereof. 

14.
 Blackout Periods . The Optionee acknowledges that, from time to time as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, the Company
may establish blackout periods during which this Option may not be exercised. The Company may establish a blackout period
for any reason or for no reason. 

15.
 Other Laws . The Company shall have the right to refuse to issue or transfer any Option Shares under this Agreement if the Company
acting in its absolute discretion determines that the issuance or transfer of such Option Shares might violate any applicable law or
regulation, and any payment tendered in such event to exercise this Option shall be promptly refunded to the Optionee. 

16.
 Investment Intent . The Company may request the Optionee to hold any Option shares received upon the exercise of all or part of
the Option for personal investment and not for purposes of resale or distribution to the public and the Optionee shall, if so requested
by the Company, deliver a certified statement to that effect to the Company as a condition to the transfer of such Option Shares to the
Optionee. 

17.
 Compliance . In addition to the remedies of the Company elsewhere provided for herein, failure by Optionee to comply with any of
the terms and conditions of the Plan or this Agreement, unless such failure is remedied by such Optionee within ten days after having
been notified of such failure by the Committee, shall be grounds for the cancellation and forfeiture of such Option, in whole or in part,
as the Committee, in its absolute discretion, may determine. 

18.
 Severability . If any provision hereof is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be prohibited or unenforceable, it shall,
as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability, and such prohibition or unenforceability
shall not invalidate the balance of such provision to the extent it is not prohibited or unenforceable, nor invalidate the other provisions
hereof. 

19.
 Arbitration . If at any time there shall be a dispute arising out of or relating to any provision of this Agreement or any agreement
contemplated hereby, such dispute shall be submitted for binding and final determination by arbitration in accordance with the regulations
then obtaining of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) resulting from such arbitration
shall be in writing and shall be final and binding upon all involved parties. The site of any arbitration shall be within Mecklenburg
County, North Carolina. 

[Signature
Page Follows] 

Incentive Stock Option Agreement 5 

By
the Optionee s signature and the signature of the Company s representative below, the Optionee and the Company agree that
this Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of this Option Agreement and the Plan. The Optionee has reviewed
this Option Agreement and the Plan in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel before executing this Option
Agreement and fully understands all provisions of this Option Agreement and the Plan. The Optionee hereby agrees to accept as binding,
conclusive, and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committer upon any questions relating to this Agreement and the Plan. 

AMERGENT
 HOSPITALITY GROUP, INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Michael
 D. Pruitt 

Title: 
 CEO 

The
foregoing Agreement is hereby accepted, and the terms and conditions thereof hereby agreed to by the undersigned Optionee. Electronic
acceptance of this Agreement pursuant to the Company s instructions to the Optionee (including through an online acceptance process)
is acceptable. The Optionee further agrees that the Company may deliver all documents relating to the Plan or this Option (including
prospectuses required by the Securities and Exchange Commission), and all other documents that the Company is required to deliver to
its security holders or the Optionee (including annual reports, proxy statements and financial statements), either by e-mail or by e-mail
notice of a Web site location where those documents have been posted. The Optionee may at any time (i) revoke this consent to e-mail
delivery of those documents; (ii) update the e-mail address for delivery of those documents; (iii) obtain at no charge a paper copy of
those documents, in each case by writing the Company at its principal place of business. The Optionee may request an electronic copy
of any of those documents by requesting a copy in writing from the Company. The Optionee understands that an e-mail account and appropriate
hardware and software, including a computer or compatible cell phone and an Internet connection, will be required to access documents
delivered by e-mail. 

OPTIONEE 

Signature:___________________________ 

Printed
 Name:_______________________ 

Optionee s
 address: 

Incentive Stock Option Agreement 6 

</EX-10.44>

<EX-10.45>
 12
 ex10-45.htm

Exhibit
10.45 

INCENTIVE
STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

UNDER
THE AMERGENT HOSPITALITY GROUP INC. 

 2021
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

This
INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT Agreement is between Amergent Hospitality Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ),
and the individual optionee specified below (the Optionee and is made and effective as of February 1, 2023 (the Effective
Date ). Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Amergent Hospitality Group Inc. 2021
Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). 

1. Notice of Stock Option Grant . 

The
Company, pursuant to action of the Committee and in accordance with the Plan, grants to Optionee an Incentive Stock Option to purchase
common stock of the Company, 0.0001 par value per share Option Shares ), upon the terms and conditions set forth in the
Agreement: 

Name
 of Optionee 
 
 Mark Anthony Whittle 

Total
 Number of Option Shares 
 
 Option
 1: 46,667 
 Option
 2: 46,667 
 Option
 3: 46,666 

Fair
 Market Value per Option Share on Grant Date and Option Price 
 
 Fair
 Market Value: 0.224 
 Option
 1: 0.60 
 Option
 2: 1.00 
 Option
 3: 1.50 

Grant
 Date 
 
 January 27, 2023 

Number
 of Option Shares Subject to Time Based Vesting 
 
 Option
 1: 46,667 
 Option
 2: 46,667 
 Option
 3: 46,666 

Time
 Based 
 Vesting Schedule 
 
 Option
 1: January 11, 2024 
 Option
 2: January 11, 2025 
 Option
 3: January 11, 2026 

Number
 of Option Shares Subject to Performance Based Vesting 
 
 N/A 

Performance
 Based 
 Vesting Schedule 
 
 N/A 

Expiration
 Date 
 
 January 11, 2033 

Incentive Stock Option Agreement 1 

No
portion of this Option may be exercised until such portion shall have become exercisable. Subject to the discretion of the Committee
(as defined in the Plan) to accelerate the exercisability schedule hereunder, this Option shall be exercisable with respect to the number
of Option Shares on the dates indicated above so long as the Optionee remains an employee of the Company on such dates. Once exercisable,
this Option shall continue to be exercisable at any time or times prior to the close of business on the Expiration Date (set forth above),
subject to the provisions hereof and of the Plan. All or a portion of the Option Shares may vest based on length of Employment, as set
forth above, and the remainder of the Option Shares may vest based upon achievement of performance goals, as specified above. If the
number of Option Shares would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share, no fractional share shall be issued and instead the number
of Option Shares shall be increased or decreased to the nearest whole number. Any Option Shares that vest contingent upon performance
measures that fail to meet the performance goals set forth above shall be forfeited. In the event that the aggregate Fair Market Value
of shares of Common Stock with respect to the Option exercisable by Optionee in any calendar year exceeds 100,000, then the Option granted
hereunder to Optionee shall, to the extent and in the order required by regulations promulgated under the Code (or any other authority
having the force of regulations), automatically be deemed to be non-qualified Options, but all other terms and provisions of such Option
shall remain unchanged. 

2.
 Manner of Exercise . 

(a)
The Option may only be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the administrative procedures established by the Company
and/or the Committee from time to time. The exercise of the Option is subject to the Optionee making appropriate tax withholding arrangements
with the Company in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the administrative procedures established by the Company and/or the Committee
from time to time. 

(b)
The transfer to the Optionee on the records of the Company or of the transfer agent of the Option Shares will be contingent upon (i)
the Company s receipt from the Optionee of the full purchase price for the Option Shares (ii) the fulfillment of any other requirements
prescribed by the Committee, contained herein and in the Plan or in any other agreement or provision of laws, and (iii) the receipt by
the Company of any agreement, statement or other evidence that the Company may require to satisfy itself that the issuance of Option
Shares to be purchased pursuant to the exercise of Options under the Plan and any subsequent resale of the Option Shares will be in compliance
with applicable laws and regulations. 

(c)
The Option Shares purchased upon exercise of this Option shall be transferred to the Optionee on the records of the transfer agent upon
compliance, to the satisfaction of the Committee, with all requirements prescribed by the Committee and required under applicable laws
or regulations in connection with such transfer and with the requirements hereof and of the Plan. The determination of the Committee
as to such compliance shall be final and binding on the Optionee. The Optionee shall not be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any
of the rights of a holder with respect to, any Option Shares subject to this Option unless and until this Option shall have been exercised
pursuant to the terms hereof, the Company or the transfer agent shall have transferred the shares to the Optionee, and the Optionee s
name shall have been entered as the stockholder of record on the books of the Company. Thereupon, the Optionee shall have full voting,
dividend and other ownership rights with respect to such Option Shares. 

Incentive Stock Option Agreement 2 

(d)
No partial exercise of an Option shall be for an aggregate exercise price of less than 1,000.00, unless this minimum is waived by the
Committee. 

(e)
Notwithstanding any other provision hereof or of the Plan, no portion of this Option shall be exercisable after the Expiration Date hereof. 

3.
 Termination of Employment . If the Optionee s Employment by the Company or a Subsidiary is terminated, the period within
which to exercise the Option may be subject to earlier termination as set forth below. 

(a)
If Optionee s termination of Employment occurs prior to the Option s expiration date, for any reason whatsoever other than
death or authorized retirement (as defined in subparagraph (b) below), any unexercised portion of the Option shall terminate automatically. 

(b)
If Optionee retires upon reaching the Company s normal retirement age or earlier, with the written consent of the Company, because
of physical or mental disability (collectively, authorized retirement ), any unexercised or unvested portion of the Option
shall expire three months after the effective date of such authorized retirement. The Optionee may exercise all or any vested portion
of an Option from the date of his or her authorized retirement to three months thereafter. 

(c)
If prior to the expiration date of the Option, the Optionee dies while employed or engaged by the Company or its Subsidiary or within
three months of his or her authorized retirement, the Optionee s estate, heirs or legatees shall have the privilege of exercising
all of the unexercised Option within six months after the Optionee s death. 

Nothing
contained in this Section shall extend the time for exercising all or any part of the then unexercised portion of an Option. The Committee s
determination of the reason for termination of the Optionee s Employment shall be conclusive and binding on the Optionee and his
or her representatives or legatees. 

4.
 Adjustment upon Changes in Capitalization. The Option is subject to adjustment in the event of certain changes in the capitalization
of the Company, to the extent set forth in Section 8 of the Plan. 

5.
 Incorporation of Plan . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, this Option shall be subject to and governed by all the
terms and conditions of the Plan, including the powers of the Committee set forth in Section 4 of the Plan. Capitalized terms in this
Agreement shall have the meaning specified in the Plan, unless a different meaning is specified herein. If there is a conflict between
the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. 

Incentive Stock Option Agreement 3 

6.
 Transferability . This Agreement is personal to the Optionee. The Option may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred,
or disposed of in any manner other than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised, during the lifetime of
an Optionee, only by Optionee. Upon the death of Optionee, the outstanding Option granted to such Optionee may be exercised only by the
executors or administrators of the Optionee s estate or by any person or persons who shall have acquired such right to exercise
by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. No transfer by will or the laws of descent and distribution of this Option, or the
right to exercise any Option, shall be effective to bind the Company unless the Committee shall have been furnished with (a) written
notice thereof and with a copy of the will and/or such evidence as the Committee may deem necessary to establish the validity of the
transfer and (b) an agreement by the transferee to comply with all the terms and conditions of the Option that are or would have been
applicable to the Option and to be bound by the acknowledgements made by the Optionee in connection with the grant of the Option. 

7.
 Status of the Option . This Option is intended to qualify as an incentive Option under Section 422 of the Code, but
the Company does not represent or warrant that this Option qualifies as such. The Optionee should consult with his or her own tax advisors
regarding the tax effects of this Option and the requirements necessary to obtain favorable income tax treatment under Section 422 of
the Code, including, but not limited to, holding period requirements. To the extent any portion of this Option does not so qualify as
an incentive option, such portion shall be deemed to be a non-qualified option. If the Optionee intends to dispose or does
dispose (whether by sale, gift, transfer or otherwise) of any Option Shares within the one-year period beginning on the date after the
transfer of such shares to him or her, or within the two-year period beginning on the day after the grant of this Option, he or she will
so notify the Company within 30 days after such disposition. 

8.
 Tax Withholding . The Optionee shall, not later than the date as of which the exercise of this Option becomes a taxable event for
Federal income tax purposes, pay to the Company or make arrangements satisfactory to the Committee for payment of any Federal, state,
and local taxes required by law to be withheld on account of such taxable event. The Company shall have the authority to cause the required
tax withholding obligation to be satisfied, in whole or in part, by withholding from Option Shares to be issued to the Optionee a number
of Option Shares with an aggregate fair market value that would satisfy the withholding amount due; provided, however, that the amount
withheld does not exceed the maximum statutory tax rate or such lesser amount as is necessary to avoid adverse accounting treatment or
as determined by the Committee. 

9.
 No Obligation to Continue Employment . Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is obligated by or as a result of the Plan or this
Agreement to continue the Optionee in Employment and neither the Plan nor this Agreement shall interfere in any way with the right of
the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate the Employment of the Optionee at any time. 

10.
 Integration . This Agreement and the Plan constitute the entire agreement between the parties with respect to this Option and supersede
all prior agreements and discussions between the parties concerning such subject matter. 

Incentive Stock Option Agreement 4 

11.
 Data Privacy Consent . In order to administer the Plan and this Agreement and to implement or structure future equity grants, the
Company, its Subsidiaries and affiliates and certain agents thereof (together, the Relevant Companies may process any
and all personal or professional data, including but not limited to Social Security or other identification number, home address and
telephone number, date of birth and other information that is necessary or desirable for the administration of the Plan and/or this Agreement
(the Relevant Information ). By entering into this Agreement, the Optionee (i) authorizes the Company to collect, process,
register and transfer to the Relevant Companies all Relevant Information; (ii) waives any privacy rights the Optionee may have with respect
to the Relevant Information; (iii) authorizes the Relevant Companies to store and transmit such information in electronic form; and (iv)
authorizes the transfer of the Relevant Information to any jurisdiction in which the Relevant Companies consider appropriate. The Optionee
shall have access to, and the right to change, the Relevant Information. Relevant Information will only be used in accordance with applicable
law. 

12.
 Notices . Notices hereunder shall be mailed or delivered to the Company at its principal place of business and shall be mailed
or delivered to the Optionee at the address on file with the Company or, in either case, at such other address as one party may subsequently
furnish to the other party in writing. 

13.
 Governing Law. This Agreement and the rights of all persons claiming hereunder will be construed and determined in accordance
with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to the choice of law principles thereof. 

14.
 Blackout Periods . The Optionee acknowledges that, from time to time as determined by the Company in its sole discretion, the Company
may establish blackout periods during which this Option may not be exercised. The Company may establish a blackout period
for any reason or for no reason. 

15.
 Other Laws . The Company shall have the right to refuse to issue or transfer any Option Shares under this Agreement if the Company
acting in its absolute discretion determines that the issuance or transfer of such Option Shares might violate any applicable law or
regulation, and any payment tendered in such event to exercise this Option shall be promptly refunded to the Optionee. 

16.
 Investment Intent . The Company may request the Optionee to hold any Option shares received upon the exercise of all or part of
the Option for personal investment and not for purposes of resale or distribution to the public and the Optionee shall, if so requested
by the Company, deliver a certified statement to that effect to the Company as a condition to the transfer of such Option Shares to the
Optionee. 

17.
 Compliance . In addition to the remedies of the Company elsewhere provided for herein, failure by Optionee to comply with any of
the terms and conditions of the Plan or this Agreement, unless such failure is remedied by such Optionee within ten days after having
been notified of such failure by the Committee, shall be grounds for the cancellation and forfeiture of such Option, in whole or in part,
as the Committee, in its absolute discretion, may determine. 

18.
 Severability . If any provision hereof is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be prohibited or unenforceable, it shall,
as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability, and such prohibition or unenforceability
shall not invalidate the balance of such provision to the extent it is not prohibited or unenforceable, nor invalidate the other provisions
hereof. 

19.
 Arbitration . If at any time there shall be a dispute arising out of or relating to any provision of this Agreement or any agreement
contemplated hereby, such dispute shall be submitted for binding and final determination by arbitration in accordance with the regulations
then obtaining of the American Arbitration Association. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) resulting from such arbitration
shall be in writing and shall be final and binding upon all involved parties. The site of any arbitration shall be within Mecklenburg
County, North Carolina. 

[Signature
Page Follows] 

Incentive Stock Option Agreement 5 

By
the Optionee s signature and the signature of the Company s representative below, the Optionee and the Company agree that
this Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of this Option Agreement and the Plan. The Optionee has reviewed
this Option Agreement and the Plan in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel before executing this Option
Agreement and fully understands all provisions of this Option Agreement and the Plan. The Optionee hereby agrees to accept as binding,
conclusive, and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committer upon any questions relating to this Agreement and the Plan. 

AMERGENT
 HOSPITALITY GROUP INC. 

By: 

Name: 
 Michael D. Pruitt 

Title: 
 CEO 

Date: 

The
foregoing Agreement is hereby accepted, and the terms and conditions thereof hereby agreed to by the undersigned Optionee. Electronic
acceptance of this Agreement pursuant to the Company s instructions to the Optionee (including through an online acceptance process)
is acceptable. The Optionee further agrees that the Company may deliver all documents relating to the Plan or this Option (including
prospectuses required by the Securities and Exchange Commission), and all other documents that the Company is required to deliver to
its security holders or the Optionee (including annual reports, proxy statements and financial statements), either by e-mail or by e-mail
notice of a Web site location where those documents have been posted. The Optionee may at any time (i) revoke this consent to e-mail
delivery of those documents; (ii) update the e-mail address for delivery of those documents; (iii) obtain at no charge a paper copy of
those documents, in each case by writing the Company at its principal place of business. The Optionee may request an electronic copy
of any of those documents by requesting a copy in writing from the Company. The Optionee understands that an e-mail account and appropriate
hardware and software, including a computer or compatible cell phone and an Internet connection, will be required to access documents
delivered by e-mail. 

OPTIONEE 

Signature:___________________________ 

Printed
 Name:_______________________ 

Date: 

Optionee s
 address: 

Incentive Stock Option Agreement 6 

</EX-10.45>

<EX-21.1>
 13
 ex21-1.htm

EXHIBIT
21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF AMERGENT HOSPITALITY GROUP INC. 

Amergent
 Hospitality Group, Inc. 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Incorporation 
 
 Percent
 owned 

American
 Roadside Burgers, Inc. 
 
 DE,
 USA 

American
 Burger Ally, LLC 
 
 NC,
 USA 
 
 100 

American
 Burger Morehead, LLC 
 
 NC,
 USA 
 
 100 

American
 Burger Prosperity, LLC 
 
 NC,
 USA 
 
 50 

American
 Roadside Burgers Smithtown, Inc. 
 
 DE,
 USA 
 
 100 

BGR
 Acquisition, LLC 
 
 NC,
 USA 
 
 100 

BGR
 Franchising, LLC 
 
 VA,
 USA 
 
 100 

BGR
 Operations, LLC 
 
 VA,
 USA 
 
 100 

BGR
 Acquisition 1, LLC 
 
 NC,
 USA 
 
 100 

BGR
 Annapolis, LLC 
 
 MD,
 USA 
 
 100 

BGR
 Arlington, LLC 
 
 VA,
 USA 
 
 46 

BGR
 Columbia, LLC 
 
 MD,
 USA 
 
 100 

BGR
 Michigan Ave, LLC 
 
 DC,
 USA 
 
 100 

BGR
 Mosaic, LLC 
 
 VA,
 USA 
 
 100 

BGR
 Old Keene Mill, LLC 
 
 VA,
 USA 
 
 100 

BGR
 Washingtonian, LLC 
 
 MD,
 USA 
 
 46 

Capitol
 Burger, LLC 
 
 MD,
 USA 
 
 100 

BT
 Burger Acquisition, LLC 
 
 NC,
 USA 
 
 100 

BT s
 Burgerjoint Rivergate LLC 
 
 NC,
 USA 
 
 100 

BT s
 Burgerjoint Sun Valley, LLC 
 
 NC,
 USA 
 
 100 

LBB
 Acquisition, LLC 
 
 NC,
 USA 
 
 100 

Cuarto
 LLC 
 
 OR,
 USA 
 
 100 

LBB
 Acquisition 1 LLC 
 
 OR,
 USA 
 
 100 

LBB
 Hassalo LLC 
 
 OR,
 USA 
 
 80 

LBB
 Platform LLC 
 
 OR,
 USA 
 
 80 

LBB
 Capitol Hill LLC 
 
 WA,
 USA 
 
 50 

LBB
 Franchising LLC 
 
 NC,
 USA 
 
 100 

LBB
 Green Lake LLC 
 
 OR,
 USA 
 
 50 

LBB
 Lake Oswego LLC 
 
 OR,
 USA 
 
 100 

LBB
 Magnolia Plaza LLC 
 
 NC,
 USA 
 
 50 

LBB
 Multnomah Village LLC 
 
 OR,
 USA 
 
 50 

LBB
 Progress Ridge LLC 
 
 OR,
 USA 
 
 50 

LBB
 Rea Farms LLC 
 
 NC,
 USA 
 
 50 

LBB
 Wallingford LLC 
 
 WA,
 USA 
 
 50 

LBB
 Downtown PDX LLC 
 
 WA,
 USA 
 
 100 

Noveno
 LLC 
 
 OR,
 USA 
 
 100 

Octavo
 LLC 
 
 OR,
 USA 
 
 100 

Primero
 LLC 
 
 OR,
 USA 
 
 100 

Quinto
 LLC 
 
 OR,
 USA 
 
 100 

Segundo
 LLC 
 
 OR,
 USA 
 
 100 

Septimo
 LLC 
 
 OR,
 USA 
 
 100 

Sexto
 LLC 
 
 OR,
 USA 
 
 100 

LBB
 University of Oregon LLC 
 
 OR,
 USA 
 
 100 

Jantzen
 Beach Wings, LLC 
 
 OR,
 USA 
 
 100 

Oregon
 Owl s Nest, LLC 
 
 OR,
 USA 
 
 100 

West
 End Wings LTD (sold in 2021) 
 
 United
 Kingdom 
 
 100 

Pie
 Squared Holdings LLC 
 
 DE,
 USA 
 
 100 

PizzaRev
 Franchising LLC 
 
 DE,
 USA 
 
 100 

Pie
 Squared Pizza LLC 
 
 CA,
 USA 
 
 100 

Pie
 Squared Austin LLC 
 
 DE,
 USA 
 
 100 

PizzaRev
 IP Holdings LLC 
 
 DE,
 USA 
 
 100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22>
 14
 ex22ii.htm

Exhibit
22(II) 

AMERGENT
HOSPITALITY GROUP INC. 

AFFILIATE
GUARANTEES 

Oz
Rey, LLC holds a first priority secured note with a principal balance of 4,037,889, guaranteed by all of Amergent s subsidiaries.
Oz Rey s security interest is subordinate only to certain interests of holders of Series 2 Preferred stock. 

</EX-22>

<EX-31.1>
 15
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Michael D. Pruitt, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Amergent Hospitality Group Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d. 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b. 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 July 14, 2023 
 /s/
 Michael D. Pruitt 

Michael
 D. Pruitt 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 16
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Stephen Hoelscher, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Amergent Hospitality Group Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: July 14, 2023 
 /s/ Stephen Hoelscher 

Stephen Hoelscher 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 17
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Amergent Hospitality Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Michael D. Pruitt, Chief Executive Officer
of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that, to the best of his knowledge and belief: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

AMERGENT HOSPITALITY GROUP INC. 

Date: July 14, 2023 
 By: 
 / s/ Michael D. Pruitt 

Michael D. Pruitt 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 18
 ex32-2.htm

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Amergent Hospitality Group Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Stephen Hoelscher, Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that, to the best of his knowledge and belief, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

AMERGENT HOSPITALITY GROUP INC. 

Date: July 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Stephen Hoelscher 

Stephen Hoelscher 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 27
 amhg-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 29
 amhg-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 30
 amhg-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 31
 amhg-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

