<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230830_10-K_edgar_data_1941360_0001683168-23-006160.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1629093</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>54228</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>416152</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>347400</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>328646</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>444389</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-006160.hdr.sgml : 20230830
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230830103057
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-006160
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230830
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230830

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Neolara Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001941360
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GEN BUILDING CONTRACTORS - RESIDENTIAL BUILDINGS [1520]
		IRS NUMBER:				981674969
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-267330
		FILM NUMBER:		231223959

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O REGISTERED AGENTS INC.
		STREET 2:		30 N. GOULD ST. STE R
		CITY:			SHERIDAN
		STATE:			WY
		ZIP:			82801
		BUSINESS PHONE:		307-269-0177

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O REGISTERED AGENTS INC.
		STREET 2:		30 N. GOULD ST. STE R
		CITY:			SHERIDAN
		STATE:			WY
		ZIP:			82801

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-006160.txt : 20230830

10-K
 1
 neolara_i10k-063023.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Mark One 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______ to _______ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

1520 
 
 EIN 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (Primary Standard Industrial Classification Code Number) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification Number) 

, , 

 +1 

 neolaracorp@gmail.com 

 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number,
including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Registered Agents Inc 
30 N Gould St. Ste R 
Sheridan, WY 82801 
307-655-7303 

 (Name, address, including zip code, and telephone
number, including area code, of agent for service) 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/a 
 
 N/a 
 
 N/a 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes 

Indicate by check mark
if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 

 Yes 

Indicate by checkmark whether the issuer: (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting company ,
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one) 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting
firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those
error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the
registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant is
a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

Indicate by checkmark whether the issuer has filed
all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 after the distribution
of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No 

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price
at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each
of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the most practicable date: 

Class 
 Outstanding as of August 30, 2023 
 
 Common Stock: 0.0001 

NEOLARA CORP. 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Description of Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 4 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 4 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 4 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 4 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 4 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 5 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 6 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 6 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 7 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 7 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 18 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 18 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 19 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons of the Company 
 20 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 21 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 22 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 22 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 23 

Signatures 
 24 

i 

PART I 

Item 1. Description
of Business 

Description of Business 

 Neolara Corp. is a development company on start-up
stage, formed to commence operations concerned with turnkey construction of buildings and building materials. We were incorporated under
the laws of the state of Wyoming on June 09, 2022. From our formation we were engaged in the business of namely the development, marketing
and business process analysis, problem solving and general business services by our CEO, sole Officer and Director Mr. Quesada Murillo.
Our executive and business office is located at Contiguo a la Guardia de Asistencia Rural, San Vito, Coto Brus, Puntarenas, 60801, Costa
Rica, and our telephone number is +1 307 269 0177. Our website address is - https://neolara-construction.com/ 

We maintain our statutory registered agent s
office at 30 N Gould St Ste R, Sheridan, WY 82801. 

The Company has only recently commenced operations
as a development-stage company, and it has limited operating history and is expected to experience losses in the near term. The Company s
independent auditors have issued a report raising substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

The Russia-Ukraine war could negatively impact
on our business. Russia s invasion of Ukraine has triggered turmoil in construction-related markets, already strained by pandemic
and rising inflation on a global scale. As the Russia-Ukraine conflict enters on for months, the construction industry is bracing for
more shocks, shortages, and price hikes. 

Corona virus (COVID-19) outbreaks have severely
disrupted the economy. Construction and engineering projects around the world have been jeopardize in various way by the COVID-19 pandemic
and many projects have closed. As a result, there has been a financial recession in the construction industry in almost all countries
and has created unemployment. All in all, this situation has caused great concern, uncertainty and unrest in the construction industry. 

We are a development stage company and currently
have no revenues or significant assets and we have incurred losses since its inception. As of March 31, 2023 our total assets were 56,380
and our total current liabilities were 72,303. 

We are providing the useful and effective type
of construction service. Neolara Corp. is construction and architectural company that provide services including General Contractor, Design
 Consultant, Design Build, Construction Project Management and Turnkey Construction of various types of buildings (private
houses, high-rise buildings, shopping centers, non-residential premises etc.). Our company mainly engages in supplying coconut fiber concrete,
and engineering services. We are offering our construction services to the clients in Costa Rica and in future we are going to spread
our services to other countries. 

We bought a company Futureproof Eco Solutions
LLC because of its unique registration of the patent, the Company Purchase Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Registration Statement.
This patent is about: the invention relates to the production of lightweight concrete based on Portland cement and wood filler and can
be used for the manufacture of building material intended for industrial, agricultural and civil construction. The mixture consists of
Portland cement, wood filler, calcium chloride and water. The mixture also contains sand as a binder additive. Additionally, to increase
the strength of the material, coconut fiber is added to the mixture in an amount of 5 . The achieved technical result is that the mixture
has a compressive strength 1.2-1.5 times greater than standard building mixtures. In addition, the consumption of Portland cement is reduced
by an average of 20 . 

On January 09, 2023 we have paid the seller of
Futureproof Eco Solutions LLC the amount of 8,500 for the purchased asset and we intend to pay the rest of the amount during 365 days
as defined in our purchase agreement. 

1 

Description of the patent: 

The patent which we have purchased together with
the Company Futureproof Eco Solutions LLC is about: 

Coconut husks are a byproduct of coconut processing,
and coir fiber can be produced cheaply and efficiently anywhere in the world. Since concrete is the most commonly used construction material
in the world, it would certainly be beneficial to find ways to increase its stability and strength. Coir fiber has been shown to be an
effective material for reinforcing concrete, a valuable use for a byproduct of coconut processing. 

Using coir fiber reduces the rate of the depletion
of other natural resources and provides positive economic returns for coconut cultivators. Coir fiber is the toughest of all of the natural
fibers. Rigorous testing has shown that coir fiber-reinforced concrete is stronger than concrete without coir fiber and has improved mechanical
and dynamic properties. 

Coconut fibers mitigate crack development in concrete
structures that are near water or in places where structures are prone to other environmental stresses, such as earthquakes. 

Since coconut fiber is not as dense as concrete,
it reduces the overall weight of a structure, making it ideal for producing a lightweight form of concrete. Coir also has low thermal
conductivity, which allows for natural cooling. oconut fiber has great potential as a replacement for steel as a material for reinforcing
concrete. It is also beneficial because it is strong, cheap to make, and naturally cooling. 

Coir fiber-reinforced concrete has many advantages.
Since coir fiber is a byproduct of coconut processing, it is a readily available substance, and utilizing coir in buildings has positive
cost-benefit implications. 

Coir, as a natural reinforcement material, can
be collected cheaply and efficiently using local labor and technology. With the quest to find affordable housing options for rural and
urban populations around the world still unfinished, developers must start looking at new building methods and incorporating alternative,
innovative measures. Research into coconut fiber suggests that it has significant potential as a durable, low-cost building material. 

Our business intended to provide clients with
a convenient and effective construction consulting services via multiple communication channels: phone calls, chat and messenger. Our
Neolara website enables consumers to find the best construction workers for their needs and get a real-time a professional consultation
from highly experienced builders. 

We are offering such services to our clients: 

turnkey construction 

Turnkey construction is a building solution that
drastically simplifies things for the owner of the future project. With this type of project, the contractor is given the responsibility
for design and construction work. The owner need only wait for the contractor get the job done, and then when the project is finished,
he or she is able to turn the key and start using the new building or facility. 

2 

We plan to build not only residential but also
commercial real estate: 

Private houses, high-rise buildings, flats, apartments, farm houses
- these are the largely sold residential properties. Built amidst the excellent infrastructure and equipped with all modern facilities,
each of these properties has its own charm; 

Commercial complexes, warehouses and offices. These properties
we plan to construct with modern amenities and spacious interiors to accommodate all goods and office equipment efficiently; 

Retail shopping malls and community centers. We will construct
shopping malls and community centers keeping in mind the shopping needs of the consumers these days; 

Staff quarters and hostels; 

Restaurants, hotels, food courts, banquet halls and auditoriums; 

Buildings for hospitals and nursing homes 

Market overview 

 The outbreak of the virus has led to temporary
in activities across various industries including construction. Implementation of global lockdown and social distancing have resulted
in shutdown of construction activities as laborers and workers were not allowed to work, and companies had to close the project due to
lack of construction workers. Moreover, ban over imports and exports have resulted in the lack of raw materials, which, in turn, negatively
affects the market. However, the market is quick to recover after normalization as companies are strategizing towards revenue development,
which, in turn, increases the number of construction projects. This increase in construction projects boosts consumption of concrete. 

Competition 

 The market of construction and building materials
is highly competitive. Our competitors are substantially larger and more experienced than us and have longer operating histories and have
materially greater financial and other resources than us. 

Marketing 

 We intend to conduct marketing activities in such
ways: 

to embrace Social Media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn). These
platforms can help us to build a great referral community to pass on our name and advertise our services by word of mouth
via the Internet. 

to create A Newsletter. We will Use a newsletter to highlight projects we are working on or have completed. Newsletters will be the perfect
tool for establishing and maintaining a relationship with our customers. 

to make An Impact With Video. Creating just one video can provide us with
a marketing tool that can be on our website, in our social media posts and emailed out in our newsletter. 

to build a Partnership. No building is made up of only one material. Partnerships
are essential in the construction business. And, they can be terrific lead builders. We have to work with trusted vendors to build a partnership
list. LinkedIn is one of the best platforms for sourcing potential partners. 
 
 to use PPC To Bring In Qualified Leads. PPC (Pay Per Click), also known as Paid Advertising , is a highly
effective way to get us in front of the right audience AND garner more qualified leads. 

to Establish A GREAT Website (we are planning to add Construction Calculator service to our
website). 

to place outdoor display advertisements in public transportation terminals, in residential complexes in
selected cities, in shopping centers, in construction stores and to rent billboards in Costa Rica. 

intend to cooperate with media platforms and place banner advertisements or advertorials on construction-focused
platforms. 

3 

Bankruptcy or Similar Proceedings 

 We have never been subject to bankruptcy, receivership
or any similar proceeding. 

Employees; Identification of certain significant
employees 

 We have no employees other than our sole officer
and director, Julio Antonio Quesada Murillo. 

Insurance 

 We do not maintain any insurance and do not intend
to maintain insurance in the future. 

Facilities and Executive Offices 

 Our corporate headquarters is located at Contiguo
a la Guardia de Asistencia Rural, San Vito, Coto Brus, Puntarenas, 60801, Costa Rica and our phone number is +1 307 269 0177. Further,
this space has been provided by our sole executive Mr. Julio Antonio Quesada Murillo free of cost. We consider our current principal office
space arrangement adequate and will reassess our needs based upon the future growth of the company. 

Government and industry regulation 

 We will be subject to applicable laws and regulations
that relate directly or indirectly to our operations including United States securities laws. We will be required to comply with all regulations,
rules and directives of governmental authorities and agencies applicable to our services in Costa Rica and to operation of any facility
in any jurisdiction which we would conduct activities. We believe that government regulation will have no material impact on the way we
conduct our business. 

Item 1A. Risk
Factors 

Not applicable to smaller
reporting companies. 

Item 1B. Unresolved
Staff Comments 

Not applicable to smaller
reporting companies. 

Item 2. Description
of Property 

We do not own any real
estate or other properties. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We know of no legal proceedings
to which we are a party or to which any of our property is the subject which are pending, threatened, or contemplated or any unsatisfied
judgments against us. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

4 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Common Equity and Related
Stockholder Matters 

MARKET INFORMATION 

There is a limited public
market for our common shares. Our common shares are not quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board at this time. Trading in stocks quoted on the
OTC Bulletin Board is often thin and is characterized by wide fluctuations in trading prices due to many factors that may be unrelated
to a company s operations or business prospects. We cannot assure you that there will be a market in the future for our common stock. 

As of June 30, 2023,
no shares of our common stock are traded. 

HOLDERS 

As of June 30, 2023,
the Company had 2,050,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding held by a total of 3 shareholders of record. 

DIVIDEND POLICY 

We have not declared
or paid dividends on our common stock since our formation, and we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. Declaration
or payment of dividends, if any, in the future, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on our then current
financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. There are
no contractual restrictions on our ability to declare or pay dividends. 

SECURITIES AUTHORIZED UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION
PLANS 

We have no equity compensation
or stock option plans. 

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED
SECURITIES 

The Company has 75,000,000,
 0.001 par value shares of common stock authorized. 

During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company
issued 2,000,000 shares of common stock to a director for cash proceeds of 200 at 0.0001 per share. 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company
issued 50,000 shares of common stock for cash proceeds of 1,500 at 0.03 per share. 

There were 2,050,000 and 2,000,000 shares of common
stock issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

5 

OTHER STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS 

None. 

Item 6. Selected Financial
Data 

Not applicable to smaller
reporting companies . 

Item 7. Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Results of Operations
for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Results of Operation 

Our financial statements have been prepared assuming
that we will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability and realization of
assets and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in operation. 

We expect we will require additional capital to
meet our long-term operating requirements. We expect to raise additional capital through, among other things, the sale of equity or debt
securities. 

Years Ended June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

During the years ended
June 30, 2023 and 2022 we have generated 7,800 and 0 in revenues, respectively. The cost of goods sold for the years ended June 30,
2023 and 2022 were 9,680 and 0. 

For the year ended June 30, 2023 operating expenses
were 23,588. Operating expenses consist of mainly general and administrative expenses and professional fees. 

For the year ended June
30, 2022 operating expenses were 200. 

Our net loss for the
years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 were 25,468 and 200, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of June 30, 2023,
our total assets were 64,450 consisting of cash of 12,200 and intangible assets of 52,250. As of June 30, 2023, our current liabilities
were 88,418 consisting of deferred income of 12,800 and related party advances of 75,618. 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities for
years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

For the year ended June 30, 2023, net cash flows
used in operating activities was (9,918). For the year ended June 30, 2022, net cash flows used in operating activities was (200). 

6 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

We have not generated cash flows from investing
activities for the year ended June 30, 2023. For the year ended June 30, 2023, net cash flows provided by investing activities was (55,000) 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

For the year ended June 30, 2023, net cash flows
provided by financing activities was 22,118. For the year ended June 30, 2022, net cash flows provided by financing activities was 55,200. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that
have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues
or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Item 7A. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Not applicable to smaller
reporting companies. 

Item 8. Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data 

7 

NEOLARA CORP. 

 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 9 

Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 10 

Statements of Operations for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 11 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit as of June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 12 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 
 13 

Notes to the Audited Financial Statements 
 14 

8 

Gries Associates,
 LLC 

 Certified Public Accountants 

 501 S. Cherry Street,
Suite 1100 

 Denver, Colorado 80246 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Neolara Corp 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Neolara
Corp (the Company as of June 30, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and the related statements of operations, statements of stockholders 
deficit, and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2023 and the period from June 9, 2022 (inception) through June 30, 2022, and the related
notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2022, and the results of its operations and its
cash flows for the period then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the entity s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm
registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with
respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that
the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred
losses since inception of 25,668. These factors create an uncertainty as to the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in note 3. The financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Emphasis of Matters-Risks and Uncertainties 

The Company is not able to predict the
ultimate impact that COVID -19 will have on its business. However, if the current economic conditions continue, the pandemic could
have an adverse impact on the economies and financial markets of many countries, including the geographical area in which the
Company plans to operate. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

August 29, 2023 

9 

NEOLARA CORP. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

June 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2022 

ASSETS 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Intangible Assets, net 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Deferred Income 

Notes Payable 

Related Party Advances 

Total Liabilities 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT: 

Common stock: 
 par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Stockholders deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

10 

NEOLARA CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATION 

For the year ended 
 June 30, 2023 
 For the year ended 
 June 30, 2022 

REVENUE: 

Sales 

Total Revenues 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Gross (Loss) Profit 

EXPENSES: 

Depreciation Expenses 

General and Administrative Expenses 

Professional Expenses 

Total Expenses 

Loss Before Income Taxes 

Provision for Income Taxes 

NET LOSS 

Net loss per common share - basic 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding - basic 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

11 

NEOLARA CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

 For the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 

Additional 
 
 Total 

Common Stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of June 30, 2021 

Issuance of common stock 

Net loss 

Balance as of June 30, 2022 

Issuance of common stock 

Net loss 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

12 

NEOLARA CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended 
 June 30, 2023 
 For the year ended 
 June 30, 2022 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net Loss 

Depreciation Expenses 

Deferred Income 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from Investing Activities: 

Business Acquisition 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from Financing Activities: 

Notes Payable 

Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock 

Related Party Advances 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

OVERVIEW 

Starting Balance 

Gross Cash Inflow 

Gross Cash Outflow 

Net Cash Change 

Ending Balance 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

13 

NEOLARA CORP. 

 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 JUNE 30, 2023 and 2022 

dilutive securities as of June 30, 2023. 

Management anticipates that the Company will be
dependent, for the near future, on additional investment capital to fund operating expenses. The Company intends to position itself so
that it will be able to raise additional funds through the capital markets. In light of management s efforts, there are no assurances
that the Company will be successful in this or any of its endeavors or become financially viable and continue as a going concern. 

, par value
shares of common stock authorized. 

On June 10, 2022, the Company issued
 shares of common stock to a director for cash proceeds of at 0.0001 per share. 

During the year ended June 30, 2023, the Company
issued shares of common stock for cash proceeds of at 0.03 per share. 

There were and shares of common
stock issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2023, and 2022, respectively. 

Business acquisition 

Amortization expense 

Balance as of June 30, 2023 

. This loan is unsecured, non-interest bearing and due
on demand. 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net provision for Federal income taxes 

The cumulative tax effect at the expected rate
of 21 of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows: 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

Due to the change in ownership provisions of the
Tax Reform Act of 1986, net operating loss carry forwards of approximately as of June 30, 2023 and as of June 30, 2022, for
Federal income tax reporting purposes are subject to annual limitations. Should a change in ownership occur, net operating loss carry
forwards may be limited as to use in future years. 

17 

Item 9. Changes in
and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls
and Procedures 

The Company is responsible
for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s
management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

An assessment was conducted
with the participation of our principal executive and principal financial officer of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures as of June 30, 2023. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective as of such date to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit
under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f)). The Company s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the
supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the Company conducted
an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, using the criteria
established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission COSO - 2013 ). 

A material weakness is
a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility
that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely
basis. In its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of June 30, 2023, the Company determined
that there were control deficiencies that constituted material weaknesses, as described below. 

1. We do not have an Audit Committee While not being legally obligated to have an audit committee,
it is the management s view that such a committee, including a financial expert member, is an utmost important entity level control
over the Company s financial statements. Currently the Board of Directors acts in the capacity of the Audit Committee, and does
not include a member that is considered to be independent of management to provide the necessary oversight over management s activities. 

2. We did not maintain appropriate cash controls As of June 30, 2023, the Company has not maintained
sufficient internal controls over financial reporting for cash, including failure to segregate cash handling and accounting functions,
and did not require dual signatures on the Company s bank accounts. Alternatively, the effects of poor cash controls were mitigated
by the fact that the Company had limited transactions in its bank accounts. 

18 

3. We did not implement appropriate information technology controls As at June 30, 2023, the Company
retains copies of all financial data and material agreements; however, there is no formal procedure or evidence of normal backup of the
Company s data or off-site storage of data in the event of theft, misplacement, or loss due to unmitigated factors. 

Accordingly, the Company
concluded that these control deficiencies resulted in a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company s internal controls. 

As a result of the material
weaknesses described above, management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting
as of June 30, 2023 based on criteria established in Internal Control- Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

Changes in Internal
Controls over Financial Reporting 

There has been no change
in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the year ended June 30, 2023, that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

19 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors,
Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons of the Company 

DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE
OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS 

Our executive officer's
and director's and their respective ages are as follows: 

Name 
 Age 
 Positions 
 
 Julio Antonio Quesada Murillo 
 34 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer, Director 

Set forth below is a
brief description of the background and business experience of our executive officers and directors for the past five years. 

BACKGROUND INFORMATION ABOUT OUR OFFICER AND DIRECTOR 

Julio Antonio Quesada Murillo, Age 34 

Mr. Julio Antonio Quesada Murillo has served as
the Company s President, Chief Executive Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and a Director since its incorporation on June 09, 2022. 

He has got a master degree in civil engineering
and bachelor degree in business management. He has worked in construction industry for the last 12 years. As an Owner of construction
firm, Chief Building Engineer, the Successful leader and Investor in different startup construction projects. 

Mr. Julio Antonio Quesada Murillo has been planning
formation and operation of Neolara Corp. and we expect that his professional experience will help to develop our business. 

DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Our board of directors
is currently composed of one member, and she does not qualify as an independent director in accordance with the published listing requirements
of the NASDAQ Global Market (the Company has no plans to list on the NASDAQ Global Market). The NASDAQ independence definition includes
a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least three years, one of our employees and that
neither the director, nor any of her family members has engaged in various types of business dealings with us. 

In addition, our board
of directors has not made a subjective determination as to our director that no relationships exist which, in the opinion of our board
of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director, though such
subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made these determinations, our board of directors
would have reviewed and discussed information provided by directors and us regarding to our director's business and personal activities
and relationships as they may relate to our management and us. 

INVOLVEMENT IN CERTAIN
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

No director, executive
officer, significant employee, or control person of the Company has been involved in any legal proceeding listed in Item 401(f) of Regulation
S-K in the past 10 years. 

20 

Item 11. Executive
Compensation 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE 

The following table sets
forth information regarding each element of compensation that we paid or awarded to our named executive officers for fiscal years June
30, 2023 and 2022: 

Name and Principal
 Position 
 Period 
 
 Salary 
 ) 
 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Option 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Julio Antonio Quesada Murillo, President 
 2023 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 49,000 

Our sole officer and
director has not received monetary compensation since our inception to the date of this prospectus. 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS 

Currently we don t have any employment agreements. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 

The following table sets
forth director compensation as of June 30, 2023 and 2022: 

Name 
 Period 
 
 Fees 
 Earned or Paid in Cash 
 ) 
 
 Stock 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Opinion 
 Awards 
 ) 
 
 Non-Equity 
 Incentive Plan 
 Compensation 
 ) 
 
 Nonqualified 
 Deferred 
 Compensation 
 Earnings 
 ) 
 
 All Other 
 Compensation 
 ) 

Total 
 ) 
 
 Julio Antonio Quesada
 Murillo, President 
 2023 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 
 2022 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 

We have not compensated
our directors for their service on our Board of Directors since our inception. There are no arrangements pursuant to which directors will
be compensated in the future for any services provided as a director. 

21 

Item 12. Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table lists,
as of the date of this prospectus, the number of shares of common stock of our Company that are beneficially owned by (i) each person
or entity known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each officer and director
of our Company; and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal
shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using beneficial ownership concepts under the
rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that
person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes
the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that
person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. 

Under the Securities
and Exchange Commission rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be
deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below,
each person has sole voting and investment power. 

The percentages below
are calculated based on 2,050,000 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding as of the date of this prospectus. We do not have
any outstanding warrant, options, or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our common stock. 

Title of class 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 

Amount and Nature 
 of Beneficial Ownership 

Percent of 
Common Stock 

Common Stock 

Julio Antonio Quesada Murillo 
 Contiguo a la Guardia de Asistencia Rural, San Vito, Coto Brus, Puntarenas,
 60801, Costa Rica 

2,000,000 

97.56 

Item 13. Certain Relationships
and Related Transactions 

As of June 10, 2022 we have issued 2,000,000 shares
of company common stock valued at 0.0001 per share to Julio Antonio Quesada Murillo in the capacity of Director of the Company for providing
services such as company incorporation, preparation of S-1, preparation year end financials for consideration of 200. 

As
of June 30, 2023, our sole director has loaned to the Company 75,618. The loan does not have any term, carries no interest and
is not secured. 

Item 14. Principal
Accountant Fees and Services 

The following table sets forth the fees billed
to our company for the years ended June 30, 2023 and 2022 for professional services rendered by Gries Associates, LLC, the independent
auditor: 

Fees 
 2023 
 2022 
 
 Audit Fees 
 10,000 

Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

Other Fees 

Total Fees 
 10,000 

22 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a). 

32.1 
 
 Certifications pursuant to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 . 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 The cover page to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q has been formatted in Inline XBRL 

23 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized on August 30, 2023. 

NEOLARA CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Julio Antonio Quesada Murillo 

Name: 
 Julio Antonio Quesada Murillo 

Title: 
 President, Officer and Sole Director, Secretary, Treasurer, Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting 

24 

<EX-31.1>
 3
 neolara_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 USC, ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Julio Antonio Quesada Murillo, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Neolara Corp; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 30, 2023 

/s/ Julio Antonio Quesada Murillo 

Julio Antonio Quesada Murillo 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 neolara_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 USC, ss 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Julio Antonio Quesada Murillo, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Neolara Corp; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (of persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: August 30, 2023 

/s/ Julio Antonio Quesada Murillo 

Julio Antonio Quesada Murillo 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 neolara_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Neolara Corp (the
 Company on Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), the undersigned principal executive and principal financial officer of the Company, hereby certifies
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: August 30, 2023 

/s/ Julio Antonio Quesada Murillo 

Julio Antonio Quesada Murillo 

Principal Executive Officer, Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 none-20230630.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 none-20230630_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 none-20230630_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 none-20230630_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

