<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230714_10-K_edgar_data_1437491_0001213900-23-057011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11047435</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>466381</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2099566</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2419724</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2975763</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2830096</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-057011.hdr.sgml : 20230714
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230714130049
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-057011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		123
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230714
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230714

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BitNile Metaverse, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001437491
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40701
		FILM NUMBER:		231088612

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		303 PEARL PARKWAY SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78215
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(800) 762-7293

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		303 PEARL PARKWAY SUITE 200
		CITY:			SAN ANTONIO
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			78215

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Ecoark Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160325

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Magnolia Solar Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100107

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mobilis Relocation Services Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080612

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-057011.txt : 20230714

10-K
 1
 f10k2023_bitnilemet.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year Ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _____________ to ________________ 

Commission
file number 

BITNILE
METAVERSE, INC. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification Number) 

, , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered (The Nasdaq Capital Market) 

S ecurities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange
Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding year (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities
are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included
in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of September 30, 2022, the aggregate market value
of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the closing sale price as reported
on the Nasdaq Stock Market of 39.00. Shares of the registrant s common stock held by executive officers, directors or 10 beneficial
owners and by each other person who may be deemed to be an affiliate of the registrant have been excluded from this computation. This
calculation does not reflect a determination that certain persons are affiliates of the registrant for any other purpose. 

There were shares of common stock outstanding as of July
10, 2023. 

Documents
incorporated by reference: None 

BITNILE METAVERSE, INC.
AND SUBSIDIARIES 

FORM 10-K 

FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 

INDEX 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 
 Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Properties 
 39 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 39 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 40 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 41 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 Reserved 
 41 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 42 
 
 Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 56 
 
 Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 
 
 Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 56 
 
 Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 57 
 
 Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 
 57 
 
 Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 57 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 58 
 
 Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 63 
 
 Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 65 
 
 Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 67 
 
 Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 68 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 69 
 
 Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 72 
 
 Signatures 
 73 

i 

NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual
Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance. We have
attempted to identify forward-looking statements by terminology including anticipates, believes, expects, 
 can, continue, could, estimates, expects, intends, 
 may, plans, potential, predict, should or will or
the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. These statements are only predictions; uncertainties and other factors may
cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels or
activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements.
Our expectations are as of the date this Annual Report is filed, and we do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements
after the date this Annual Report is filed to confirm these statements to actual results, unless required by law. 

This Annual Report also contains estimates and
other statistical data made by independent parties and by us relating to market size and growth and other industry data. This data involves
a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. We have not independently verified
the statistical and other industry data generated by independent parties and contained in this Annual Report and, accordingly, we cannot
guarantee their accuracy or completeness, though we do generally believe the data to be reliable. In addition, projections, assumptions
and estimates of our future performance and the future performance of the industries in which we operate are necessarily subject to a
high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in Risk Factors and elsewhere
in this Annual Report. These and other factors could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in the estimates made by
the independent parties and by us. 

RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

Below
is a summary of the principal factors that make an investment in our common stock speculative. This summary does not address all of the
risks that we face. Additional discussion of the risks summarized in this risk factor summary, and other risks that we face, can be found
below under the heading Risk Factors and should be carefully considered, together with other information in this Annual
Report and our other filings with the SEC before making investment decisions regarding our common stock. 

We have incurred significant losses since inception, we may
continue to incur losses and negative cash flows in the future; 

We will need to raise additional capital to fund our operations in furtherance of our business plan. 

We have an evolving business model, which increases the complexity of our business. 

There are various inherent risks related to the Company s planned spinoffs, including but not limited
to, the risk of change in record date by an external regulator, delays in the effectiveness of registration statements, and the transfer
of intellectual property and litigation; 

We recently acquired BitNile.com, Inc.; its risks have become ours, as it is currently our principal operating
business. 

The Series B and Series C preferred stock, if approved for by our shareholders, could result in significant
dilution when converted into common stock; 

There are various inherent risks related to the Company s
non-core digital asset hosting business in Agora. 

There are various inherent risks related to the Company s
non-core intellectual property in Zest Labs. 

Our holding company model presents certain additional risks. 

Our growth strategy is subject to a significant degree of risk. 

We are heavily dependent on our senior management, and a loss of a member of our senior management team
could cause our stock price to suffer. 

If we fail to anticipate and adequately respond to rapid technological changes in our principal industry,
including evolving industry-wide standards, in a timely and cost-effective manner, our business, financial condition and results of operations
would be materially and adversely affected. 

We may be significantly impacted by developments and changes in laws and regulations, including increased
regulation of the crypto asset industry. 

If we do not continue to satisfy the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC s continued listing requirements, our
common stock could be delisted from Nasdaq. In particular, on June 21, 2023, we received a letter from Nasdaq notifying us that we have
violated Nasdaq s voting rights rule set forth in Listing Rule 5640. 

Our common stock price is volatile. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Unless the context otherwise indicates or requires, all product names
and trade names used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report are the Company s trademarks, although
the and trademark designations may have been omitted. 

As used in this Annual Report, the terms we, 
 us, our, BitNile Metaverse and the Company mean BitNile Metaverse, Inc., a Nevada
corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated. 

Overview 

BitNile Metaverse, Inc. BitNile Metaverse 
or the Company is a holding company, incorporated in the State of Nevada on November 19, 2007. Through March 31, 2023,
the Company s former wholly owned subsidiaries with the exception of Agora Digital Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation Agora and Zest Labs, Inc., a Nevada corporation Zest Labs have been treated for accounting purposes as divested. See below in
Note 1 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 2 Discontinued Operations. As
a result of the divestitures, all assets and liabilities of the former subsidiaries have been reclassified to discontinued operations
on the consolidated balance sheet for March 31, 2022 and all operations of these companies have been reclassified to discontinued operations
and loss on disposal on the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

The Company s principal subsidiaries consisted
of (a) BitNile.com, Inc., a Nevada corporation BNC which includes the platform BitNile.com (the Platform and that was acquired by the Company on March 6, 2023, which transaction has been reflected as an asset purchase, and (b) Ecoark, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation Ecoark that is the parent of Zest Labs and Agora. 

On June 17, 2022 Agora sold its ownership in Trend
Discovery Holdings, LLC to a non-related third party, and currently holds only the assets that remain in Bitstream Mining, LLC, its wholly
owned subsidiary. In addition, Ecoark sold 100 of Banner Midstream Corp., in two separate transactions. Ecoark sold the oil and gas production
and service assets to Fortium Holdings Corp. (renamed White River Energy Corp) WTRV on July 25, 2022, and sold its transportation
services assets to Enviro Technologies US, Inc. (renamed Wolf Energy Services, Inc.) Wolf Energy on September 7, 2022.
For full details of these transactions, we refer you to the Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on June 21, 2022, July 29, 2022 and September 12, 2022. We have removed all pertinent information pertaining to the
Trend Discovery Holdings, LLC, and Banner Midstream Corp operations from this Annual Report, and instead have focused our disclosure solely
on our current operations. 

Key Developments in the Fiscal Year Ended March
31, 2023 

In conjunction with the acquisition of BNC on
March 6, 2023, the Company changed its name from Ecoark Holdings, Inc. to BitNile Metaverse, Inc. on March 21, 2023 and its stock ticker
symbol was subsequently changed from ZEST to BNMV. Furthermore, in March 2023, the Company experienced a significant change in its business
model as it shifted its focus on the Platform, adapting it to becoming a revenue-generating model and away from the legacy subsidiaries
Agora and Zest. The Company also achieved or experienced the following key developments during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 FY
2023 ): 

On June 8, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement with Ault Lending, LLC Ault Lending ), pursuant to which the Company sold Ault Lending 1,200 shares of
Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, 3,429 shares of Common Stock, and a warrant to purchase shares of Common Stock for a
total purchase price of 12,000,000. The Series A and warrant later incurred multiple amendments in order for the Company to maintain
compliance with Nasdaq listing standards. 

In conjunction with the transaction with Ault
Lending, Company determined it was in the best interests of its shareholders that it divest all of its principal operating assets through
a series of spin-offs or stock dividends to the Company s shareholders. It intended to do so either by engaging in business combinations
with existing public companies which have trading symbols and markets like White River Energy Corp (formerly Fortium Holdings Corp.) WTRV ),
which acquired White River Holdings Corp on July 25, 2022, and Wolf Energy Services, Inc. (formerly Enviro Technologies US, Inc.) Wolf
Energy ), which acquired Banner Midstream Corp. on September 7, 2022, or by direct dividends. The Company s plan was also
driven in part by the dividends it must pay to Ault Lending. 

Because all spin-offs for issuers in our position
require that a registration statement have been declared effective by the SEC, which we have not been able to achieve, the Company did
not complete any spin-offs in fiscal year 2023. The Company has decided to leave Agora in the Company and to not proceed with the spin-off
of this entity, as Agora s hosting business model has potential synergies that could be achieved with the BNC acquisition. The Company
intends to transfer all of the common stock of Zest Labs into Zest Labs Holdings LLC Zest Holdings ), a private limited
liability company the Company formed and that will own all of the intellectual property of Zest Labs as well as the rights to any funds
obtained from current and future intellectual property litigation by Zest Labs. The Company also amended the Zest Labs charter to require
that it distribute at least 95 of the net proceeds of the pending Zest Labs litigation recoveries, if any, to the Company s shareholders
as of November 15, 2022. Additionally, net proceeds from the sale or licensing of Zest Labs intellectual property are intended to be distributed
to shareholders of record as of November 15, 2022. 

1 

On June 16, 2022, Agora entered into a Membership
Interest Purchase Agreement with Trend Ventures, LP, pursuant to which Agora sold all of its outstanding membership interests of Trend
Discovery Holdings, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Agora to the purchaser in exchange for a 4.25 million senior secured promissory
note issued by the purchaser to Agora. 

On July 25, 2022, the Company entered into a Share
Exchange Agreement with WTRV and White River Holdings Corp, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company transferred
to WTRV 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of White River Holdings capital stock in exchange for 1,200 shares of WTRV s newly
designated non-voting Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. Subject to certain terms and conditions set forth in the Certificate of Designation
of the Series A, the Series A will become convertible into 42,253,521 shares of WTRV s common stock upon such time as WTRV has registered
the underlying shares through a Form S-1. Upon effectiveness of the Form S-1, the Company intends to distribute 100 of the shares of
WTRV to the Company s shareholders of record as of September 30, 2022. 

On August 23, 2022, the Company entered into a
Share Exchange Agreement with Wolf Energy and Banner Midstream Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. The Company acquired 51,987,832
shares of Wolf Energy common stock in exchange for all of the capital stock of Banner Midstream owned by Wolf Energy. Upon effectiveness
of the Form S-1, the Company intends to distribute 100 of the shares of Wolf Energy to the Company s shareholders of record as
of September 30, 2022. 

On December 7, 2022, Agora entered into a Master
Services Agreement MSA with BitNile, Inc., a Nevada corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Ault Alliance, Inc. AAI ),
governing the relationship between the parties and the services provided by Agora to the Company, which include providing the Company
with digital assert mining hosting services in exchange for a monthly fee to be set out in applicable service orders. The terms of that
MSA have not been met due to lack of capital by the Company to bring its 12MW of hosting power online. 

On January 11, 2023, the Company made the decision
to withdraw Agora s S-1 registration statement for an initial public offering, due to market conditions as well as numerous regulatory
delays with respect to factors beyond the Company s control related to accounting for the nascent industry of Bitcoin mining. 

On January 24, 2023, the Company entered into an At-The-Market Issuance
Sales Agreement ATM with Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC Ascendiant ), pursuant to which the Company could
issue and sell from time to time, through Ascendiant, shares of the Company s common stock with offering proceeds of up to 3,500,000.
The purpose of the ATM was to ensure sufficient liquidity for the Company to continue as a going concern. Upon the sale of approximately
 3,500,000 through the ATM, the Company terminated the ATM in June 2023. 

On March 6, 2023, the Company entered into an
Amendment to the Share Exchange Agreement dated as of February 8, 2023 by and among AAI, the owner of approximately 86 of BNC, as well
as certain individuals employed by AAI, providing for the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of BNC, in exchange
for (i) 8,637.5 shares of newly designated Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company issued to AAI, and (ii) 1,362.5 shares
of newly designated Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company to be issued to the individuals employed by AAI. The Company accounted
for this transaction as an asset purchase. 

Description of Business 

Bitnile.com, Inc. 

Overview 

BitNile.com, Inc. BNC is in the
embryonic stage of development yet represents a significant development in the online metaverse landscape, offering immersive, interconnected
digital experiences that are engaging, and dynamic. By integrating various elements such as virtual markets, real world goods marketplaces,
gaming, social activities, sweepstakes, and more, BNC aims to revolutionize the way people interact online. BNC s rapidly growing
virtual world, BitNile.com (the Platform is accessible via almost any device using a web browser, does not require permissions,
downloads or apps, and the Platform can be enjoyed without the need for bulky and costly virtual reality headsets. 

BNC s business strategy revolves around
creating a seamless, all-encompassing platform that caters to various user needs and interests. The Platform s strategic pillars
include: (i) leveraging cutting edge technology to offer a user-friendly, browser-based platform compatible with Virtual Reality VR headsets and other modern devices for an enhanced experience; (ii) providing a diverse range of products and experiences that caters to
users with different interests and preferences; (iii) fostering global connections and a sense of community among users, encouraging socialization
and collaboration; and (iv) focusing on continuous innovation to stay ahead of industry trends and customer expectations. 

2 

Customers 

BNC targets a broad audience, including: (i) tech-savvy
individuals seeking immersive digital experiences; (ii) gamers of all skill levels interested in a diverse array of gaming options; (iii)
collectors and traders of digital assets, such as virtual real estate, digital art, and unique collectibles; (iv) shoppers seeking a convenient,
intuitive platform for purchasing real world goods; (v) users seeking either social interaction and global connectivity in a virtual environment
or an immersive shopping experience that allows real world shopping in a virtual environment; (vi) creators of virtual spaces within our
virtual online environment; and (vii) business owners and marketers seeking to have an online presence with a 3D virtual online environment. 

Tech-savvy Individuals 

Tech-savvy individuals are drawn to BNC due to
its innovative, cutting-edge technology and immersive virtual experiences. These users are likely to engage with the Platform s
virtual markets, trading digital assets like virtual real estate, world and personal space design, digital art and unique collectibles.
They may also be early adopters of VR headsets, using them to explore the metaverse and interact with other users in social hubs. 

Gamers of All Skill Levels 

BNC attracts gamers through its wide range
of gaming options, providing a diverse and comprehensive selection. The platform offers sweepstakes gaming experiences, allowing gamers
to enter contests and compete against fellow players for both virtual and real money prizes. By participating in sweepstakes games, gamers
can assess and demonstrate their skills in comparison to others. Additionally, BNC facilitates social gaming experiences, enabling users
to engage with one another while playing single player games equipped with chat features. The platform also plans to introduce casual
and multiplayer games, fostering collaboration and communication among gamers who seek a shared gaming experience. Competitive gamers
have the opportunity to exhibit their abilities by engaging in contests of skill, which provide a platform for earning recognition and
winning prizes. 

Collectors and Traders of Digital Assets 

BNC s virtual markets cater to users interested in collecting,
trading, and investing in digital assets. These users will be able to interact with the Platform s offerings by buying, selling,
and trading digital assets, such as virtual real estate, digital character skins, digital art, and unique collectibles; exploring and
engaging with the digital art galleries and museums featured in the metaverse, and attending virtual events and auctions for exclusive
digital asset releases and limited-edition collectibles. 

Shoppers Seeking Real world Goods 

Users looking for a convenient, intuitive platform
to purchase real world goods can explore BNC s real world goods marketplaces, which will offer a diverse range of products. These
users can browse and purchase items from categories such as fashion, electronics, travel, and home goods; interact with virtual showrooms
and product demonstrations to gain a better understanding of the products they re interested in, and participate in virtual events,
sales, and promotions to discover new products and take advantage of special offers. 

Social Seekers and Global Connectors 

BNC is anticipates it will attract users who prioritize social interaction
and global connectivity within a virtual environment. Our future plans involve offering multiple avenues through which users can engage
with the platform's offerings. This includes participating in diverse social hubs, facilitating the opportunity to meet and interact with
individuals from around the world. Users will have the ability to collaborate on projects, exchange ideas, and forge new friendships within
the metaverse. Additionally, they will have the freedom to build and personalize private spaces, allowing them to host virtual gatherings,
parties, or events for their friends and online communities. Furthermore, users can look forward to attending virtual events, concerts,
and conferences, providing them with opportunities to connect with like-minded individuals who share their interests and passions. 

By understanding its target customers and the
ways in which they interact with BNC s various products and experiences, the Platform can effectively tailor its offerings to meet
the needs and preferences of its diverse user base. 

3 

Products 

BNC intends to offer an extensive range of products
and experiences designed to cater to a diverse audience with varied interests and preferences. By providing a comprehensive suite of offerings,
the Platform aims to attract and engage users, creating a vibrant and dynamic metaverse environment. The following is an expanded list
of BNC s current and planned products and experiences, most of which remain in development: 

Virtual markets: Facilitating the trading
of digital assets like digital skins, a graphic download that changes the appearance of characters in video games, for avatar customization
in virtual real estate, digital art, and unique collectibles, enabling users to participate in a digital economy; 

Real world goods marketplaces: Offering
a platform for users to shop for a diverse range of real world products, including fashion, electronics, and home goods, connecting the
virtual and physical worlds; 

Gaming: Providing an extensive selection
of gaming options for users of all skill levels, including participation in games, sweepstakes, and social gaming experiences; 

Sweepstakes gaming: Featuring a dedicated
gaming zone for users to engage in sweepstakes gaming, with opportunities to win both virtual and real money prizes; 

Contests of skill: Organizing competitions
for users to showcase their talents and compete against others for prizes and recognition in various disciplines; 

Building private spaces: Allowing users
to construct and customize their dream homes or private spaces, tailoring their environments with an array of design options and sharing
their creations with others or keeping them as personal retreats; 

Socialization and connectivity: Fostering
global connections by enabling users to interact with individuals from around the world, forming new friendships, collaborating on projects,
or engaging in conversations within various social hubs; and 

Real and virtual concerts: Hosting live
and virtual concerts within the metaverse, featuring performances from both real world and virtual artists, allowing users to attend and
enjoy shows in an immersive environment. 

By planning to offer a diverse and comprehensive
range of products and experiences, BNC aims to create a vibrant and engaging metaverse platform that appeals to users with a wide array
of interests and preferences. 

Industry 

The metaverse industry is experiencing rapid growth
and expansion, driven by advances in technology, increased interest in virtual experiences, and the rise of digital economies. Key trends
include: the integration of virtual and physical worlds; the integration of artificial intelligence AI and machine learning
in virtual environments; VR and Augmented Reality AR technologies that are becoming more accessible and affordable, enabling
a wider audience to engage with the metaverse; the rise of virtual concerts, events, and conferences within the metaverse, providing new
opportunities for entertainment and networking; the emergence of virtual economies and markets; and the growing importance of socialization
and community-building in digital spaces. 

4 

User Adoption and Growth 

The growing popularity of virtual experiences
and digital platforms has led to a surge in user adoption and engagement in the metaverse industry. A number of factors contribute to
this growth, including: increased accessibility of VR and AR technologies, making immersive experiences more affordable and widely available;
the ongoing digitization of various aspects of everyday life, from work and education to entertainment and socialization, which drives
users to seek out new digital experiences; the COVID-19 pandemic, which accelerated the adoption of digital platforms and virtual experiences
as people adapted to remote work, learning, and social distancing measures; greater connectivity and high-speed internet accessibility,
rapid technological advancements and improved infrastructure, which have led to more people being able to access the metaverse and other
virtual environments, thereby bolstering engagement and participation; the development of innovative gaming and entertainment experiences
for whom the metaverse provides a platform for unique, immersive experiences that surpass traditional digital games or entertainment,
contributing to its escalating popularity; and growth in ecommerce and digital business opportunities. Management believes that the metaverse
offers a new domain for businesses to engage with consumers, driving its adoption in various sectors, including retail, real estate, and
marketing. 

Integration of Virtual and Physical Worlds 

One of the key trends in the metaverse industry
is the growing integration of virtual and physical worlds, enabling users to seamlessly transition between digital and real-world experiences.
This trend is evident in: (i) the emergence of virtual marketplaces where users can trade digital assets and purchase real world goods;
(ii) the incorporation of AR and VR technologies in retail, entertainment, and other industries, providing immersive, interactive experiences
that blur the lines between the digital and physical realms; (iii) the development of virtual environments that replicate real world locations,
allowing users to explore and interact with digital versions of familiar places; and (iv) the integration of virtual and physical realms
in the metaverse presents new opportunities for businesses to reach and engage with their target audiences in both spaces. 

Virtual Economies and Markets 

The metaverse industry is witnessing the rise
of virtual economies and markets, where users can trade digital assets, such as virtual real estate, digital art, and unique collectibles.
Key factors driving this trend include: development of cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology, enabling transparent transactions in
digital markets; growing interest in non-fungible tokens NFTs and digital collectibles, which has led to the creation
of new marketplaces and trading platforms for these assets; the realization of the potential for virtual goods to hold and accrue value
over time; expanding opportunities for creative expression and entrepreneurship within the metaverse, incentivizing users to participate
in virtual economies and trade digital assets; increasing global connectivity and internet penetration, enabling a larger user base to
engage in virtual economies and markets, and collaborations between established brands and the metaverse industry, introducing real-world
businesses and their customer bases to virtual economies and markets. 

Socialization and Community Building in Digital
Spaces 

The importance of socialization and community
building in digital spaces is another significant trend in the metaverse industry. As users spend more time in virtual environments, platforms
are placing a greater emphasis on fostering connections and interactions among users. This trend can be observed in: the creation of social
hubs, virtual events, and gatherings designed to bring users together and encourage networking, collaboration, and communication; the
integration of social media and messaging features within metaverse platforms, allowing users to stay connected with friends and communities
while exploring virtual worlds; the development of user-generated content and customization tools, empowering users to create unique experiences
and contribute to the growth and expansion of the metaverse; implementation of voice and video chat and real-time communication features,
enhancing the sense of presence and fostering more immersive social experiences in virtual environments; collaboration between brands,
influencers, and metaverse platforms to host virtual events, concerts, and exhibitions, creating shared experiences and strengthening
community bonds and virtual education and learning communities, providing opportunities for knowledge sharing, skill development, and
collaborative learning in the metaverse. 

The metaverse industry is experiencing rapid growth
and transformation, driven by, among other factors, technological advancements, increased user adoption, and the emergence of virtual
economies and markets. As the industry continues to evolve, it will be essential that BNC stay informed of key trends and driving forces
shaping the future of the metaverse landscape and adapt to those trends as they arise. 

Business Operations 

BNC s focuses on delivering a comprehensive,
immersive, and interconnected metaverse experience. To achieve this, management has identified several core strategic initiatives that
will guide the Platform s growth and development. 

Technological Innovation and User Experience

BNC places a strong emphasis on leveraging technology
to create a user-friendly experience. By offering a browser-based platform that is compatible with VR headsets and other modern devices,
BNC aims to ensure accessibility and convenience for users across various platforms. BNC intends to continuously invest in research and
development to aim to stay at the forefront of technological advancements in the metaverse space, and work to ensure that users enjoy
an unparalleled experience. 

5 

Diversification and Personalization 

BNC s strategy focuses on providing a diverse
range of products and experiences that caters to users with different interests and preferences. By planning to offer a wide variety of
activities, from virtual markets and real world goods marketplaces to gaming and tournaments, social interaction, world building, and
live and virtual events, the Platform aims to attract a broad user base and promote user engagement. Additionally, BNC intends to emphasize
personalization, allowing users to customize their experiences and tailor the Platform to suit their particular needs and tastes. 

Community Building and Global Connections 

BNC recognizes the importance of fostering a strong
sense of community and global connectivity among the Platform s users. BNC intends to implement various features and initiatives
designed to encourage socialization, collaboration, and networking among users from around the world. This will include the creation of
social hubs, support for user-generated content, teams and communities, and the promotion of events and activities that bring users together. 

Monetization and Revenue Generation 

BNC s business strategy includes developing
diverse revenue streams to help ensure the Platform s long-term sustainability and growth. Potential monetization strategies include
charging fees for premium features, from sales and transactions on virtual markets and real world goods marketplaces, social sweepstakes
gaming, real and virtual concerts and events, third party vendors and creators, and offering advertising opportunities for brands within
the metaverse. Additionally, the Platform will explore partnerships and collaborations with other businesses and organizations to create
new revenue-generating opportunities. 

Compliance and Regulatory Management 

To navigate the complex and evolving regulatory
landscape, BNC will prioritize compliance with relevant laws and regulations in all jurisdictions where it operates. This includes data
privacy and protection regulations, gaming, gambling, and sweepstakes regulations, and intellectual property rights. By maintaining a
strong focus on regulatory compliance, BNC aims to minimize potential legal risks and build trust with users and partners. 

Continuous Improvement and Adaptability 

Finally, BNC s business strategy emphasizes
the importance of continuously evaluating and refining its offerings in response to changing market trends and user preferences. The Platform
plans to actively seek user feedback and monitor industry developments to inform its ongoing product development and feature enhancements.
This adaptability will, in management s opinion, allow BNC to maintain its competitive edge and continue delivering a compelling
metaverse experience for users. 

Competition 

BNC faces competition from existing metaverse
platforms and new entrants, where its key competitors include: established metaverse platforms, such as Decentraland, The Sandbox, and
Second Life, as well as companies that focus on the development of metaverse tools and platforms such as META (formerly known as Facebook);
gaming-focused platforms, like Fortnite and Roblox; mixed reality platforms, like Microsoft Mesh, and social media platforms that integrate
metaverse elements, such as META s Horizon platform. Should our Platform gain widespread adoption, future competition may arise
from additional competitors, including tech giants such as Apple, Google, or Amazon, which have the resources and infrastructure to develop
their own metaverse platforms and ecosystems. 

Market Segments and Niches 

The metaverse industry can be broadly divided
into several market segments and niches, each catering to different user needs and preferences: (i) gaming-focused metaverse platforms,
such as Fortnite and Roblox, primarily cater to gamers and offer a wide range of gaming experiences and social interaction opportunities
within virtual environments; (ii) in terms of VR and AR platforms, companies like META and Microsoft focus on developing hardware and
software solutions to enable immersive VR and AR experiences, driving the adoption of these technologies in the metaverse; (iii) social
and community-driven metaverse platforms like Second Life and BNC emphasize socialization, community building, and user-generated content,
fostering connections and collaboration among users; and (iv) NFT and digital asset marketplaces, where these platforms, such as OpenSea
and Decentraland, facilitate the trading of digital assets like virtual real estate, digital art, and unique collectibles, and thereby
contribute to the growth of virtual economies. Meanwhile, hardware and platform developers, including Nvidia and Unity, serve as technology
providers for numerous companies aiming to penetrate the metaverse market. Additionally, they are actively engaged in the development
of their own metaverse platforms. 

6 

Differentiating Factors 

With the increasing competition in the metaverse
industry, it is crucial for BNC to differentiate itself by offering compelling features, experiences, or technologies. Some potential
differentiating factors include: 

Innovative and user-friendly technology: 
BNC prioritizes cutting-edge technology in an effort to deliver a seamless, intuitive user experience that we believe will have a competitive
edge in the metaverse market; 

Personalization and customization : BNC
will empower users to create and customize their own experiences, environments, and avatars allowing us to appeal to a broader audience
and foster greater user engagement; 

Diverse offerings and experiences: BNC
will cater to a wide range of interests and preferences, such as gaming, shopping, socializing, and trading digital assets, that can attract
a more extensive and diverse user base; 

Interoperability: BNC supports interoperability,
enabling users to carry their assets, identities, and experiences across multiple virtual environments seamlessly using almost any modern
browser, on a device that supports those browsers this includes IOS, Android, PC, Consoles and more and 

Economic opportunities: BNC provides users
with the ability to earn real-world value through virtual activities, such as owning virtual real estate or digital assets, and competitions
with real world rewards. 

The metaverse industry is characterized by a competitive
landscape with numerous users, market segments, and niches. To succeed in this rapidly evolving market, BNC must continuously innovate
and differentiate itself, by offering unique features, experiences, and technologies that cater to the diverse needs and preferences of
users. 

Regulatory Environment 

BNC operates within a complex and evolving regulatory
landscape, with key considerations including: data privacy and protection regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR and the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA compliance with gaming, gambling, and sweepstakes regulations
in various jurisdictions; and intellectual property rights and digital asset ownership. 

BNC intends to offer a transformative digital
experience by combining elements of virtual markets, real world goods marketplaces, gaming, social activities, world and personal spaces
building, and sweepstakes gaming. We believe this unique integration will establish the Platform as a pioneer in the metaverse industry,
catering to diverse user interests and needs. We believe that as the industry evolves and expands, BNC s commitment to providing
immersive and interconnected digital experiences will place it at the forefront of the metaverse revolution. By continuously innovating
and adapting to the ever-changing digital landscape, BNC aims to offer limitless possibilities and opportunities for users, setting the
stage for a truly inclusive and dynamic metaverse. 

As the metaverse industry continues to grow and
evolve, regulatory challenges and considerations are becoming increasingly important and additional or changing regulations may increase
BNC s costs. The unique nature of the metaverse, which often combines elements of virtual reality, gaming, social networking, and
digital economies, presents a complex landscape for regulators to navigate. 

Present Regulatory Challenges 

The metaverse industry is currently grappling
with several regulatory challenges, including: 

Data Privacy and Security: As users share
personal information and engage in transactions within the metaverse, concerns about data privacy and security are paramount. Regulators
must ensure that platforms adhere to existing data protection regulations, such as GDPR and the CCPA; 

7 

Intellectual Property Rights: The metaverse s
reliance on user-generated content and digital assets raises questions about intellectual property rights and the enforcement of copyright,
trademark, and patent laws in virtual environments; 

Taxation and Financial Regulations: The
growth of virtual economies and the increasing popularity of cryptocurrencies and NFTs have raised questions about taxation and financial
regulations. Regulators must determine how to classify and tax digital assets and transactions, as well as ensure compliance with anti-money
laundering and know-your-customer regulations; and 

Content Moderation and Liability : Metaverse
platforms face challenges in moderating content and managing user behavior, raising questions about the platforms liability for
user-generated content and potential violations of existing laws, such as those related to hate speech, harassment, and misinformation. 

Future Regulatory Challenges 

As the metaverse industry continues to develop
and expand, several future regulatory challenges are likely to emerge, including: 

Cross-border jurisdictional issues: With
the metaverse being a global, borderless environment, determining jurisdiction and applying national laws to activities and transactions
within the metaverse will become increasingly complex; 

Virtual reality and augmented reality regulations: 
As VR and AR technologies become more integrated into the metaverse, new regulations may be needed to address issues related to safety,
privacy, and ethical considerations in the use of these technologies; 

Decentralization and governance: The increasing
trend towards decentralized metaverse platforms raises questions about governance and regulatory oversight, as traditional regulatory
mechanisms may not be applicable or effective in these environments; 

Ethics and inclusivity: As the metaverse
becomes more intertwined with daily life, ethical considerations related to inclusivity, accessibility, and the potential for digital
divides will become increasingly important for regulators to address; 

AI Ethics: As artificial intelligence
is likely to play a significant role in the functioning and moderation of the metaverse, regulating AI ethics will be critical. This includes
preventing algorithmic bias, ensuring transparency in AI decision-making, and protecting against harmful AI behavior; and 

Digital Identity: Managing and protecting
the identities of individuals in the metaverse could be a complex issue. It will be critical to balance anonymity and freedom of expression
with the need for accountability to prevent malicious behavior. 

Glossary of Terms 

Virtual Reality: Virtual Reality (VR) refers
to a computer-generated simulation or environment that can be experienced and interacted with using specialized hardware, such as headsets
or gloves. It immerses users in a digital world that can replicate real-world or fantastical settings, providing a sense of presence and
allowing for realistic, interactive experiences. 

8 

Metaverse Industry: The metaverse industry
refers to the collective ecosystem of companies, technologies, and platforms involved in creating and developing the metaverse. The metaverse
is a virtual universe or interconnected network of digital spaces where users can interact with each other and digital objects in real
time. It aims to provide a shared, immersive, and persistent digital environment that transcends traditional online experiences. 

Digital Economies: Digital economies refer
to the virtual economies that exist within online platforms, games, or virtual worlds. They involve the exchange of digital goods, services,
or currencies, which can have real-world value. In these economies, users can engage in various economic activities, such as buying and
selling virtual items, earning virtual currencies, or participating in virtual marketplaces. 

Augmented Reality: Augmented Reality AR is a technology that overlays digital information or virtual elements onto the real-world environment. AR enhances the user's perception
of the physical world by integrating computer-generated graphics, sounds, or other sensory inputs into their view, typically through the
use of smartphones, tablets, or AR glasses. It blends virtual content with the real world, providing an interactive and enriched experience. 

Mixed Reality: Mixed Reality MR refers to the merging of real-world and virtual elements to create new environments and visualizations where physical and digital objects
coexist and interact in real time. MR combines elements of both virtual reality and augmented reality, allowing users to experience and
manipulate virtual objects within their physical surroundings. It enables a seamless integration of the real and virtual worlds, enhancing
the user's perception and interactions. 

Digital Character Skins: Digital character
skins are virtual cosmetic items or appearances that can be applied to a character or avatar in a video game, virtual world, or online
platform. These skins are purely aesthetic and do not affect gameplay mechanics. They allow users to customize the visual appearance of
their digital persona, often offering unique designs, costumes, or visual effects that can be acquired or purchased within the virtual
environment. 

Non-Fungible Tokens: Non-Fungible Tokens NFTs are digital assets that represent ownership or proof of authenticity of a unique item or piece of content. Unlike
cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, which are fungible and interchangeable, NFTs are distinct and indivisible. They are typically based
on blockchain technology, providing a transparent way to verify ownership and track the provenance of digital assets, such as artwork,
collectibles, virtual real estate, or in-game items. NFTs have gained popularity for their potential to revolutionize digital ownership
and enable creators to monetize their digital creations. 

AI (Artificial Intelligence): Artificial
Intelligence refers to the development of computer systems that can perform tasks that typically require human intelligence. AI involves
the creation of algorithms and models that enable machines to perceive, reason, learn, and make decisions or predictions based on data.
It encompasses various subfields such as machine learning, natural language processing, computer vision, and robotics. AI aims to replicate
or augment human intelligence to solve complex problems, automate processes, and improve efficiency across different domains. 

Machine Learning: Machine Learning is a
subset of AI that focuses on developing algorithms and models that enable computers to learn from data and make predictions or decisions
without being explicitly programmed. ML algorithms learn patterns, relationships, and insights from training data, allowing them to generalize
and make predictions or take actions on new, unseen data. It involves techniques such as supervised learning, unsupervised learning, and
reinforcement learning. Machine learning has applications in various fields, including image recognition, natural language processing,
recommendation systems, and predictive analytics. 

9 

Digital Identity: Digital identity refers
to the online representation of an individual or entity within digital systems or platforms. It encompasses the collection of personal
information, attributes, and credentials that uniquely identify an individual in the digital realm. Digital identity can include various
elements, such as usernames, passwords, biometric data, email addresses, and social media profiles. It plays a crucial role in online
authentication, access control, and personalized experiences across a range of digital services, including social media, e-commerce, banking,
and government platforms. Digital identity management involves the secure and responsible handling of personal information to ensure privacy
and protect against identity theft or misuse. 

Corporate Information 

BNC was incorporated
in Nevada on January 9, 2023. BNC s principal executive offices are located at 303 Pearl Parkway Suite 200, San Antonio, TX 78215,
and our telephone number is (800) 762-7293. As of March 31, 2023, BNC had 17 employees, including ten full-time employees. 

BNC s website address
is www.bitnile.com. BNC s website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, that website will not be deemed
to be incorporated by reference in and are not considered part of this Annual Report. 

Agora 

Following the Company s sale of Trend Holdings,
Agora s only operating subsidiary, Bitstream, engages in the hosting of digital asset miners for the mining of Bitcoin. 

Bitstream 

Bitstream was originally organized to be our Bitcoin mining subsidiary.
Due to regulatory challenges and delays with its planned initial public offering, Bitstream transitioned its business model from digital
asset mining to hosting. Bitstream also divested all Bitcoin holdings. Bitstream entered into the aforementioned MSA with BitNile Inc.
but due to limited capital has not been able to fulfill the terms of that MSA. The Company is devoting the majority of its capital going
forward to its core business of the Platform and is not confident that Bitstream will become a viable hosting company in the future. 

Zest Labs 

Through its wholly owned subsidiary Zest, the
Company has developed intellectual property that can offer freshness management solutions for fresh food growers, suppliers, processors,
distributors, grocers and restaurants. The Company idled Zest s operations in conjunction with litigation that was filed against
Walmart and Deloitte for trade secret violations; the action against Deloitte was subsequently dismissed. In lieu of conducting operations
in Zest, the Company is actively pursuing various licensing or sale opportunities of its intellectual property. As previously noted, the
Company intends to transfer all of the common stock of Zest into Zest Holdings, which will own all of the intellectual property of Zest
as well as the rights to any current and future intellectual property litigation by Zest. 

10 

Competition 

The Company faces intense competition with respect
to its products and services in all markets in which it operates. 

For a discussion on BNC competition see Business
Overview for BNC above. 

Sales and Marketing 

Through the Platform, the Company intends to generate
revenues through the sale of tokens or coins that provide the end user with interactive entertainment (game play) and durable goods principally
for the PC and mobile platforms. 

In fiscal year 2023, Bitstream changed its business
model from digital asset mining to digital asset hosting. Bitstream has generated no revenue during 2023. 

Government Regulations 

Set forth below is an overview of the government
regulations we presently face or could face as a result of our current and planned operations. As the regulatory and legal environment
evolves, we may become subject to new laws, such as further regulation by the SEC and other agencies, which may affect our hosting and
other activities. For additional discussion regarding our belief about the potential risks existing and future regulation pose to our
business, see Risk Factors. 

For a discussion of BNC government regulation see Business Overview
for BNC above. 

Agora 

Although there was a period of regulatory uncertainty
ending in 2018, we believe that the SEC will not claim that Bitcoin is a security and therefore that Bitcoin will not be subject to the
SEC s regulation. The SEC has been active in pursuing its regulation of other cryptocurrencies by filing lawsuits and, more recently,
administratively against a cryptocurrency that tried to register under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act ). Further, the SEC s chairman has given a number of speeches seeking firm regulatory authority over cryptocurrencies.
Whether Congress will enact new legislation in this area is uncertain, although in June 2022, bipartisan legislation was introduced in
the Senate. However, enhanced regulation may adversely affect our future Bitcoin hosting and other cryptocurrency activities. Moreover,
there is a risk that the SEC may seek a way to regulate Bitcoin as a security. 

Blockchain and Bitcoin are increasingly becoming
subject to governmental regulation, both in the U.S. and internationally. State and local regulations also may apply to our activities
and other activities in which we may participate in the future. Other governmental or semi-governmental regulatory bodies have shown an
interest in regulating or investigating companies engaged in the blockchain or cryptocurrency business. For instance, the Cyber-Digital
Task Force of the U.S. Department of Justice (the DOJ published a report entitled Cryptocurrency: An Enforcement
Framework in October 2020. This report provides a comprehensive overview of the possible threats and enforcement challenges the
DOJ views as associated with the use and prevalence of cryptocurrency, as well as the regulatory and investigatory means the DOJ has at
its disposal to deal with these possible threats and challenges. 

Presently, we do not believe any U.S. or state
regulatory body has taken any action or position adverse to Bitcoin with respect to its production, sale, and use as a medium of exchange;
however, future changes to existing regulations or entirely new regulations may affect our business in ways it is not presently possible
for us to predict with any reasonable degree of reliability. 

For example, in 2021 China banned Bitcoin mining.
Additionally, lawmakers in New York recently approved legislation which would impose a two-year moratorium on certain cryptocurrency mining,
including Bitcoin. 

Although Bitstream is no longer actively engaged
in digital asset mining, regulations affecting Bitcoin and other digital assets have a direct impact on its hosting business model. See
 Risk Factors at page 29 of this Report. 

11 

Environmental Compliance 

The Company s core operations through the
Platform are virtual in nature and have minimal environmental impact, if any. 

Our operations through Agora s subsidiary
Bitstream, are or may become subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and climate change. These laws
and regulations change frequently, and the effect of these changes is often to impose additional costs or other restrictions on our operations.
We cannot predict the occurrence, timing, nature or effect of these changes. We also operate under a number of environmental permits and
authorizations. The issuing agencies may take the position that some or all of these permits and authorizations are subject to modification,
suspension, or revocation under certain circumstances. 

While we are currently not experiencing any material
expenses related to the environmental compliance, we may become subject to environmental or other related laws and regulations in the
future, which may result from a number of causes, the likelihood of which would increase should we determine to initiate Bitcoin mining
operations and/or due to new regulations being considered. Please review the Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Report and the paragraph
that follows with regard to potential environmental and other compliance expenses. 

On March 21, 2022, the SEC released proposed rule
changes on climate-related disclosure. The proposed rule changes would require registrants, including the Company, to include certain
climate-related disclosures in registration statements and periodic reports, including information about climate-related risks that are
reasonably likely to have a material impact on the registrant s business, results of operations, or financial condition, and certain
climate-related financial statement metrics in a note to their audited financial statements. The required information about climate-related
risks would include disclosure of a registrant s greenhouse gas emissions, information about climate-related targets and goals,
and transition plan, if any, and extensive attestation requirements. The proposed new rules would also require companies to disclose multiple
levels of climate impact, including primary direct impacts from the registrant s own operations, as well as secondary and tertiary
effects of the operations and uses by contractors that the registrant utilizes and end-users of the registrant s products and/or
services. If adopted as proposed, the rule changes will result in material additional compliance and reporting costs, including monitoring,
collecting, analyzing and reporting the new metrics and implementing systems and hiring additional internal and external personnel with
the requisite skills and expertise to serve those functions. We expect that the rules will be adopted in large part at least, and our
compliance costs will be material. However, following a June 2022 U.S. Supreme Court administrative decision, we expect a court challenge
to any final rule promulgated by the SEC. We cannot predict the outcome of any such challenge. 

Intellectual Property 

The Company owns all of the intellectual property
to the Platform. BNC s software provider, MeetKai, owns various patents related to the metaverse which may or may not be transferred
to BNC at a future date. 

The Company through Zest Labs, currently holds
rights to 75 U.S. patents (with additional patents pending), numerous related foreign patents, and U.S. copyrights relating to certain
aspects of its Zest Labs software, hardware devices including RFID technology, software, and services. In addition, Zest has registered,
and/or has applied to register trademarks and service marks in the U.S. and a number of foreign countries for Intelleflex, 
the Intelleflex logo, Zest, Zest Data Services, and the Zest, Zest Fresh and Zest Delivery logos, and numerous
other trademarks and service marks. Many of Zest s products have been designed to include licensed intellectual property obtained
from third parties. Laws and regulations related to wireless communications devices in the jurisdictions in which Zest seeks to operate,
subject to the outcome of pending litigation and financing and, are extensive and subject to change. Wireless communication devices, such
as RFID readers, are subject to certification and regulation by governmental and standardization bodies. These certification processes
are extensive and time consuming, and could result in additional testing requirements, product modifications or delays in product shipment
dates. 

Dependence on Major Customers 

From time-to-time we have had and may continue
to have customers generating 10 percent or more of the Company s consolidated revenues, and loss of such customers could have a
material adverse effect on the Company. 

In the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023, we did
not recognize any revenue from continuing operations, so a customer concentration risk would not be applicable. 

Human Capital 

As of the date of this Annual Report, we have 6 full-time employees
dedicated to all operations other than BNC. BNC had 17 employees, including ten full-time employees. 

12 

Our ability to successfully execute our strategic
initiatives is highly dependent on recruiting and retaining skilled personnel. Our compensation philosophy is based on incentivizing and
rewarding performance, with alignment of individual, corporate, and shareholder interests. Compensation includes salaries, benefits, and
equity participation. Our owner operator drivers are not salaried employees. 

We are committed to the health, safety, and well-being
of our employees and drivers. We follow applicable local, state, and federal laws, regulations, and guidance. 

Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is designed
to ensure that all employees maintain the highest standards of business conduct in every aspect of their dealings with each other, customers,
suppliers, vendors, service providers, shareholders, and governmental authorities. 

We believe our relations with our employees and
drivers are satisfactory. 

Proposed Spin-Offs 

As previously discussed, the spin-off of the legacy
non-core subsidiaries is subject to various factors. Although White River and Banner Midstream were divested and transferred to WTRV in
July 2022 and Wolf Energy in September 2022, respectively, in reverse merger transactions, the planned and announced stock dividends to
the Company shareholders of record as of September 30, 2022 is subject to the SEC s approval of Form S-1 registration statements
for WTRV and Wolf Energy, which are still undergoing review by the SEC. The Company still has full intentions to distribute 100 of the
common stock it received from Wolf Energy and common stock it will receive from WTRV upon the conversion of preferred stock, upon the
effectiveness of the aforementioned Form S-1 s. 

The spin-off of Zest Labs into Zest Holdings is
expected to occur prior to quarter-end September 30, 2023. 

As previously noted, the Company made the decision
in January 2023 to terminate Agora s planned initial public offering. Instead, Agora will remain in the Company as a majority owned
subsidiary due to potential synergies which could be achieved with BNC. 

Corporate Information 

Our principal executive offices are located at
303 Pearl Parkway, Suite 200, San Antonio, TX 78215, and our telephone number is (800) 762-7293. Our website address is http://bitnile.net/.
Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference
in and are not considered part of this Annual Report. 

13 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our common stock involves significant
risks. You should carefully consider the following risks and all other information set forth in this Annual Report before deciding to
invest in our common stock. If any of the events or developments described below occurs, our business, financial condition and results
of operations may suffer. In that case, the value of our common stock may decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

You should consider each of the following risk
factors and any other information set forth in this Annual Report and the other reports filed by the Company with the SEC, including the
Company s financial statements and related notes, in evaluating the Company s business and prospects. The risks and uncertainties
described below are not the only ones that impact on the Company s operations and business. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to the Company, or that the Company currently considers immaterial, may also impair its business or operations. If any
of the following risks actually occurs, the Company s business and financial condition, results or prospects could be harmed. Please
also read carefully the section entitled Note About Forward-Looking Statements at the beginning of this Annual Report. 

Risks Relating to Our Company and
Our Financial Condition 

We have incurred net losses on an annual basis
since our inception and may continue to experience losses and negative cash flow in the future. 

As of July 10, 2023, we had cash (not including
restricted cash) of approximately 3,492. We have not been profitable on an annual basis since inception and had previously incurred significant
operating losses and negative cash flow from operations. We recorded a net loss of approximately 87,361,603 and 10,554,452 for the fiscal
years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. In fiscal year 2023, our net loss was increased by non-cash net gain of approximately 32.9 million
from a change in the fair value of our preferred stock and warrant derivative liabilities due to the weakness of our stock price and 14.4
million related to a day one derivative income on the Series B and Series C preferred stock issuances. Furthermore, in fiscal year 2023,
our net loss was reduced by non-cash net losses of approximately 54.5 million and 20.7 million related to the loss on acquisition of
BitNile and the change in fair value of the White River investment respectively. Fiscal year 2022 also had non-cash charges gains of approximately
 15.4 million from a change in the fair value of our warrant derivative liabilities. We will likely continue to incur losses and experience
negative cash flows from operations for the foreseeable future. If we cannot achieve positive cash flow from operations or net income,
it may make it more difficult to raise capital based on our common stock on acceptable terms. 

Our independent registered public accounting
firm has issued a going concern opinion on our consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2023 as a result of our
continued net losses, working capital deficiency, and accumulated deficit. 

The accompanying
financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2023 have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, but the
ability of the Company to continue as a going concern depends on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until
it establishes a revenue stream and becomes profitable. Management s plans to continue as a going concern include raising additional
capital through sales of equity and debt securities. However, management cannot provide any assurances that the Company will be successful
in accomplishing any of its plans. If the Company is not able to obtain the necessary additional financing on a timely basis, the Company
will be required to delay, and reduce the scope of the Company s development of its continuing operations. Continuing as a going
concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully secure other sources of financing and the ability to conduct profitable operations.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to
continue as a going concern. 

Because we will require additional capital and may need or desire to
engage in strategic transactions in the future to support the growth of our metaverse platform, and our inability to generate and obtain
such capital or to enter into strategic transactions may be constrained due to, among other items, contractual limitations under the Series
B and C preferred stock, our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects could be material and adversely affected. 

The Company announced the termination of its ATM
on June 16, 2023, as substantially all of the 3,500,000 proceeds had been raised by the Company through Ascendiant. As of the date of
this Annual Report, the Company is exploring additional opportunities to generate capital to continue operating as a going concern but
does not have any formal contractual agreements in place. 

The certificates of designation of the Series A, B and C preferred
stock contain certain provisions that limit our ability to act without the consent of their holder, AAI. This means that AAI could prevent
us from entering into a strategic transaction even if we felt it was the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. 

Further, if we raise additional funds through
future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing shareholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity
or debt securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. 

14 

We have substantial amounts of indebtedness.
This indebtedness and the covenants contained in the Loan Agreements substantially limit our financial and operating flexibility. Further,
conversions of the Notes will dilute the ownership interest of our existing shareholders. 

On April 27, 2023, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the SPA with certain accredited investors (the Investors providing for the issuance
of (i) Senior Secured Convertible Notes (individually, a Note and collectively, the Notes with an aggregate
principal face amount of 6,875,000, which Notes are convertible into shares of our common stock (the Conversion Shares 
and (ii) five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,100,905 shares of common stock. The maturity date of the Notes is April 27,
2024. 

Pursuant to the SPA, we and certain of our subsidiaries
and Arena Investors, LP, as the collateral agent on behalf of the Investors (the Agent entered into a security agreement
(the Security Agreement ), pursuant to which we (i) pledged the equity interests in our subsidiaries and (ii) granted to
the Investors a security interest in, among other items, all of our deposit accounts, securities accounts, chattel paper, documents, equipment,
general intangibles, instruments and inventory, and all proceeds therefrom (the Assets ). In addition, pursuant to the Security
Agreement, the subsidiaries granted to the Investors a security interest in its Assets and, pursuant to a subsidiary guarantees, jointly
and severally agreed to guarantee and act as surety for our obligation to repay the Notes and other obligations under the SPA, the Notes
and Security Agreement (collectively, the Loan Agreements ). 

The Notes have a principal face amount of 6,875,000
and bear no interest (unless an event of default occurs) as they were issued with an original issuance discount of 1,375,000. The maturity
date of the Notes is April 27, 2024. The Notes are convertible, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations, into Conversion Shares
at a price per share equal to the lower of (i) 3.273 or (ii) the greater of (A) 0.504 and (B) 85 of the lowest volume weighted average
price of our common stock during the ten (10) trading days prior to the date of conversion (the Conversion Price ). The Conversion
Price is subject to adjustment in the event of an issuance of common stock at a price per share lower than the Conversion Price then in
effect, as well as upon customary stock splits, stock dividends, combinations or similar events. 

The Loan Agreements contain standard and customary
events of default including, but not limited to, failure to make payments when due under the Notes, failure to comply with certain covenants
contained in the Loan Agreements, or our bankruptcy or insolvency. Such agreements contain restrictions that substantially limit our financial
flexibility, over and above the negative covenants contained the transaction document relates to the Series A Preferred Stock, which themselves
are substantial. These agreements place limits on our ability to (i) incur additional indebtedness or the Agent otherwise agrees, and
(ii) grant security to third persons, among many other items. These restrictions limit our ability to finance our future operations and
capital needs. In addition, our substantial indebtedness could require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow, if any,
from the anticipated operations to making payments on our indebtedness and other liabilities, which would limit the availability of funds
for working capital and other general corporate purposes; limit our flexibility in reacting to changes in the industries in which we operate
or in our competitive environment; place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to those of our competitors who have less debt than
we do, and limit our ability to borrow additional funds and increase the costs of any such additional borrowings. If we are unable to
pay our debts, including the Notes as they become due and payable, we would become insolvent. 

The conversion of some or all of the Notes will
dilute the ownership interests of our existing shareholders. Any sales in the public market of our common stock issuable upon such conversion
could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the Notes may encourage short selling
by market participants because the conversion of the Notes would likely depress the price of our common stock. 

15 

We cannot predict our future results because
we have virtually no operating history. 

We acquired our metaverse business on March 6,
2023, which is the Company s core business for future revenue growth. Given our highly limited operating history, it may be difficult
to evaluate our future performance or prospects. You should consider the uncertainties that we may encounter as a company that should
still be considered an early-stage company. These uncertainties include: 

competition from other more established, better capitalized companies with longer track records in the
metaverse, gaming, and sweepstakes businesses; 

our ability to market our services and products for a profit; 

our ability to secure and retain key customers; 

our agreement with a third-party, MeetKai, for development and hosting services regarding the Platform; 

our ability to adapt to changing market conditions; and 

our evolving business model. 

If we are not able to address successfully some
or all of these uncertainties, we may not be able to expand our business, compete effectively or achieve profitability. 

Because we must periodically evaluate our
intangible assets and investment holdings for impairment, we could be required to recognize non-cash impairment charges in future periods
which could have a material adverse impact on our operating results. 

The Company incurred non-cash charges of 54.5
million and 20.7 million related to the loss on the acquisition of BNC as well as the change in fair value of its investment holding,
pending dividend distribution, of White River. The Company will assess these investments for impairment going forward, and if the carrying
value of the holding on the Company s balance sheet exceeds its estimated fair value, we will record an impairment charge. 

As of March 31, 2023, we had not generated
revenue in the Company s core business of the Platform, and the inability to generate significant revenue in this nascent business
could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

The Company had not generated any revenue from
the Platform as of March 31, 2023, and the revenue generated during the first quarter of fiscal year 2024 has been minimal. 

If the Company is unable to generate significant
revenue in the near future related to gaming, sweepstakes, sponsorship or advertising within its metaverse platform then its business
model in the metaverse will be difficult to fund through continuing operations and additional capital will need to be raised by the company
to grow its business and continue operating its business as a going concern. Our contract with MeetKai has many performance obligations
that, if breached, could impair our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

If we do not continue
to satisfy the Nasdaq Stock Market s continued listing requirements, our common stock could be delisted from the Nasdaq. 

The listing of our common
stock on the Nasdaq is contingent on our compliance with the Nasdaq s conditions for continued listing. We are not presently in
compliance with all such conditions, and it is possible that we will fail to meet one or more of these conditions in the future. 

In connection with our
acquisition of BNC on March 3, 2023 the Company received a letter from Nasdaq indicating that certain of the terms of the Series B Preferred
Stock and the Series C Preferred Stock, which subject to various limitations are convertible into a combined total of 13,333,334 shares
of the Company s common stock, would constitute a change of control requiring shareholder approval under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5110.
Specifically, Listing Rule 5110(a) states that [a] Company must apply for initial listing in connection with a transaction whereby
the Company combines with a non-Nasdaq entity, resulting in a change of control of the Company... Nasdaq also asked certain questions
and requested certain documents and information related to various aspects of the BitNile.com transaction and other matters, including
the transaction s valuation and the process by which it arose, was negotiation and closed. 

Further, on June 21, 2023, the Company received
a letter (the Letter from Nasdaq notifying the Company that Nasdaq has determined that the Company has violated Nasdaq s
voting rights rule set forth in Listing Rule 5640 (the Voting Rights Rule ). The alleged violation of the Voting Rights Rule
relates to the issuance of (i) 8,637.5 shares of the newly designated Series B Preferred Stock and (ii) 1,362.5 shares of newly designated
Series C Preferred Stock (collectively, the Preferred Stock in connection with the acquisition of BNC as well as the securities
of Earnity, Inc. beneficially owned by BitNile (collectively, the Assets pursuant to the Share Exchange Agreement (the
 Agreement by and among the Company, AAI and certain employees of AAI, which was previously disclosed on Current Reports
on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 14, 2023 and March 10, 2023. The Preferred Stock has a collective stated value of 100,000,000
(the Stated Value ), and votes on an as-converted basis, representing approximately 92.4 of the Company s outstanding
voting power on a fully diluted basis at the time of issuance, assuming shareholder approval for the voting of these shares. 

16 

According to the Letter, because the Preferred Stock was not issued
for cash, Nasdaq compared the value of the Assets to the Stated Value and determined that the value of the Assets was less than the Stated
Value and that the voting rights attributable to the Preferred Stock has the effect of disparately reducing the voting rights of the Company s
existing shareholders. The Staff looked at the total assets and shareholders equity of BNC as of March 5, 2023, as well as the
market capitalization of AAI prior to entering into the Agreement and immediately after closing of the transaction in determining, in
Nasdaq s opinion, the value of the Assets. The Letter did not make any reference to the projections prepared by AAI as to the future
potential of the business of BNC nor to the fairness opinion that we obtained from an independent party prior to closing of the transaction,
which supported the Stated Value of the Preferred Stock for the total value of the Assets, both of which the Company provided to the Staff
prior to receipt of the Letter. 

According to the Letter, Nasdaq determined that
the voting rights of the Preferred Stock, voting on an as-converted basis, are below the minimum price per share of the Common Stock at
the time of the issuance of the Preferred Stock. Additionally, Nasdaq determined that the Series B Preferred Stock provides the holder
the right to appoint a majority of the Company s board of directors when such representation is not justified by the relative contribution
of the Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to the Agreement. 

Under the Voting Rights Rule, a company cannot
create a new class of security that votes at a higher rate than an existing class of securities or take any other action that has the
effect of restricting or reducing the voting rights of an existing class of securities. As such, according to the Letter, the issuance
of the Preferred Stock violated the Voting Rights Rule because the holders of the Preferred Stock are entitled to vote on an as-converted
basis, thus having greater voting rights than holders of common stock, and the Series B Preferred Stock is entitled to a disproportionate
representation on the Company s board of directors. 

According to the Letter, the Company has 45 calendar
days from the date of the Letter, or until August 7, 2023, to submit a plan to regain compliance (the Compliance Plan with the Voting Rights Rule, and if such plan is accepted by Nasdaq, the Company can receive an extension of up to 180 calendar days
from the date of the Letter to evidence compliance. However, if the Company s plan is not accepted by Nasdaq, the Common Stock
will be subject to delisting. The Company would have the right to appeal that decision to a hearings panel. The Letter also provides
that the Company s name will be included on a list of all non-compliant companies which Nasdaq makes available to investors on
its website at listingcenter.nasdaq.com, beginning five business days from the date of the Letter. As part of this process, an indicator
reflecting the Company s non-compliance is broadcast over Nasdaq s market data dissemination network and is also made available
to third party market data providers. 

The Company intends to submit the Compliance Plan
to Nasdaq as promptly as practicable and update the public of any developments in this regard, as required by applicable securities laws
and regulations as well as Nasdaq s rules. The Company cannot provide any assurances with respect to Nasdaq s response to
the forthcoming Compliance Plan. 

If we were to fail to meet a Nasdaq listing requirement,
we will be subject to delisting by the Nasdaq. In the event our common stock is no longer listed for trading on the Nasdaq, our trading
volume and share price may decrease and we may experience further difficulties in raising capital which could materially affect our operations
and financial results. Further, delisting from the Nasdaq could also have other negative effects, including potential loss of confidence
by partners, lenders, suppliers and employees and could also trigger various defaults under our lending agreements and other outstanding
agreements. Finally, delisting could make it harder for us to raise capital and sell securities. You may experience future dilution as
a result of future equity offerings. In order to raise additional capital, we may in the future offer additional shares of our common
stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock at prices that may not be the same as the price per share
in this offering. 

The Series B and Series C preferred stock,
if approved by shareholders for conversion, could result in significant dilution to shareholders. 

A third party fairness opinion was utilized by
the Company for the March 6, 2023 acquisition of BNC. In exchange for BNC, the Company issued AAI Series B and certain of its employees
Series C convertible preferred stock which would be convertible into 11,516,667 and 1,816,667 shares of the Company s common stock
on a reverse split adjusted basis. The conversion of this preferred stock by AAI and its employees, however, is subject to both Nasdaq
and shareholder approval rules requiring a majority vote of shareholders to approve a change of control for AAI to acquire more than 19.9 
of the voting rights within the Company. Furthermore, the conversion of the Series B and Series C preferred stock is subject to the Company s
authorized and available shares which are currently at 3,333,333 and 1,949,501, respectively
as of the date of this Annual Report. If the Company is able to successfully obtain shareholder approval to allow the conversion of the
Series B and Series C preferred stock as well as increase its authorized shares, then this event would, assuming that AAI or its employees
were to sell the shares of our common stock upon conversion of the preferred stock, result in significant dilution to the Company s
existing common shareholders. 

17 

We have an evolving business model, which increases the complexity
of our business. 

Our business model has evolved in the past and
continues to do so. In prior years we have added additional types of services and product offerings and in some cases, we have modified
or discontinued those offerings. We intend to continue to try to offer additional types of products or services, and we do not know whether
any of them will be successful. From time to time we have also modified aspects of our business model relating to our product mix. We
do not know whether these or any other modifications will be successful. The additions and modifications to our business have increased
the complexity of our business and placed significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance,
financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions. Future additions to or modifications of our business are
likely to have similar effects. Further, any new business or website we launch that is not favorably received by the market could damage
our reputation or our brand. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Risks Relating to Our Planned Spin-offs 

There is an inherent risk that a regulatory
agency may attempt to change the Company s record date for its planned stock dividends. 

The Company announced that its common and preferred
shareholders of record as of September 30, 2022 would be entitled to receive a pro rata share of the common stock holdings of WTRV and
Wolf Energy in the respective spin-off reverse merger transactions of White River Holdings and Banner Midstream. Additionally, the Company
announced that its common and preferred shareholders of record as of November 15, 2022 would be entitled to receive their pro rata share
of at least 95 of any net proceeds received from the ongoing Zest Labs litigation and their pro rata share of Zest Labs which the Company
plans to transfer into Zest Holdings. While the Company intends to distribute these shares of common stock and any proceeds from Zest
Holdings to shareholders of record as of the previously announced record dates, there is a substantial risk that a regulator, including
but not limited to the Depository Trust Company DTC ), may require the Company to change its record date to a future unknown
date selected by the regulator. If a regulator were to direct a change in this record date it could cause a material liability for the
Company due to potential lawsuits from both (i) common shareholders who sold their shares of common stock after the record date under
the assumption that they would have been eligible to receive stock dividends as well as (ii) common and preferred shareholders who held
their shares after the record dates but had their pro rata share of ownership in the company decreased due to subsequent dilution incurred
on Company share issuances and capital raises after the record dates. In the event that a regulator attempted to change the Company s
record dates for these stock dividends, the Company would defend itself vigorously and potentially pursue legal measures against the regulator
in an attempt to mitigate any potential shareholder lawsuits. However, the outcome of any such action cannot be predicted with any degree
of certitude by the Company and there can be no assurance that the Company would be able to successfully defend itself. 

We have incurred significant delays in the
effectiveness of registration statements to enable the Company to issue stock dividends of WTRV and Wolf Energy. 

The Form S-1 for the registration of the common
stock underlying the White River Holdings stock dividend was filed on December 7, 2022, with the sixth amendment thereto having been filed
on July 5, 2023. The Form S-1 for the registration of the common stock underlying the Banner Midstream stock dividend was filed on March
10, 2023. As of the date of the filing of this Annual Report, neither registration statement has been declared effective by the SEC. The
Company may incur further delays on these registration statements and cannot accurately predict when either will be declared effective,
if ever. 

We may encounter issues with the ability to
transfer either the intellectual property or litigation of Zest into Zest Holdings. 

The Company intends to transfer all of the common
stock of Zest Labs into Zest Holdings. Any net cash proceeds from the Zest Labs litigation or any sale or licensing of Zest Labs intellectual
property would then be distributed to the Company s shareholders of record on a pro rata basis as of November 15, 2022, DTC permitting.
There is an inherent risk that the Company may determine that a potential risk relating to the future viability of either the Zest Labs
litigation or the Zest Labs intellectual property exists and that could be triggered upon this transfer. If this event occurs, the Company
would most likely leave Zest Labs as a wholly owned subsidiary but still intend to distribute any net cash proceeds realized by Zest Labs
to shareholders of record on a pro rata basis as of November 15, 2022. 

18 

Risks Related to BNC 

If BNC fails to retain existing users and add
a very significant number of new users, or if BNC s users decrease their level of engagement with BNC s products, BNC s
revenue, financial results, and business may be significantly harmed. 

If BNC fails to retain existing users and add
a very significant number of new users, or if BNC s users decrease their level of engagement with BNC s products, BNC s
revenue, financial results, and business may be significantly harmed. The following events, among others, should they occur, would have
a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects: 

users increasingly engage with other competitive products
or services; 

BNC fails to introduce new features, products, or services
that users find engaging or if BNC introduces new products or services, or makes changes to existing products and services, that are
not favorably received; 

BNC fails to develop all of the products it intends to make
available on its Platform, which could adversely impact the utility of our Platform and our user experience; 

users feel that their experience is diminished as a result
of the decisions BNC makes with respect to the frequency, prominence, format, size, and quality of ads that BNC displays; 

users have difficulty installing, updating, or otherwise
accessing BNC s products on mobile or other devices as a result of actions by BNC or third parties that BNC relies on to distribute
BNC s products and deliver BNC s services; 

BNC is unable to develop products for mobile devices that
users find engaging, that work with a variety of mobile operating systems and networks, and that achieve a high level of market acceptance; 

there are decreases in user sentiment due to questions about
the quality or usefulness of BNC s products or BNC s user data practices, concerns about the nature of content made available
on BNC s products, or concerns related to privacy, safety, security, well-being, or other factors; 

BNC is unable to manage and prioritize information to ensure
users are presented with content that is appropriate, interesting, useful, and relevant to them; 

BNC is unable to obtain or attract engaging third-party content; 

BNC is unable to successfully maintain or grow usage of and
engagement with applications that integrate with BNC s products; 

users adopt new technologies where BNC s products may
be displaced in favor of other products or services, or may not be featured or otherwise available; 

there are changes mandated by legislation, government and
regulatory authorities, or litigation that adversely affect BNC s products or users or increase BNC s compliance costs; 

BNC is unable to offer a number of BNC s products and
services in other countries, or are otherwise limited in BNC s business operations, as a result of foreign regulators, courts,
or legislative bodies determining that BNC s reliance on Standard Contractual Clauses or other legal bases BNC may rely upon to
transfer user data from the foreign country to the United States is invalid; 

there is decreased engagement with BNC s products,
or failure to accept BNC s terms of service, as part of privacy-focused changes that BNC has implemented or may implement in the
future, whether voluntarily, in connection with the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), the European Union s
ePrivacy Directive, the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), or other laws, regulations, or regulatory actions, or otherwise; 

19 

technical or other problems prevent BNC from delivering its
products in a rapid and reliable manner or otherwise affect the user experience, such as security breaches or failure to prevent or limit
spam or similar content, or users feel their experience is diminished as a result of BNC s efforts to protect the security and
integrity of the Platform; 

BNC adopts terms, policies, or procedures related to areas
such as sharing, content, user data, or advertising, or BNC takes, or fails to take, actions to enforce BNC s policies, that are
perceived negatively by BNC s users or the general public; 

BNC elects to focus its product decisions on longer-term
initiatives that do not prioritize near-term user growth and engagement; 

BNC makes changes in its user account login or registration
processes or changes in how BNC promotes different products and services across its family of products; 

initiatives designed to attract and retain users and engagement,
including the use of new technologies such as artificial intelligence, are unsuccessful, whether as a result of actions by BNC, its competitors,
or other third parties, or otherwise; 

there is decreased engagement with BNC s products as
a result of taxes imposed on the use of social media or other mobile applications in certain countries, internet shutdowns, or other
actions by governments that affect the accessibility of BNC s products in their countries; 

BNC fails to provide adequate customer service to users,
marketers, developers, or other partners; or 

BNC, developers whose products are integrated with BNC s
products, or other partners and companies in BNC s industry are the subject of adverse media reports or other negative publicity,
including as a result of BNC s or its user data practices. 

The size of BNC s user base and BNC s
users level of engagement across BNC s products are critical to BNC s success. BNC s financial performance will
be significantly determined by BNC s success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users of BNC s products that deliver
ad impressions. User growth and engagement are also impacted by a number of other factors, including competitive products and services,
such as TikTok, that could reduce some users engagement with BNC s products and services, as well as global and regional
business, macroeconomic, and geopolitical conditions. Any future declines in the size of BNC s active user base, which to date is
minimal, may adversely impact BNC s ability to deliver ad impressions and, in turn, BNC s financial performance. 

If people do not perceive BNC s products
to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, BNC may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency
and duration of their engagement. A number of other social networking companies that achieved early popularity have since seen their active
user bases or levels of engagement decline, in some cases precipitously. There is no guarantee that BNC will not experience a similar
inability to generate a significant used baser or, if achieved, subsequent erosion of BNC s active user base or engagement levels.
User engagement can be difficult to measure, particularly as BNC introduces new and different products and services. Any number of factors
can negatively affect user retention, growth, and engagement, including if: 

From time to time, certain of these factors
have negatively affected user retention, growth, and engagement to varying degrees. If BNC are unable to maintain or increase BNC s
user base and user engagement, particularly for BNC s significant revenue-generating products like Facebook and Instagram, BNC s
revenue and financial results may be adversely affected. Any significant decrease in user retention, growth, or engagement could render
BNC s products less attractive to users, marketers, and developers, which is likely to have a material and adverse impact on BNC s
ability to deliver ad impressions and, accordingly, BNC s revenue, business, financial condition, and results of operations. As
the size of BNC s active user base fluctuates in one or more markets from time to time, BNC will become increasingly dependent on
BNC s ability to maintain or increase levels of user engagement and monetization in order to grow revenue. 

20 

BNC s user growth, engagement, and monetization
on mobile devices depend upon effective operation with mobile operating systems, networks, technologies, products, and standards that
BNC does not control. 

The substantial majority of BNC s revenue
is expected to be generated from advertising on mobile devices. There is no guarantee that popular mobile devices will feature BNC s
products, or that mobile device users will ever use BNC s products rather than competing products. BNC is dependent on the interoperability
of BNC s products with popular mobile operating systems, networks, technologies, products, and standards that BNC does not control,
such as the Android and iOS operating systems and mobile browsers. Changes, bugs, or technical issues in such systems, or changes in BNC s
relationships with mobile operating system partners, handset manufacturers, browser developers, or mobile carriers, or in the content
or application of their terms of service or policies that degrade BNC s products functionality, reduce or eliminate BNC s
ability to update or distribute BNC s products, give preferential treatment to competitive products, limit BNC s ability to
deliver, target, or measure the effectiveness of ads, or charge fees related to the distribution of BNC s products or BNC s
delivery of ads have in the past adversely affected, and could in the future adversely affect, the usage of BNC s products and monetization
on mobile devices. 

BNC s products and changes to such products
could fail to attract or retain users or generate revenue and profits, or otherwise adversely affect BNC s business. 

BNC s ability to retain, increase, and engage
its user base and to increase BNC s revenue depends heavily on BNC s ability to continue to evolve BNC s existing products
and to create successful new products, both independently and in conjunction with developers or other third parties. BNC is currently
in the early stages of development, has made a limited number of products available to users and has not developed all of the products
it intends to release to users. Although BNC is actively developing products it intends to release to users, in the future, technological,
competitive or financial pressures, among other changes, could cause BNC to abandon its product development plans which would adversely
harm its user experience and financial results. In addition, BNC may introduce significant changes to BNC s products or acquire
or introduce new and unproven products, including using technologies with which BNC has little or no prior development or operating experience.
For example, BNC does not have significant experience with consumer hardware products or virtual or augmented reality technology, which
may adversely affect BNC s ability to successfully develop and market these products and technologies. BNC will incur substantial
costs, and BNC may not be successful in generating profits, in connection with these efforts. These efforts, including the introduction
of new products or changes to existing products, may result in new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, ethical
concerns, or other complications that could adversely affect BNC s business, reputation, or financial results. If BNC s new
products or changes to existing products fail to engage users, marketers, or developers, or if BNC s business plans are unsuccessful,
BNC may fail to attract or retain users or to generate sufficient revenue, operating margin, or other value to justify BNC s investments,
and BNC s business may be adversely affected. 

BNC may be adversely
impacted by negative economic conditions. 

BNC s performance and financial condition
are subject to economic conditions and the impact such conditions have on levels of discretionary spending. Factors that may impact discretionary
spending include inflation, employment rates, the liquidity of the capital markets, economic uncertainty and political conditions. Spending
on BNC s Platform has declined in the past, and could decline in the future, during recessionary periods and other periods of uncertainty
or in which capital is constrained. If spending on BNC s marketplace or Platform declines, or grows at a slower rate, including
as a result of reduced discretionary consumer spending, BNC s business, financial condition, and results of operations would be
adversely affected. 

BNC may not be successful in its metaverse
strategy and investments, which could adversely affect BNC s business, reputation, or financial results. 

BNC believes that the metaverse, an embodied internet
where people have immersive experiences beyond two-dimensional screens, is the next evolution in social technology. BNC intends to focus
on helping to bring the metaverse to life. BNC expects this will be a complex, evolving, and long-term initiative that will involve the
development of new and emerging technologies, require significant investment in infrastructure as well as privacy, safety, and security
efforts, and collaboration with other companies, developers, partners, and other participants. However, the metaverse may not develop
in accordance with BNC s expectations, and market acceptance of features, products, or services BNC may build for the metaverse
is uncertain. While BNC intends to regularly evaluate BNC s product roadmaps and make significant changes as BNC s understanding
of the technological challenges and market landscape and BNC s product ideas and designs evolve, there is no guarantee that BNC
will be able to successfully compete in the future. In addition, BNC has virtually no experience with consumer hardware products and virtual
and augmented reality technology, which may enable other companies to compete more effectively than it can. BNC may be unsuccessful in
BNC s future research and product development efforts, including if BNC is unable to develop relationships with key participants
in the metaverse or develop products that operate effectively with metaverse technologies, products, systems, networks, or standards.
BNC hopes to make investments in virtual and augmented reality and other technologies to support these efforts, and BNC s ability
to support these efforts is dependent on generating sufficient profits from BNC s business. In addition, as BNC s metaverse
efforts evolve, BNC may be subject to a variety of existing or new laws and regulations in the United States and international jurisdictions,
including in the areas of privacy, safety, competition, content regulation, consumer protection, and e-commerce, which may delay or impede
the development of BNC s products and services, increase BNC s operating costs, require significant management time and attention,
or otherwise harm BNC s business. As a result of these or other factors, BNC s metaverse strategy and investments may not
be successful in the foreseeable future, or at all, which could adversely affect BNC s business, reputation, or financial results. 

21 

BNC may not be able to successfully grow usage
of and engagement with applications that integrate with BNC s products. 

BNC hopes to make investments to enable developers
to build, grow, and monetize applications that integrate with BNC s products. Such existing and prospective developers may not be
successful in building, growing, or monetizing applications that create and maintain user engagement. Additionally, developers may choose
to build on other platforms, including platforms controlled by third parties, rather than building products that integrate with BNC s
products. BNC is continuously seeking to balance the distribution objectives of BNC s developers with BNC s desire to provide
an optimal user experience, and BNC may not be successful in achieving a balance that attracts or retains such developers. In addition,
as part of BNC s efforts related to privacy, safety, and security, BNC intends to conduct investigations and audits of platform
applications from time to time. In some instances, these actions will adversely affect BNC s relationships with developers. If BNC
is not successful in BNC s efforts to grow the number of developers that choose to build products that integrate with BNC s
products or if BNC is unable to continue to build and maintain good relations with such developers, BNC s user growth and user engagement
as well as its financial results may be adversely affected. 

Some developers,
creators, and users on our Platform may make unauthorized, fraudulent, or illegal use of Bitnile Tokens, Coins and other digital goods
or experiences on our Platform, including through unauthorized third-party websites or cheating programs. 

Bitnile Tokens, Coins,
and digital goods on our Platform have no monetary value outside of our Platform, and cannot be traded between accounts currently within
bitnile.com, but users may in the future make unauthorized, fraudulent, or illegal sales and/or purchases of BitNile Tokens, Coins, and
other digital goods on or off of our Platform, including through unauthorized third-party websites in exchange for real-world currency.
For example, when trading between characters is implemented, some users may make fraudulent use of credit cards owned by others on our
Platform to purchase Bitnile Tokens or coins and offer the purchased tokens and coins for sale at a discount on a third-party website. 

While we plan to regularly
monitor and screen usage of our Platform with the aim of identifying and preventing these activities, and regularly monitor third-party
websites for fraudulent Bitnile products or digital goods offers as well as regularly send cease-and-desist letters to operators of these
third-party websites, we are unable to control or stop all unauthorized, fraudulent, or illegal transactions in Bitnile Tokens, Coins,
or other digital goods that occurs on or off of our Platform. Although we are not directly responsible for such unauthorized, fraudulent,
and/or illegal activities conducted by these third parties, our user experience may be adversely affected, and users and/or developers
may choose to leave our Platform if these activities are pervasive. These activities may also result in negative publicity, disputes,
or even legal claims, and measures we take in response may be expensive, time consuming, and disruptive to our operations. 

In addition, unauthorized,
fraudulent, and/or illegal purchases and/or sales of Bitnile Tokens, Coins, or other digital goods on or off of our Platform, including
through third-party websites, bots, fake accounts, or cheating or malicious programs that enable users to exploit vulnerabilities
in the experiences on our Platform or our partners websites and platforms, could reduce our revenue and bookings by, among other
things, decreasing revenue from authorized and legitimate transactions, increasing chargebacks from unauthorized credit card transactions,
causing us to lose revenue and bookings from dissatisfied users who stop engaging with the experiences on our Platform, or increasing
costs we incur to develop technological measures to curtail unauthorized transactions and other malicious programs. 

Under the terms of service
for our Platform, which developers, creators and users are obligated to comply with, we reserve the right to temporarily or permanently
ban individuals for breaching our Terms of Use by violating applicable law or bitnile.com policies which include engaging in illegal activity
on the Platform. We will also employe technological measures to help detect unauthorized transactions and continue to develop additional
methods and processes through which we can identify unauthorized transactions and block such transactions. However, there can be no assurance
that our efforts to prevent or minimize these unauthorized, fraudulent, or illegal transactions will be successful. 

Due to unfamiliarity
and some negative publicity associated with digital assets, BNC s user base may lose confidence in products and services that utilize
technology related to digital assets. 

One of BNC s products and experiences is
a virtual market which facilitates the sales of digital assets from BNC as well as third party vendors like virtual real estate, digital
art, user customizations and unique collectibles. Products and services that are based on digital assets are relatively new. The digital
asset industry has companies that are unlicensed, unregulated, operate without supervision by any governmental authorities. As a result,
users and the general public may lose confidence in digital assets, including BNC products and services. Companies like BNC that deal
in digital assets are appealing targets for hackers and malware and may also be more likely to be targets of regulatory enforcement actions.
Negative perception, a lack of stability and standardized regulation in the digital asset industry and the failure of digital asset focused
companies due to fraud, business failure, hackers or malware, or government mandated regulation, may reduce confidence in BNC s
business. Any of these events could have a material and adverse impact on BNC s business. 

22 

Risks Related to BNC s Business Operations
and Financial Results 

Our business is highly competitive. Competition
presents an ongoing threat to the success of BNC s business. 

BNC expects to compete with companies providing
connection, sharing, discovery, and communication products and services to users online, as well as companies that sell advertising to
businesses looking to reach consumers and/or develop tools and systems for managing and optimizing advertising campaigns. BNC faces significant
competition in every aspect of BNC s business, including, but not limited to, companies that facilitate the ability of users to
create, share, communicate, and discover content and information online or enable marketers to reach their existing or prospective audiences.
BNC expects to compete to attract, engage, and retain people who use BNC s products, to attract and retain businesses that use BNC s
free or paid business and advertising services, and to attract and retain developers who build compelling applications that integrate
with BNC s products. BNC also expects to compete with companies that develop and deliver virtual and augmented reality products
and services. As BNC introduces or acquires new products, or as other companies introduce new products and services, including as part
of efforts to develop the metaverse or innovate through the application of new technologies such as artificial intelligence, BNC may become
subject to additional competition. 

Virtually all BNC s current and potential
competitors have greater resources, experience, or stronger competitive positions in the product segments, geographic regions, or user
demographics in which BNC intends to operate than BNC does. For example, some of BNC s competitors may be domiciled in different
countries and subject to political, legal, and regulatory regimes that enable them to compete more effectively than BNC could. These factors
may allow BNC s competitors to respond more effectively than BNC to new or emerging technologies and changes in market conditions.
In the event that users engage with other products and services, BNC may never see any growth in use and engagement in key user demographics
or more broadly, in which case BNC s business would be harmed. 

BNC s competitors may develop products,
features, or services that are similar to its own or that achieve greater acceptance, may undertake more far-reaching and successful product
development efforts or marketing campaigns, or may adopt more aggressive pricing policies. Some competitors may gain a competitive advantage
against BNC, including: by making acquisitions; by limiting BNC s ability to deliver, target, or measure the effectiveness of ads;
by imposing fees or other charges related to BNC s delivery of ads; by making access to BNC s products more difficult or impossible;
by making it more difficult to communicate with BNC s users; or by integrating competing platforms, applications, or features into
products they control such as mobile device operating systems, search engines, browsers, or e-commerce platforms. BNC s competitors
may, and in some cases will, acquire and engage users or generate advertising or other revenue at the expense of BNC s own efforts,
which would negatively affect BNC s business and financial results. In addition, from time to time, BNC may take actions in response
to competitive threats, but BNC cannot assure you that these actions will be successful or that they will not negatively affect BNC s
business and financial results. 

Real or perceived inaccuracies in BNC s
community and other metrics may harm BNC s reputation and negatively affect BNC s business. 

The numbers for BNC s key metrics are calculated
using internal company data based on the activity of user accounts, at times augmented by other sources. While these numbers are based
on what BNC believes to be reasonable estimates of BNC s user base for the applicable period of measurement, there are inherent
challenges in measuring usage of BNC s products across online and mobile populations around the world. The methodologies used to
measure these metrics require significant judgment and are also susceptible to algorithm or other technical errors. In addition, BNC is
seeking to establish mechanisms to improve its estimates of its user base, and such estimates may change due to improvements or changes
in BNC s methodology. BNC intends to regularly review BNC s processes for calculating these metrics, and from time to time
BNC expects to discover inaccuracies in these metrics or make adjustments to improve their accuracy. 

The lack of comprehensive encryption for communications
on the Platform may increase the impact of a data security incident. 

Communications on the Platform are not comprehensively
encrypted at this time. As such, any data security incident that involves unauthorized access, acquisition, disclosure, or use may be
highly impactful to BNC s business. BNC may experience considerable incident response forensics, data recovery, legal fees, and
costs of notification related to any such potential incident, and BNC may face an increased risk of reputational harm, regulatory enforcement,
and consumer litigation, which could further harm BNC s business, financial condition, results of operations, and future business
opportunities. 

BNC relies on the
experience and expertise of its senior management team and skilled employees with creative and technical backgrounds. 

BNC s success depends in part upon the continued
service of its senior management team and key technical employees. Each of these employees could terminate his or her relationship with
BNC at any time. Such employees, particularly game designers, engineers and project managers with desirable skill sets are in high demand,
and BNC devotes significant resources to identifying, hiring, training, successfully integrating and retaining these employees. Hiring
and retaining skilled employees to support BNC s products and services is highly competitive. A lack of skilled technical workers
or the loss of any member of BNC s senior management team could delay or negatively impact BNC s business plans, ability to
compete, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

23 

Risks Related to Government Regulation and
Enforcement 

Actions by governments that restrict access
to BNC s products in their countries, censor or moderate content on BNC s products in their countries, or otherwise impair
BNC s ability to sell advertising in their countries, could substantially harm BNC s business and financial results. 

BNC expects that governments will from time to
time seek to censor or moderate content available on BNC s products, should such products ever be developed, distributed and used
by customers, in their country, restrict access to BNC s products from their country partially or entirely, or impose other restrictions
that may affect the accessibility of BNC s products in their country for an extended period of time or indefinitely. In addition,
government authorities may seek to restrict user access to BNC s products if they consider us to be in violation of their laws or
a threat to public safety or for other reasons. It is also possible that government authorities could take action that impairs BNC s
ability to sell advertising, including in countries where access to BNC s consumer-facing products may be blocked or restricted.
In the event that content shown on BNC s products is subject to censorship, access to BNC s products is restricted, in whole
or in part, in one or more countries, BNC would be required to or could elect to make changes to BNC s future operations, or other
restrictions are imposed on BNC s products, or BNC s competitors are able to successfully penetrate new geographic markets
or capture a greater share of existing geographic markets that BNC cannot access or where BNC face other restrictions, BNC s ability
to increase BNC s user base, user engagement, or the level of advertising by marketers may be adversely affected, and BNC may not
be able to grow BNC s revenue as anticipated, and BNC s financial results could be adversely affected. 

BNC s business is subject to complex
existing U.S. and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data use and data protection, content, competition, safety and consumer
protection, e-commerce, and other matters, many of which may be amended supplements by laws and regulations in the future. Many of these
laws and regulations are subject to change and uncertain interpretation and applicability to BNC, and could result in claims, changes
to BNC s products and business practices, monetary penalties, increased cost of operations, or declines in user growth or engagement,
or otherwise harm BNC s business. 

BNC is subject to a variety of laws and regulations,
changes in existing laws and regulations or the interpretations of them in the United States and abroad that will involve matters central
to BNC s business, including, but not limited to, privacy, data use, data protection and personal information, biometrics, encryption,
rights of publicity, content, integrity, intellectual property, advertising, marketing, distribution, data security, data retention and
deletion, data localization and storage, data disclosure, artificial intelligence and machine learning, electronic contracts and other
communications, competition, protection of minors, consumer protection, civil rights, accessibility, telecommunications, product liability,
e-commerce, digital assets, gaming, gambling, sweepstakes, promotions, taxation, economic or other trade controls including sanctions,
anti-corruption and political law compliance, securities law compliance, and online payment services. The introduction of new products,
expansion of BNC s activities in certain jurisdictions, or other actions that BNC may take may subject it to additional laws, regulations,
or other government scrutiny. In addition, foreign data protection, privacy, content, competition, consumer protection, and other laws
and regulations can impose different obligations or be more restrictive than those in the United States. 

BNC may incur substantial
expenses to comply with laws and regulations or defend against a claim that BNC has not complied with them. Further, any failure on BNC s
part to comply with any relevant laws or regulations may subject BNC to significant civil or criminal liabilities, penalties, taxes, fees,
costs and negative publicity. The application of existing domestic and international laws and regulations to BNC relating to issues such
as user privacy and data protection, security, defamation, pricing, advertising, taxation, digital assets, gambling, sweepstakes, promotions,
consumer protection, accessibility, content regulation, quality of services, law enforcement demands, telecommunications, mobile, and
intellectual property ownership and infringement in many instances is unclear or unsettled. Further, the application to us of existing
laws regulating or requiring licenses for certain businesses of BNC advertisers can be unclear. For example, BNC operates a social casino
with a sweepstakes component, through which it offers real money prizes. It is unclear whether certain regulations relating to gaming,
gambling, and sweepstakes apply to our operations. U.S. export control laws and regulations also impose requirements and restrictions
on exports to certain nations and persons and on BNC s business. Internationally, BNC may also be subject to laws regulating BNC s
activities in foreign countries and to foreign laws and regulations that are inconsistent from country to country. 

These U.S. federal, state, and foreign laws and
regulations, which in some cases can be enforced by private parties in addition to government entities, are constantly evolving and can
be subject to significant change. As a result, the application, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often
uncertain, particularly in the new and rapidly evolving industry in which BNC operates, and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently
from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and inconsistently with BNC s current policies and practices. For example, regulatory or legislative
actions or litigation affecting the manner in which BNC displays content to BNC s users, moderate content, or obtain consent to
various practices could adversely affect user growth and engagement. Such actions could affect the manner in which BNC provides its services
or adversely affect BNC s financial results. 

24 

As its business develops, BNC expects to become
subject to significant legislative and regulatory developments, and proposed or new legislation and regulations could significantly affect
BNC s business in the future. For example, BNC intends to implement certain product changes and controls as a result of requirements
under the European General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), and may implement additional changes in the future. The interpretation
of the GDPR is still evolving and draft decisions in investigations are subject to review by several European privacy regulators as part
of the GDPR s consistency mechanism, which may lead to significant changes in the final outcome of such investigations. As a result,
the interpretation and enforcement of the GDPR, as well as the imposition and amount of penalties for non-compliance, are subject to significant
uncertainty. The California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ),
also establishes certain transparency rules and creates new data privacy rights for users, including limitations on BNC s use of
certain sensitive personal information and more ability for users to control the purposes for which their data is shared with third parties.
Other states have proposed or enacted similar comprehensive privacy laws that afford users with similar data privacy rights and controls.
These laws and regulations are evolving and subject to interpretation, and resulting limitations on BNC s advertising services,
or reductions of advertising by marketers, could adversely affect BNC s advertising business. 

These laws and regulations, as well as any associated
claims, inquiries, or investigations or any other government actions, have in the past led to, and may in the future lead to, unfavorable
outcomes including increased compliance costs, loss of revenue, delays or impediments in the development of new products, negative publicity
and reputational harm, increased operating costs, diversion of management time and attention, and remedies that harm BNC s business,
including fines or demands or orders that BNC modify or cease existing business practices. 

Changes in laws affecting gaming, and sweepstakes,
or the public perception of gaming, and sweepstakes may adversely impact our or BNC s business. 

BNC offers a number of products and services,
which may include a selection of gaming options, including sweepstakes, and social gaming experiences. Social gaming experiences have
recently been the subject of civil lawsuits, and some jurisdictions have taken an adverse position to interactive social gaming, including
 social casinos and sweepstakes-based gaming. This could lead to states adopting legislation or imposing a regulatory framework
to govern interactive social gaming or social casino or sweepstakes-based gaming specifically. These could also result in a prohibition
on interactive social gaming or social casino or sweepstakes-based gaming altogether, restrict BNC s ability to advertise its games,
or substantially increase BNC or our costs to comply with these regulations, all of which could have an adverse effect on our or BNC s
results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. It is not possible to predict the likelihood, timing, scope, or terms of any
such legislation or regulation or the extent to which they may affect our or BNC s business. 

Regulators in the future may pass additional rules
and regulations that could adversely affect our or BNC s business. In May 2019, the World Health Organization adopted a new edition
of its International Classification of Diseases, which lists gaming addiction as a disorder. The American Psychiatric Association APA and U.S. regulators have yet to decide whether gaming addiction should be considered a behavioral disorder, but the APA has noted that
research and the debate on its classification are ongoing. Certain countries, including China and South Korea, have enacted regulations,
such as imposing both gaming curfews and spending limits for minors, and established treatment programs aimed at addressing gaming addiction.
It is not possible to predict the likelihood, timing, scope, or terms of any similar regulations in any of the markets in which BNC operates,
or the extent to which implementation of such regulations may adversely affect our or BNC s reputation and business. 

Consumer protection and health concerns regarding
games and gambling such as BNC s have been raised in the past and may again be raised in the future. Such concerns could lead to
increased scrutiny over the manner in which BNC s games are designed, developed, distributed, and presented. We and BNC cannot predict
the likelihood, timing or scope of any concern reaching a level that will impact its business, or whether it would suffer any adverse
impacts to our or BNC s results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Our reputation may be harmed due to unfamiliarity
or negative press associated with activities BNC is undertaking, including the online metaverse landscape, virtual markets, real world
goods marketplaces, gaming, social activities, sweepstakes, and digital assets. 

BNC is focused on the development of the online
metaverse landscape and is focused on immersive digital experiences, including virtual markets, real world goods marketplaces, gaming,
social activities, sweepstakes, and more. The activities BNC is undertaking are based on technology that is relatively new. Many companies
operating in similar industries are unlicensed, unregulated and/or operate without supervision by any governmental authorities. As a result,
users and the general public may lose confidence in BNC s products and services. Companies like BNC that deal in digital assets
are appealing targets for hackers and malware and may also be more likely to be targets of regulatory enforcement actions. Negative perception,
a lack of stability and standardized regulation in the industries in which BNC operates and the failure of similar companies due to fraud,
business failure, hackers or malware, or government mandated regulation, may reduce confidence in our or BNC s business. Any of
these events could have a material and adverse impact on our or BNC s reputation and business. 

25 

If BNC fails to protect
users or is perceived to be failing to protect users, its business will suffer and results of operations could be materially and adversely
affected. 

Unfavorable publicity regarding, for example,
BNC s privacy, data security, or data protection practices, terms of service, product changes, product quality, litigation or regulatory
activity, the actions of BNC users or developers, the use of the Platform for illicit or objectionable ends (including the use of the
Platform to possibly entice children to interact off-Platform), actual or perceived incidents or misuses of user data or other privacy
or security incidents, the substance or enforcement of community standards, the quality, integrity, characterization and age-appropriateness
of content shared on the Platform, or the actions of other companies that provide similar services to ours, has in the past, and could
in the future, adversely affect BNC s reputation. Although illicit activities are in violation of BNC s terms and policies
and BNC attempts to block objectionable material, BNC is unable to prevent all such violations from occurring and measures intended to
make the Platform more attractive to older age-verified users may create the perception that the Platform is not safe for users. In addition,
BNC maya faced allegations that its Platform has been used by criminal offenders to identify and communicate with children and to possibly
entice them to interact off-Platform, outside of the restrictions of the chat, content blockers and other on-platform safety measures.
While BNC devotes considerable resources to prevent this from occurring, any negative publicity could create the perception that BNC does
not provide a safe online environment and may have an adverse effect on the size, engagement, and loyalty of its developer and user community,
which would adversely affect business and financial results. 

We may be subject to regulatory and other government
investigations, enforcement actions, settlements, and other inquiries in the future, which could cause us to incur substantial costs or
require us or BNC to change its business practices in a manner materially adverse to its business. 

Should BNC s business ever expand to a significant
degree, we and BNC s management expects to receive formal and informal inquiries from government authorities and regulators regarding
BNC s compliance with laws and regulations, many of which are evolving and subject to interpretation. In such a scenario, we and
BNC expect to be the subject of investigations, inquiries, data requests, requests for information, actions, and audits in the United
States, particularly in the areas of privacy and data protection, including with respect to minors, law enforcement, consumer protection,
civil rights, content moderation, blockchain technologies, sweepstakes, promotions, gaming, gambling, and competition. In addition, we
or BNC may in the future be subject to regulatory orders or consent decrees. 

We or BNC may also become subject to various litigation
and formal and informal inquiries and investigations by competition authorities in the United States, which may relate to many aspects
of BNC s future business, including with respect to users and advertisers, as well as BNC s industry. Such inquiries, investigations,
and lawsuits concern, among other things, BNC s business practices in the areas of social networking or social media services, digital
advertising, gambling, and sweepstakes activities and/or mobile or online applications. 

Orders issued by, or inquiries or enforcement
actions initiated by, government or regulatory authorities could cause us or BNC to incur substantial costs, expose us to civil and criminal
liability (including liability for personnel) or penalties (including substantial monetary remedies), interrupt or require us or BNC to
change its business practices in a manner materially adverse to our or BNC s business (including changes products or user data practices),
result in negative publicity and reputational harm, divert resources and the time and attention of management from our or BNC s
business, or subject us or BNC to other structural or behavioral remedies that adversely affect our or BNC s business. 

BNC expects, should its business ever develop,
to be subject to regulatory and other government investigations, enforcement actions, settlements and other inquiries in the future, which
could cause us BNC incur substantial costs or require BNC to change its business practices in a manner materially adverse to its business. 

Should BNC s business ever expand and to
a significant degree, its management expects it to receive formal and informal inquiries from government authorities and regulators regarding
BNC s compliance with laws and regulations, many of which are evolving and subject to interpretation. In such a scenario, BNC expects
to be the subject of investigations, inquiries, data requests, requests for information, actions, and audits in the United States, Europe,
and around the world, particularly in the areas of privacy and data protection, including with respect to minors, law enforcement, consumer
protection, civil rights, content moderation, and competition. In addition, BNC may in the future be subject to regulatory orders or consent
decrees. 

BNC may also become subject to various litigation
and formal and informal inquiries and investigations by competition authorities in the United States, Europe, and other jurisdictions,
which may relate to many aspects of BNC s future business, including with respect to users and advertisers, as well as BNC s
industry. Such inquiries, investigations, and lawsuits concern, among other things, BNC s business practices in the areas of social
networking or social media services, digital advertising, and/or mobile or online applications. 

Orders issued by, or inquiries or enforcement
actions initiated by, government or regulatory authorities could cause BNC to incur substantial costs, expose us to civil and criminal
liability (including liability for BNC s personnel) or penalties (including substantial monetary remedies), interrupt or require
BNC to change its business practices in a manner materially adverse to BNC s business (including changes to BNC s products
or user data practices), result in negative publicity and reputational harm, divert resources and the time and attention of management
from BNC s business, or subject it to other structural or behavioral remedies that adversely affect BNC s business. 

26 

Payment transactions may subject us to additional
regulatory requirements and other risks that could be costly and difficult to comply with or that could harm BNC s business. 

Several of BNC s future products may offer
payments functionality, including enabling BNC s users to purchase tangible, virtual, and digital goods from merchants and developers
that offer applications using BNC s payment infrastructure, send money to other users, and make donations to certain charitable
organizations, among other activities. BNC is or may become subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States, Europe
and elsewhere, including those governing anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing, money transmission, stored value, gift
cards and other prepaid access instruments, electronic funds transfer, virtual currency, consumer protection, charitable fundraising,
trade sanctions, and import and export restrictions. Depending on how BNC s payment products evolve, BNC may also be subject to
other laws and regulations including those governing gambling, sweepstakes, banking, and lending. In some jurisdictions, the application
or interpretation of these laws and regulations is not clear. BNC s efforts to comply with these laws and regulations could be costly
and result in diversion of management time and effort and may still not guarantee compliance. In the event that BNC is found to be in
violation of any such legal or regulatory requirements, BNC may be subject to monetary fines or other penalties such as a cease and desist
order, or BNC may be required to make product changes, any of which could have an adverse effect on BNC s business and financial
results. 

Risks Related to Data, Security, and Intellectual
Property 

Security breaches, improper access to or disclosure
of BNC s data or user data, other hacking and phishing attacks on BNC s systems, or other cyber incidents could harm BNC s
reputation and adversely affect BNC s business. 

BNC s industry is prone to cyber-attacks
by third parties seeking unauthorized access to BNC s data or users data or to disrupt BNC s ability to provide service.
BNC s products and services involve the collection, storage, processing, and transmission of a large amount of data. Any failure
to prevent or mitigate security breaches and improper access to or disclosure of BNC s data or user data, including personal information,
content, or payment information from users, or information from marketers, could result in the loss, modification, disclosure, destruction,
or other misuse of such data, which could harm BNC s business and reputation and diminish BNC s competitive position. In addition,
computer malware, viruses, social engineering (such as spear phishing attacks), scraping, and general hacking continue to be prevalent
in BNC s industry and are expected to occur on BNC s systems in the future. BNC expects to regularly encounter attempts to
create false or undesirable user accounts, purchase ads, or take other actions on BNC s platform for purposes such as spamming,
spreading misinformation, or other objectionable ends. Such attacks may cause interruptions to the services BNC intends to provide, degrade
the user experience, cause users or marketers to lose confidence and trust in BNC s products, impair BNC s internal systems,
or result in financial harm to BNC. BNC s efforts to protect its data or the information BNC receives, and to disable undesirable
activities on BNC s platform, may also be unsuccessful due to software bugs or other technical malfunctions; employee, contractor,
or vendor error or malfeasance, including defects or vulnerabilities in BNC s vendors information technology systems or offerings;
government surveillance; breaches of physical security of BNC s facilities or technical infrastructure; or other threats that evolve.
In addition, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or users to disclose information in order to gain access to BNC s
data or BNC s users data. Cyber-attacks continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and inherently may be difficult
to detect for long periods of time. Although BNC intends to try to develop systems and processes that are designed to protect BNC s
data and user data, to prevent data loss, to disable undesirable accounts and activities on BNC s platform, and to prevent or detect
security breaches, BNC cannot assure you that such measures, if implemented, will provide adequate security, that BNC will be able to
react in a timely manner, or that BNC s remediation efforts will be successful. The changes in BNC s work environment as a
result of certain personnel working remotely could also impact the security of BNC s systems, as well as BNC s ability to
protect against attacks and detect and respond to them quickly. 

In addition, some of BNC s developers or
other partners, such as those that help us measure the effectiveness of ads, may receive or store information provided by us or by BNC s
users through mobile or web applications integrated with BNC s products. If these third parties or developers fail to adopt or adhere
to adequate data security practices, or in the event of a breach of their networks, BNC s data or BNC s users data
may be improperly accessed, used, or disclosed. 

BNC expects to experience cyber-attacks and other
security incidents of varying degrees from time to time, and BNC expects to incur significant costs in protecting against or remediating
such incidents. In addition, BNC is subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad relating to cybersecurity
and data protection. As a result, affected users or government authorities could initiate legal or regulatory actions against BNC in connection
with any actual or perceived security breaches or improper access to or disclosure of data, which has occurred in the past and which could
cause BNC to incur significant expense and liability or result in orders or consent decrees forcing BNC to modify its business practices.
Such incidents or BNC s efforts to remediate such incidents may also result in a decline in BNC s active user base or engagement
levels. Any of these events could have a material and adverse effect on BNC s business, reputation, or financial results. 

27 

We anticipate that BNC s efforts related
to privacy, safety, security, and content review will identify additional instances of misuse of user data or other undesirable activity
by third parties on BNC s platform. 

BNC intends to make investments in privacy, safety,
security, and content review efforts to combat misuse of BNC s services and user data by third parties, including investigations
and audits of platform applications, as well as other enforcement efforts. As a result of these efforts, BNC anticipates that BNC will
discover and announce additional incidents of misuse of user data or other undesirable activity by third parties. BNC may not discover
all such incidents or activity, whether as a result of BNC s data or technical limitations, including BNC s lack of visibility
over BNC s encrypted services, the allocation of resources to other projects, or other factors, and BNC may be notified of such
incidents or activity by the FTC, the media or other third parties. Such incidents and activities may in the future include the use of
user data or BNC s systems in a manner inconsistent with BNC s terms, contracts or policies, the existence of false or undesirable
user accounts, improper advertising practices, activities that threaten people s safety on or offline, or instances of spamming,
scraping, data harvesting, unsecured datasets, or spreading misinformation. BNC may also be unsuccessful in its efforts to enforce BNC s
policies or otherwise remediate any such incidents. Consequences of any of the foregoing developments include negative effects on user
trust and engagement, harm to BNC s reputation, changes to BNC s business practices in a manner adverse to BNC s business,
and adverse effects on BNC s business and financial results. Any such developments may also subject BNC to additional litigation
and regulatory inquiries, which could subject BNC to monetary penalties and damages, divert management s time and attention, and
lead to enhanced regulatory oversight. 

BNC s products and internal systems rely
on software and hardware that is highly technical, and any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities in these systems, or failures to address or
mitigate technical limitations in BNC s systems, could adversely affect BNC s business. The Platform and the technology of
the third-party service providers upon which BNC relies are also subject to the risks of severe weather, earthquakes, fires, floods, hurricanes
and other natural catastrophic events and to interruption by man-made problems such as terrorism or cyberattacks. 

It is critical
the success of the Platform that users be able to access BNC s website, mobile apps and Platform at all times. BNC s systems,
or those of third parties upon which BNC relies, may experience service interruptions, degradation, outages, and other performance problems
that interrupt the availability or affect the speed or functionality of BNC s website, mobile apps and Platform due to a variety
of factors, including severe weather, earthquakes, fires, floods, hurricanes, other natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications
services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, hardware and software defects or malfunctions, cyberattacks and other
similar incidents. BNC s products and internal systems rely on software and hardware, including software and hardware developed
or maintained internally and/or by third parties, that is highly technical and complex. In addition, BNC s products and internal
systems depend on the ability of such software and hardware to store, retrieve, process, and manage considerable amounts of data. The
software and hardware on which BNC relies is expected to contain, errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities, and BNC s systems are subject
to certain technical limitations that may compromise BNC s ability to meet BNC s objectives. Some errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities
inherently may be difficult to detect and may only be discovered after the code has been released for external or internal use. Errors,
bugs, vulnerabilities, design defects, or technical limitations within the software and hardware on which BNC relies, or human error in
using such systems, may in the future lead to outcomes including a negative experience for users and marketers who use BNC s products,
compromised ability of BNC s products to perform in a manner consistent with BNC s terms, contracts, or policies, delayed
product introductions or enhancements, targeting, measurement, or billing errors, compromised ability to protect the data of BNC s
users and/or BNC s intellectual property or other data, or reductions in BNC s ability to provide some or all of BNC s
services. In addition, any errors, bugs, vulnerabilities, or defects in BNC s systems or the software and hardware on which BNC
relies, failures to properly address or mitigate the technical limitations in BNC s systems, or associated degradations or interruptions
of service or failures to fulfill BNC s commitments to BNC s users, are expected to lead to outcomes including damage to BNC s
reputation, loss of users, loss of marketers, prevention of its ability to generate revenue, regulatory inquiries, litigation, or liability
for fines, damages, or other remedies, any of which could adversely affect BNC s business and financial results. 

If BNC is unable to protect BNC s intellectual
property, the value of its brands and other intangible assets may be diminished, and its business may be adversely affected. 

BNC relies, and expects to continue to rely on
a combination of confidentiality, assignment, and license agreements with BNC s employees, consultants, and third parties with whom
BNC has relationships, as well as intellectual property laws, to protect BNC s proprietary rights. In the United States and internationally,
BNC expects to file various applications for protection of certain aspects of BNC s intellectual property. Third parties may knowingly
or unknowingly infringe BNC s proprietary rights, third parties may challenge proprietary rights held by BNC in the future, and
future trademark and patent applications may not be approved. In addition, effective intellectual property protection may not be available
in every country in which BNC operates or intends to operate. In any or all of these cases, BNC may be required to expend significant
time and expense in order to prevent infringement or to enforce BNC s rights. Although BNC expects to take measures to protect BNC s
proprietary rights, there can be no assurance that others will not offer products or concepts that are substantially similar to BNC s
and compete with BNC s business. If the protection of BNC s proprietary rights is inadequate to prevent unauthorized use or
appropriation by third parties, the value of BNC s brands and other intangible assets may be diminished and competitors may be able
to more effectively mimic BNC s products, services and methods of operations. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on
BNC s business and financial results. 

28 

BNC expects to be party to patent lawsuits
and other intellectual property rights claims that are expensive and time consuming and, if resolved adversely, could have a significant
impact on BNC s business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Companies, in particular established ones, in
the internet, technology, and media industries typically own large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, and
frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of intellectual property
or other rights. In the event that BNC ever develops a significant intellectual property portfolio, it would face similar challenges that
established companies do. In addition, various non-practicing entities that own patents and other intellectual property rights
often attempt to aggressively assert their rights in order to extract value from technology companies. Furthermore, from time to time
BNC may introduce or acquire new products, which could increase BNC s exposure to patent and other intellectual property claims
from competitors and non-practicing entities. 

From time to time, BNC may receive notices from
patent holders and other parties alleging that certain of BNC s products and services, or user content, infringe their intellectual
property rights. BNC expects, should its business ever develop, to be involved in a number of intellectual property lawsuits. Defending
patent and other intellectual property litigation is costly and can impose a significant burden on management and employees, and there
can be no assurances that favorable final outcomes will be obtained in all or even most cases. In addition, plaintiffs may seek, and BNC
may become subject to, preliminary or provisional rulings in the course of any such litigation, including potential preliminary injunctions
requiring us to cease some or all of BNC s anticipated operations. BNC may seek, if possible, to settle such lawsuits and disputes
on terms that are unfavorable to it. Similarly, if any litigation to which BNC is a party is resolved adversely, BNC may be subject to
an unfavorable judgment that may not be reversed upon appeal, if appealed. The terms of such a settlement or judgment may require us to
cease some or all of BNC s operations or require us pay substantial amounts to the other party, which BNC may not be able to afford.
In addition, BNC may have to seek a license to continue practices found to be in violation of a third party s rights, which may
not be available on reasonable terms, or at all, and may significantly increase BNC s operating costs and expenses. As a result,
BNC may also be required to develop alternative non-infringing technology or practices or discontinue the practices. The development of
alternative non-infringing technology or practices could require significant effort and expense, could result in less effective technology
or practices or otherwise negatively affect the user experience, or may not be feasible. BNC s business, financial condition, and
results of operations could be adversely affected as a result of an unfavorable resolution of the disputes and litigation referred to
above. 

We rely on the ability to use the intellectual
property rights of third parties, and we may lose the benefit of any intellectual property owned by or licensed to BNC. 

Substantially all of our games rely on products,
technologies and other intellectual property that are licensed from third parties. The future success of our business will depend, in
part, on our ability to obtain, retain or expand licenses for technologies and services in a competitive market. We cannot assure that
these third-party licenses, or support for such licensed technologies and services, will continue to be available to us on commercially
reasonable terms, if at all. In the event that we lose the benefit of, or cannot renew and/or expand existing licenses, we may be required
to discontinue or limit our use of the technologies and services that include or incorporate the licensed intellectual property. In addition,
we may not have the leverage to negotiate amendments to the Statement of Work, if required, on terms as favorable to us as those we would
negotiate with an unaffiliated third party. 

BNC may suffer from the use of a third-party platform for its primary
development of the Platform. 

BNC s strategic decision to utilize a third-party
platform for the primary development of the bitnile.com metaverse presents a variety of risks. The following events, should they occur,
would have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and future prospects: 

Technological Dependencies: Employing
a third-party platform for BNC s operations creates significant technological dependencies, introducing a new set of potential risks.
This dependence means that BNC s operations on bitnile.com are tied to the stability, security, and strategic direction of the third-party
provider s platform. A primary concern is the risk of technical difficulties. In the event that the third-party platform experiences
system failures, software bugs, or performance issues, BNC may encounter disruptions in its operations. This could include slowdowns,
service interruptions, or even complete outages, affecting user experience and potentially leading to a loss of users, decreased activity,
and subsequently, reduced revenues. Security is another critical area of concern. If the third-party platform suffers from security breaches,
BNC could face the risk of data exposure. This could involve unauthorized access to user data or corporate information, leading to privacy
infringements, potential violation of data protection laws, and damage to BNC s reputation. The fallout from such a breach could
extend to legal repercussions and loss of trust among users and shareholders. Further, any unexpected shift in the third-party provider s
product strategy could also pose a threat. If the provider decides to discontinue certain features, change its technology stack, or modify
the platform in a way that is not compatible with BNC s operations, it could leave BNC looking for new solutions. This could necessitate
significant unplanned investment in modifications, alternative solutions, or even migration to a new platform, with associated costs and
potential service disruptions. 

Business Continuity: Utilizing a third-party
platform as a cornerstone of operations introduces an element of risk concerning business continuity for BNC. The provider s operations,
which are outside BNC s direct control, could be subject to various disruptions. This includes potential financial instability,
service alterations, technological failures, or even company-wide shutdowns. Such interruptions can have a significant cascading effect
on BNC s operations, threatening the regular functioning of bitnile.com. In severe cases, this could lead to a prolonged suspension
of services, leaving BNC unable to meet its commitments to customers, partners, or other stakeholders. The fallout can be manifold, ranging
from revenue loss and diminished customer trust to reputational damage in the marketplace. 

Competitive Landscape: Utilizing a third-party
platform could inadvertently contribute to intensifying competitive pressures. Given that similar tools and services are available to
other market players, BNC may find its competitive edge being eroded. Furthermore, if the third-party platform decides to venture into
the metaverse market, BNC could be confronted with competition from its own service provider. Additionally, the choice of platform can
indirectly influence BNC s market position. If the platform falls out of favor in the industry or is overtaken by newer, more innovative
solutions, BNC s association with it could negatively impact its perceived market standing. 

29 

Intellectual Property: Employing third-party
technology presents substantial intellectual property IP concerns. When the third-party provider retains the majority
of the IP rights, it poses a significant risk for BNC. In such a situation, BNC s operational framework may hinge on technology
for which it does not hold ownership, potentially limiting the company s flexibility to modify or adapt the technology to suit its
evolving needs. The use of third-party technology brings with it the risk of potential intellectual property infringement claims. If the
third-party platform unlawfully incorporates other companies technologies, BNC could find itself ensnared in legal disputes. 

Regulatory Compliance: Utilizing a third-party
platform can present complex challenges. While employing external technology can yield substantial operational advantages, it concurrently
exposes BNC to potential compliance risks. These can surface if the third-party platform does not adhere strictly to all pertinent regulations,
including but not limited to privacy laws, data protection statutes, and industry-specific standards. Non-compliance may trigger a broad
range of legal consequences, from fines and penalties to enforcement actions by regulatory bodies. Additionally, compliance failure can
inflict significant damage on BNC s reputation, leading to a loss of trust among users, shareholders, and the broader public. This
could potentially translate into a decline in user numbers, revenue, and market share. Furthermore, regulatory landscapes are dynamic
and can change swiftly due to legislative amendments, court decisions, or shifts in policy enforcement. If the third-party provider fails
to adapt to these changes promptly, BNC might find itself out of compliance unintentionally, exposing the company to the aforementioned
risks. 

We rely on Amazon Web Services for a portion
of our cloud infrastructure in certain areas, and as a result any disruption of AWS would negatively affect our operations and significantly
harm our business. 

We
rely on Amazon Web Services AWS a third-party provider for a portion of our backend services, including for some of our
high-speed databases, scalable object storage, and message queuing services. For location-based support areas, we outsource certain aspects
of the infrastructure relating to our Platform. As a result, our operations depend, in part, on AWS ability to protect their services
against damage or interruption due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, natural disasters,
power or telecommunications failures, criminal acts, capacity constraints and similar events. Our developers, creators, and users need
to be able to access our Platform at any time, without interruption or degradation of performance. Our Platform depends, in part, on the
virtual cloud infrastructure hosted in AWS. Although we have disaster recovery plans that utilize multiple AWS availability zones to support
our requirements, any incident affecting their infrastru cture that may be caused by fire, flood, severe storm, earthquake or other
natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures, cyber-attacks, terrorist or other attacks, and other similar events beyond
our control, could adversely affect our cloud-native Platform. Any disruption of or interference with our use of AWS could impair our
ability to deliver our Platform reliably to our developers, creators, and users. 

Additionally, threats or attacks from computer
malware, ransomware, viruses, social engineering (including phishing attacks), denial of service or other attacks, employee theft or misuse
and general hacking have occurred and are becoming more prevalent in our industry, particularly against cloud-native services and vendors
of security solutions. If AWS were to experience any of these security incidents, it could result in unauthorized access to, damage to,
disablement or encryption of, use or misuse of, disclosure of, modification of, destruction of, or loss of our data or our developers ,
creators , and users data or disrupt our ability to provide our Platform or service. 

A prolonged AWS service disruption affecting our
Platform for any of the foregoing reasons would adversely impact our ability to serve our users, developers, and creators and could damage
our reputation with current and potential users, developers, and creators, expose us to liability, result in substantial costs for remediation,
cause us to lose users, developers, and creators, or otherwise harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations. and users.
We may also incur significant costs for using alternative hosting cloud infrastructure services or taking other actions in preparation
for, or in reaction to, events that damage or interfere with the AWS services we use. 

In the event that our AWS service agreements
are terminated, or there is a lapse of service, elimination of AWS services or features that we utilize, we could experience interruptions
in access to our Platform as well as significant delays and additional expense in arranging for or creating new facilities or re-architecting
our Platform for deployment on a different cloud infrastructure service provider, which would adversely affect our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

Risks Relating to Agora 

In March 2023, the Company experienced a significant
change in its business model as it has shifted its focus towards building out the Platform towards a revenue-generating model and away
from the non-core legacy subsidiaries Agora and Zest Labs. As a result of the shift in business strategy, the related risk factors for
Agora have been updated accordingly. 

30 

As the Company devotes substantially all of
its growth capital towards building out the Platform, there may be minimal remaining growth capital, if any, to devote to Agora s
hosting business. 

As a result of the Company s change in business
strategy as well as capital constraints, the Company has limited resources to devote to building out Agora s hosting business. To
date, Agora has been unable to fulfill the terms of the MSA it signed with BitNile, Inc. in December 2022, and the Company does not currently
have clarity on if it will be able to successfully enter the hosting business. 

Agora lacks an operating history in the digital
asset hosting space, and its new business is subject to a number of significant risks and uncertainties which affect its future viability. 

As of March 31, 2023, Agora has invested in a
Bitcoin mining business which was then discontinued as Bitstream transitioned to a digital asset hosting model. That business, Bitstream,
entered agreements and arrangements for equipment and power contracts. In order to proceed at its first digital asset hosting facility
in Texas, it must enter into a long-term contract to purchase electric power from the power grid in Texas and use the power to mine Bitcoin
on behalf of third parties as well as take advantage of future power shortages such as the one that affected Texas in the winter of 2021
and may be beginning to occur in Texas in June 2023. Among the risks and uncertainties are: 

Agora is currently in discussions with a number of key players in this industry, but has not yet executed
any definitive agreements to purchase the power needed from the retail power provider, and if it is able to enter into an agreement for
the power, the terms may not be as attractive as it currently expects, which may threaten the profitability of this venture; 

Although Agora entered into a MSA for digital asset hosting services for BitNile, Inc. in December 2022,
it has not been able to successfully perform its obligations under that contract and does not know if it has the capital resources to
fulfill its obligations under this contract or a digital hosting contract for another party now or at any point in the future; 

If Agora is unable to enter into a definitive agreement with the power broker, any deposits Agora paid to the power broker will be forfeited and
Agora will lack a source of affordable power. This would materially and adversely affect Agora s ability to operate its digital
asset hosting business and its financial condition. Agora has fully expensed the deposits as of March 31, 2023; 

Agora purchased and received delivery of 5,000 Canaan AvalonMiner 841 miners; the hashrate versus the
Bitcoin reward of these miners is not economically viable at today s prices, and the market to sell these miners is minimal. As
a result, the Company took an impairment charge on these miners for the fiscal year ended on March 31, 2023; 

Agora s team has minimal experience in commercial scale Bitcoin hosting operations; 

Agora may have difficulty finding third parties willing to consign its miners to them for the purposes
of executing on a hosting agreement; 

Because of supply chain disruptions including those relating to computer chips, Agora could encounter
delivery delays or other difficulties with the purchase, installing and operating of Agora s power infrastructure at our facility,
which would adversely affect its ability to generate material revenue from its operations; 

There are a growing number of well capitalized digital asset hosting companies; and 

Bans from governments such as China and New York, together with pending legislation in Congress and other
regulatory initiatives threaten the ability to use Bitcoin as a medium of exchange and thus impact the demand for mining and hosting; 

For all of these reasons, Agora s digital
asset hosting business may not be successful. 

Agora is subject to risks associated with its
need for sufficient real property and a continuous source of significant electric power at economically favorable prices, and its current
efforts, outstanding litigation against Bitstream, and negotiations for these resources to commence and grow operations at its West Texas
facilities may ultimately be unsuccessful. 

Agora s Bitcoin mining operations require
both land on which to install mining equipment and significant amounts of electric power to operate such equipment. On December 10, 2021,
Bitstream entered into a lease agreement pursuant to which Bitstream leased 20 acres of land for an initial term of 10 years and a subsequent
term of 10 years to set up mining equipment in West Texas in exchange for monthly payments equal to 3 of the electricity costs. If Bitstream
does not use the leased land for 12 consecutive months, the lease will terminate. On January 3, 2022, Agora finalized a land purchase
agreement for a separate parcel of 20 acres of land 12,500 per acre) in West Texas for 250,000, of which 125,000 was paid for by Priority
Power Management PPM to assist in the funding as Agora goes through the registration statement process. Agora has no obligation
to repay PPM and it has no ownership of the land. Agora has an option to sell back this land to the sellers at 400 per acre upon cessation
of the land being used as a data center. 

31 

Additionally, Agora has already paid 1,096,000 to a power broker for
assistance in obtaining 12 megawatts MW of electricity at this site, with the potential to increase the available capacity
at the substation to 48 MW. Agora had entered into a second letter of intent for a second location in October 2021 where it has already
paid 1,326,500 and committed to pay 1,628,000 upon the execution of a definitive agreement; however, these high costs and uncertainties
may harm its ability to become profitable, particularly if the price of Bitcoin declines further or if Agora is unable to enter into definitive
agreements for the power on favorable terms or at all. While Agora has arranged for the delivery of the transformers necessary to use
up to 42 MW (with agreement to go to 78 MW in the next six to twelve months) of electricity, Agora has conditional and unconditional rights
to two sites in West Texas for up to 372 MW, subject to approval by the local government, which is the only required approval needed.
If Agora or the third parties with whom it contracts should fail to obtain, deliver and install the necessary items for the required energy
as and when needed and on commercially viable terms, its results of operations and financial condition will be materially adversely affected.
There may not be an alternative source of electricity, or the resources needed to access it, and the establishment and growth of Agora s
Bitcoin mining operations may be stifled or hindered as a result. The Company received 865,000 related to the deposits paid and expensed
the remaining amounts related to these agreements in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 

The Company s lack of capital has hindered
Bitstream s operations and resulted in various litigation related to Bitstream for lack of payment or lack of contract performance.
On April 22, 2022, BitStream Mining and Ecoark Holdings were sued in Travis County, Texas District Court (Docket #79176-0002) by Print
Crypto Inc. in the amount of 256,733.28 for failure to pay for equipment purchased to operate BitStream Mining s Bitcoin mining
operation. On July 15, 2022, BitStream Mining and two of their Management were parties to a petition filed in Ward County District Court
by 1155 Distributor Partners-Austin, LLC d/b/a Lonestar Electric Supply in the amount of 414,026.83 for failure to pay for equipment
purchased to operate the Company s Bitcoin mining operation. On October 17, 2022, BitStream Mining was a party to a petition filed
in Ward County District Court by VA Electrical Contractors, LLC in the amount of 1,666,187.18 for failure to pay for equipment purchased
to operate the Company s Bitcoin mining operation. See Legal Proceedings on page 38, for additional information. 

Additionally, Agora s digital asset hosting
operations could be materially and adversely affected by prolonged power outages, and it may have to reduce or cease its operations in
the event of an extended power outage, or as a result of the unavailability or increased cost of electric power as occurred in Texas
in the winter of 2021. While Agora intends to participate in the responsive reserve program of the Electric Reliability Council of Texas,
or ERCOT, should this issue arise, which could offset some or all of the revenue losses, were this were to occur, its business and results
of operations could nonetheless be materially and adversely affected, particularly if the reserve program fails. 

Agora s digital asset hosting costs could
outpace its digital asset hosting revenues, which would continue to put a strain on its business or increase its losses. 

Agora s digital asset hosting operations
will be costly and its expenses may increase in the future. This expense increase may not be offset by a corresponding increase in hosting
revenue. Agora s expenses may be greater than it anticipates, and its investments to make its digital asset hosting business more
efficient may not succeed and may outpace monetization efforts. For example, if prices of Bitcoin decline or remain low, and power costs
increase, Agora s ability to become profitable will also decline. Similarly, increases in Agora s costs without a corresponding
increase in its revenue would increase our losses and could seriously harm our financial condition. 

We are subject to a highly evolving regulatory landscape and any
adverse changes to, or our failure to comply with, any laws and regulations could adversely affect our business, prospects or operations. 

Our business is subject to extensive laws, rules,
regulations, policies and legal and regulatory guidance, including those governing securities, commodities, crypto asset custody, exchange
and transfer, data governance, data protection, cybersecurity and tax. Many of these legal and regulatory regimes were adopted prior to
the advent of the Internet, mobile technologies, crypto assets and related technologies. As a result, they do not contemplate or address
unique issues associated with the crypto economy, are subject to significant uncertainty, and vary widely across U.S. federal, state and
local and international jurisdictions. These legal and regulatory regimes, including the laws, rules and regulations thereunder, evolve
frequently and may be modified, interpreted and applied in an inconsistent manner from one jurisdiction to another, and may conflict with
one another. Moreover, the complexity and evolving nature of our business and the significant uncertainty surrounding the regulation of
the crypto economy requires us to exercise our judgement as to whether certain laws, rules and regulations apply to us, and it is possible
that governmental bodies and regulators may disagree with our conclusions. To the extent we have not complied with such laws, rules and
regulations, we could be subject to significant fines and other regulatory consequences, which could adversely affect our business, prospects
or operations. As Bitcoin has grown in popularity and in market size, the Federal Reserve Board, U.S. Congress and certain U.S. agencies
(e.g., the CFTC, SEC, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN and the Federal Bureau of Investigation) have begun
to examine the operations of the Bitcoin network, Bitcoin users and the Bitcoin exchange market. Regulatory developments and/or our business
activities may require us to comply with certain regulatory regimes. For example, to the extent that our activities cause us to be deemed
a money service business under the regulations promulgated by FinCEN under the authority of the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act, we may be required
to comply with FinCEN regulations, including those that would mandate us to implement certain anti-money laundering programs, make certain
reports to FinCEN and maintain certain records. 

32 

If politics in the United States, particularly
the climate change movement, continues to affect Bitcoin mining, it could materially and adversely affect Agora s business and future
results of operation and financial condition. 

Bitcoin mining uses very large amounts of electricity
to operate the high speed computers used in mining. Because West Texas presently has low electricity rates, Agora arranged for power supplies
there to support its planned operations. On November 23, 2022, the Governor of New York signed into law a bill passed by the State of
New York legislature, which imposed a two-year moratorium on certain cryptocurrency mining, including Bitcoin mining. While this action
does not directly impact Agora s current operations, which would be conducted in Texas, it may be the beginning of a new wave of
climate change regulations aimed at preventing or reducing the growth of Bitcoin mining in the U.S., including potentially jurisdictions
in which Agora now operates or may in the future operate. While New York is currently a state under Democratic control and very supportive
of climate change regulations in contrast to Texas, there is a risk that Democrats may gain control of Texas and enact legislation that
would make Agora s operations in Texas economically inviable. Further if other states begin to adopt legislation that makes cryptocurrency
mining prohibitively expensive or bans it, it could create a surge of demand in Texas and increase the cost of power there. The above-described
developments could also demonstrate the beginning of a regional or global regulatory trend in response to environmental and energy preservation
or other concerns surrounding cryptocurrencies, and similar action in a jurisdiction in which Agora operates or in general could have
devastating effects to our operations. If further regulation follows, it is possible that the digital asset hosting industry may not be
able to adjust to a sudden and dramatic overhaul to our ability to deploy energy towards the operation of mining equipment. 

The crypto economy is novel and has little
to no access to policymakers or lobbying organizations, which may harm our ability to effectively react to proposed legislation and regulation
of crypto assets or crypto asset platforms adverse to our business. 

As crypto assets have grown in both popularity
and market size, various U.S. federal, state and local and foreign governmental organizations, consumer agencies and public advocacy groups
have been examining the operations of crypto networks, users and platforms, with a focus on how crypto assets can be used to launder the
proceeds of illegal activities, fund criminal or terrorist enterprises, and the safety and soundness of platforms and other service providers
that hold crypto assets for users. Many of these entities have called for heightened regulatory oversight, and have issued consumer advisories
describing the risks posed by crypto assets to users and investors. For instance, in July 2019, then-U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin
stated that he had very serious concerns about crypto assets. In recent months, members of Congress have made inquiries
into the regulation of crypto assets, and Gary Gensler, Chair of the Commission, has made public statements regarding increased regulatory
oversight of crypto assets. Outside the United States, several jurisdictions have banned so-called initial coin offerings, such as China
and South Korea, while Canada, Singapore, Hong Kong, have opined that token offerings may constitute securities offerings subject to local
securities regulations. In July 2019, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority proposed rules to address harm to retail
customers arising from the sale of derivatives and exchange-traded notes that reference certain types of crypto assets, contending that
they are ill-suited to retail investors due to extreme volatility, valuation challenges and association with financial crimes.
In May 2021, the Chinese government called for a crackdown on Bitcoin mining and trading, and in September 2021, Chinese regulators instituted
a blanket ban on all crypto mining and transactions, including overseas crypto exchange services taking place in China, effectively making
all crypto-related activities illegal in China. In January 2022, the Central Bank of Russia called for a ban on cryptocurrency activities
ranging from mining to trading, and on March 8, 2022, President Biden announced an executive order on cryptocurrencies which seeks to
establish a unified federal regulatory regime for currencies. 

The crypto economy is novel and has little to
no access to policymakers and lobbying organizations in many jurisdictions. Competitors from other, more established industries, including
traditional financial services, may have greater access to lobbyists or governmental officials, and regulators that are concerned about
the potential for crypto assets for illicit usage may affect statutory and regulatory changes with minimal or discounted inputs from the
crypto economy. As a result, new laws and regulations may be proposed and adopted in the United States and internationally, or existing
laws and regulations may be interpreted in new ways, that harm the crypto economy or crypto asset platforms, which could adversely impact
our business. 

Agora s hosting operations, including
the miners, the housing infrastructure, the land and the facilities as a whole in which its miners are operated, are subject to risks
related to uninsured or underinsured losses and potential damage and contingencies for which it may not be adequately prepared. 

Agora s initial facilities are, and any
future facilities it may establish will be, subject to a variety of risks relating to housing all of its operations, which include keeping
expensive revenue-generating equipment at a single physical location. Agora had insurance covering general liability, but elected to forgo
renewing the policy until it has clear visibility into the future viability of its hosting operations. If, upon reviewing this policy
and commencing hosting operations, the policy may not cover all potential losses fully or at all. For example, Agora s facilities
could be rendered inoperable, temporarily or permanently, as a result of a fire or other natural disaster or by a terrorist or other attack
on a facility. The security and other measures Agora takes to protect against these risks may not be sufficient. In the event of an uninsured
or under-insured loss, including a loss in excess of insured limits, at any of the miners in Agora s network, such miners consigned
to it for hosting by a third party, may not be adequately repaired in a timely manner or at all and Agora may lose some or all of the
future revenues which could have otherwise been derived from such miners. To the extent the miners, the housing infrastructure in which
they are held, or the land itself is permanently damaged, Agora may not be able to bear the cost of repair or replacement. Should any
of these events transpire, Agora may not be able to recover, could lose a material amount of potential revenue, and its business and results
of operations could be materially harmed as a result. 

33 

Agora has had difficulty and expects to continue
to have difficulty collecting on its 4,250,000 note receivable received in exchange for its divestiture of Trend Holdings. 

Agora was issued a Senior Secured Promissory Note
by Trend Ventures, LP on June 16, 2022. The Trend Ventures Note was the consideration paid to Agora for the acquisition of Trend Discovery
Holdings. The Trend Ventures Note is in the principal amount of 4,250,000. As of the date of this Annual Report, Agora has not received
any principal or interest payments on this note. Agora amended the note on May 15, 2023 to allow Trend Ventures additional time to obtain
the necessary resources for repayment. See Note 25 in our consolidated financial statements for details on the amendment. The Company
has fully reserved this note receivable and accrued interest receivable as of March 31, 2023. 

Risks Relating to Zest Labs 

As the Company devotes substantially all of
its growth capital towards building out the Platform, there may be minimal remaining growth capital, if any, to devote towards maintaining,
licensing, or selling Zest Lab s intellectual property or towards current or future intellectual property litigation. 

As a result of the Company s change in business
strategy as well as capital constraints, the Company has had limited resources to devote to maintaining, licensing or selling Zest Lab s
intellectual property. Furthermore, the Company has limited resources to devote to current and future litigation other than that litigation
which has been secured properly by a litigation funding firm. 

Our ability to return shareholder value with
respect to Zest Labs depends to a large extent on the outcome of the litigation related to protection of our intellectual property rights. 

As previously disclosed, in April 2021, a federal
jury found in our favor on three claims and awarded us damages in our lawsuit against Walmart Inc. and judgment was entered in our favor
that same month. For more information including disclosure on recent events, see Item 3. Legal Proceedings in this Report. 

We expect that Walmart will appeal the District
Court s decision. Intellectual property and similar litigation is subject to uncertainty. There is no assurance that we will be
successful in our efforts related to this lawsuit or if we are, what amounts we will be able to recover. 

General Risks 

Our future success depends on our ability to
retain and attract high-quality personnel, and the efforts, abilities and continued service of our senior management. 

Our future success depends on our ability to attract,
hire, train and retain a number of highly skilled employees and on the service and performance of our senior management team and other
key personnel for each of our subsidiaries particularly with the planned spin-offs. The loss of the services of our executive officers
or other key employees and inadequate succession planning could cause substantial disruption to our business operations, deplete our institutional
knowledge base and erode our competitive advantage, which would adversely affect our business. Competition for qualified personnel possessing
the skills necessary to implement our strategy is intense, and we may fail to attract or retain the employees necessary to execute our
business model successfully. We do not have key person life insurance policies covering any of our executive officers. 

Our success will depend to a significant degree
upon the continued efforts of our key management, engineering and other personnel, many of whom would be difficult to replace. In particular,
we believe that our future success is highly dependent on the roles of the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO as well as the shared staff in AAI that are currently managing BNC. In conjunction with
the BNC transaction, the Company s CEO, Randy May, and CFO, Jay Puchir, plan to depart the Company in good standing at a future
date when the Company s preferred shareholder, AAI, elects to appoint new officers in the Company, presuming that Nasdaq permits
AAI to make such appointments. Additionally, the key personnel in the Company s core business in AAI are currently working in dual
roles within AAI and may not be able to devote full time efforts towards BNC. 

Deterioration of global economic conditions
could adversely affect our business . 

The global economy and capital and credit markets
have experienced exceptional turmoil and upheaval over the past several years. Ongoing concerns about the systemic impact of potential
long-term and widespread recession and potentially prolonged economic recovery, volatile energy costs, fluctuating commodity prices and
interest rates, volatile exchange rates, geopolitical issues, including the recent outbreak of armed conflict in Ukraine, natural disasters
and pandemic illness, instability in credit markets, cost and terms of credit, consumer and business confidence and demand, a changing
financial, regulatory and political environment, and substantially increased unemployment rates have all contributed to increased market
volatility and diminished expectations for many established and emerging economies, including those in which we operate. Furthermore,
austerity measures that certain countries may agree to as part of any debt crisis or disruptions to major financial trading markets may
adversely affect world economic conditions and have an adverse impact on our business. These general economic conditions could have a
material adverse effect on our cash flow from operations, results of operations and overall financial condition. 

34 

The availability, cost and terms of credit also
have been and may continue to be adversely affected by illiquid markets and wider credit spreads. Concern about the stability of the markets
generally, and the strength of counterparties specifically, has led many lenders and institutional investors to reduce credit to businesses
and consumers. These factors have led to a decrease in spending by businesses and consumers over the past several years, and a corresponding
slowdown in global infrastructure spending. 

Continued uncertainty in the U.S. and international
markets and economies and prolonged stagnation in business and consumer spending may adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition,
and the liquidity and financial condition of our customers, including our ability to access capital markets and obtain capital lease financing
to meet liquidity needs. 

No assurance of successful expansion of operations. 

Our significant increase in the scope and the
scale of our operations, including the hiring of additional personnel, has resulted in significantly higher operating expenses. We anticipate
that our operating expenses will continue to increase. Expansion of our operations may also make significant demands on our management,
finances and other resources. Our ability to manage the anticipated future growth, should it occur, will depend upon a significant expansion
of our accounting and other internal management systems and the implementation and subsequent improvement of a variety of systems, procedures
and controls. We cannot assure that significant problems in these areas will not occur. Failure to expand these areas and implement and
improve such systems, procedures and controls in an efficient manner at a pace consistent with our business could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot assure that attempts to expand our marketing, sales,
manufacturing and customer support efforts will succeed or generate additional sales or profits in any future period. As a result of the
expansion of our operations and the anticipated increase in our operating expenses, along with the difficulty in forecasting revenue levels,
we expect to continue to experience significant fluctuations in its results of operations. 

If we cannot manage our growth effectively,
our results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 

We experienced a significant change in our business
model as we have shifted its focus towards building out the Platform towards a revenue-generating model and away from the legacy subsidiaries
Agora and Zest Labs. Our business model relies on our ability to generate revenue through gaming and sweepstakes events in the metaverse,
which is a nascent industry. Businesses that grow rapidly often have difficulty managing their growth while maintaining their compliance
and quality standards. If we grow as rapidly as we anticipate, we will need to expand our management by recruiting and employing additional
executive and key personnel capable of providing the necessary support. There can be no assurance that our management, along with our
staff, will be able to effectively manage our growth. Our failure to meet the challenges associated with rapid growth could materially
and adversely affect our business and operating results. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system
of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements
or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired. 

We are subject to the reporting requirements of
the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act which require, among other things, that public companies maintain effective disclosure controls
and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. 

Although our management concluded that our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective as of March 31, 2023, any failure to maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered
in their implementation or improvement in the future could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement
of our financial statements for prior periods. If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control
over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could
be impaired, which could result in loss of investor confidence and could have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

If our accounting
controls and procedures are circumvented or otherwise fail to achieve their intended purposes, our business could be seriously harmed. 

We evaluate our disclosure
controls and procedures as of the end of each fiscal quarter, and annually review and evaluate our internal control over financial reporting
in order to comply with the Commission s rules relating to internal control over financial reporting adopted pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. If we fail to maintain effective
internal control over financial reporting or our management does not timely assess the adequacy of such internal control, we may be subject
to regulatory sanctions, and our reputation may decline. 

35 

Failure of information technology systems or
data security breaches, including as the result of cyber security attacks, affecting us, our business associates, or our industry, may
adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

We depend on information technology systems and
services in conducting our business. We and others in the industries in which we operate use these technologies for internal purposes,
including data storage and processing, transmissions, as well as in our interactions with our business associates. Examples of these digital
technologies include analytics, automation, and cloud services. If any of our financial, operational, or other data processing systems
are compromised, fail or have other significant shortcomings, it could disrupt our business, require us to incur substantial additional
expenses, result in potential liability or reputational damage or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
and operating results. 

For example, the operator of the Colonial Pipeline
was forced to pay 4.4 million in ransom to hackers as the result of a cyberattack disabling the pipeline for several days in May 2021.
The attack also resulted in gasoline price increases and shortages across the East Coast of the United States. As we depend on the availability
and price of gasoline in our transportation business, any significant increase in the price and/or shortage of gasoline such as that experienced
from the May 2021 cyberattack would have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. Additionally, our Agora operations
depend on the functioning of Bitcoin mining computers and digital wallets maintained by third parties, which are also subject to enhanced
risks of a cyberattack as a result. 

Our limited ability to protect our proprietary
information and technology may adversely affect our ability to compete, and our products could infringe upon the intellectual property
rights of others, resulting in claims against us, the results of which could be costly. 

Many of our products consist entirely or partly
of proprietary technology owned by us. Although we seek to protect our technology through a combination of copyrights, trade secret laws
and contractual obligations, these protections may not be sufficient to prevent the wrongful appropriation of our intellectual property,
nor will they prevent our competitors from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our
proprietary technology. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the
laws of the U.S. In order to defend our proprietary rights in the technology utilized in our products from third party infringement, we
may be required to institute legal proceedings, which would be costly and would divert our resources from the development of our business.
If we are unable to successfully assert and defend our proprietary rights in the technology utilized in our products, our future results
could be adversely affected. 

Although we attempt to avoid infringing known
proprietary rights of third parties in our product development efforts, we may become subject to legal proceedings and claims for alleged
infringement from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Any claims relating to the infringement of third-party proprietary
rights, even if not meritorious, could result in costly litigation, divert management s attention and resources, require us to reengineer
or cease sales of our products or require us to enter into royalty or license agreements which are not advantageous to us. In addition,
parties making claims may be able to obtain an injunction, which could prevent us from selling our products in the U.S. or abroad. 

Future sales of our common stock in the public
market could lower the price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise funds in future securities offerings. 

Of 2,522,816 shares of common stock outstanding as of July10, 2023,
approximately 2,212,944 shares are held by investors who are not our affiliates or holders of restricted stock. Of these 2,522,816
shares, 2,329,420 shares are unrestricted freely tradeable stock and 193,396 shares are being held as restricted shares. The remaining
shares may be sold subject to the volume limits of Rule 144 which limits sales by any affiliate to the greater of 1 of outstanding shares
in any three-month period or the average weekly trading volume over a four-week period. Future sales of a substantial number of shares
of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales may occur, could adversely affect the then prevailing market
price of our common stock and could make it more difficult for us to raise funds in the future through an offering of our securities. 

The price of our common stock is subject to
volatility, including for reasons unrelated to our operating performance, which could lead to losses by investors and costly securities
litigation. 

The trading price of our common stock is likely
to be highly volatile and could fluctuate in response to a number of factors, some of which may be outside our control, including but
not limited to, the following factors: 

future developments within BNC or the Platform and the results of any shareholder vote on the BNC transaction
and any Nasdaq listing concerns arising from the BNC transaction; 

changes in market valuations of companies in the nascent metaverse industry; 

future events related to the market for Bitcoin including regulation; 

36 

the timing and record dates regarding the Company s announced spin-offs; 

regulatory initiatives from the Biden Administration; 

specific regulations relating to the nascent industry of gaming or sweepstakes games in the metaverse; 

announcements of developments by us or our competitors; 

the continuation of the stock market slump, rising interest rates, and any related adverse events affecting
the economy; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures,
capital commitments, significant contracts, or other material developments that may affect our prospects; 

the results of the Walmart litigation; 

actual or anticipated variations in our operating results; 

adoption of new accounting standards affecting our industry; 

future planned departures of the Company s CEO, CFO, and CAO to be replaced by appointees by AAI,
the Company s most significant shareholder; 

additions or departures of other key personnel or directors; 

sales of our common stock or other securities in the open market; and 

other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

The stock market is subject to significant price
and volume fluctuations. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities
class action litigation has often been initiated against such a company. Litigation initiated against us, whether or not successful, could
result in substantial costs and diversion of our management s attention and Company resources, which could harm our business and
financial condition. 

You will experience dilution if we issue additional
equity securities in future financing transactions or under derivative securities outstanding as of the date of this Report. 

We have stock options and warrants outstanding
that are exercisable for shares of our common stock, and as a result of our sale of Series A Preferred Stock in June of 2022 to Ault Lending,
a wholly owned subsidiary of AAI, Ault Lending could convert additional shares of the Series A and cause dilution to the Company s
other investors. To the extent that such outstanding securities are converted into shares of our common stock, or securities are issued
in future financings, our investors may experience dilution with respect to their investment in us. 

Future changes in the fair value of outstanding
warrants could result in volatility of our reported results of operations. 

Because of the derivative liability caused by
our outstanding warrants, the increase or decrease in our common stock price each quarter (measured from the first day to the last day)
is either a non-cash expense or income. If the price rises, we are required to report the expense, which increases our actual operating
loss. Contrarily a price decrease in a given quarter will cause us to report income. The risk is principally that investors will react
to our reported bottom line, which will increase volatility in our stock price. 

Because we can issue blank check 
preferred stock without shareholder approval, it could adversely impact the rights of holders of our common stock. 

Under our Articles of Incorporation, subject to
the approval of the Series A holder, Ault Lending, our Board of Directors, may approve an issuance of up to 5,000,000 shares of blank
check preferred stock without seeking shareholder approval, though in certain cases Nasdaq approval could be required. Any additional
shares of preferred stock that we issue in the future may rank ahead of our common stock in terms of dividend or liquidation rights and
may have greater voting rights than our common stock. In addition, such preferred stock may contain provisions allowing those shares to
be converted into shares of common stock, which would dilute the value of common stock to current shareholders and could adversely affect
the market price of our common stock. In addition, the preferred stock could be utilized, under certain circumstances, as a method of
discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of our Company. Although we have no present intention to issue any additional
shares of authorized preferred stock, there can be no assurance that we will not do so in the future. 

37 

The requirements of being a public company
may strain our resources, divert management s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members. 

We are a public company and subject to the reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act, and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual,
quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things,
that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls for financial reporting. For example, Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that our management report on the effectiveness of our internal controls structure and procedures for
financial reporting. Section 404 compliance may divert internal resources and will take a significant amount of time and effort to
complete. If we fail to maintain compliance under Section 404, or if our internal control over financial reporting continues to not
be effective as defined under Section 404, we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the NYSE American, the Commission,
or other regulatory authorities. Furthermore, investor perceptions of our company may suffer, and this could cause a decline in the market
price of our common stock. Any failure of our internal controls could have a material adverse effect on our stated results of operations
and harm our reputation. If we are unable to implement these changes effectively or efficiently, it could harm our operations, financial
reporting or financial results and could result in an adverse opinion on internal controls from our independent auditors. We may need
to hire a number of additional employees with public accounting and disclosure experience in order to meet our ongoing obligations as
a public company, particularly if we become fully subject to Section 404 and its auditor attestation requirements, which will increase
costs. Our management team and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to new compliance initiatives and to meeting
the obligations that are associated with being a public company, which may divert attention from other business concerns, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If securities or industry analysts do not publish
research or reports about our business, or if they change their recommendations regarding our stock adversely, our stock price and trading
volume could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock will be
influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. Our research coverage by
industry and financial analysts is currently limited. Even if our analyst coverage increases, if one or more of the analysts who cover
us downgrade our stock, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to
regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading
volume to decline. 

The elimination of monetary liability against
our directors, officers and employees under law and the existence of indemnification rights for or obligations to our directors, officers
and employees may result in substantial expenditures by us and may discourage lawsuits against our directors, officers and employees. 

Our articles of incorporation contains a provision permitting us to
eliminate the personal liability of our directors to us and our stockholders for damages for the breach of a fiduciary duty as a director
or officer to the extent provided by Nevada law. We may also have contractual indemnification obligations under any future employment
agreements with our officers. The foregoing indemnification obligations could result in us incurring substantial expenditures to cover
the cost of settlement or damage awards against directors and officers, which we may be unable to recoup. These provisions and the resulting
costs may also discourage us from bringing a lawsuit against directors and officers for breaches of their fiduciary duties and may similarly
discourage the filing of derivative litigation by our stockholders against our directors and officers even though such actions, if successful,
might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. 

We do not anticipate paying dividends on our
common stock and, accordingly, stockholders must rely on stock appreciation for any return on their investment. 

We have never declared or paid cash dividends
on our common stock and do not expect to do so in the foreseeable future. The declaration of dividends is subject to the discretion of
our Board and will depend on various factors, including our operating results, financial condition, future prospects and any other factors
deemed relevant by our Board. You should not rely on an investment in our company if you require dividend income from your investment
in our company. The success of your investment will likely depend entirely upon any future appreciation of the market price of our common
stock, which is uncertain and unpredictable. There is no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value. 

Because the COVID-19 pandemic has had a material
adverse effect on the economy, the uncertainty relating to its continuation may have a future adverse effect on our business, results
of operations, and future prospects. 

The global COVID-19 pandemic and the unprecedented
actions taken by U.S. federal, state and local governments and governments around the world in order to stop the spread of the virus had
a profound impact on the U.S. and global economy, disrupting global supply chains and creating significant volatility in the financial
markets. 

38 

While COVID-19 seems to no longer threaten the
economy as it did, supply chain shortages seem to have evolved from COVID-19. Moreover, the risk of a serious new COVID-19 strain or other
serious virus evolving remains. 

Disruptions and/or uncertainties related to a
new strain of COVID-19 for a sustained period of time could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. Supply chain delays and shortages of Bitcoin miners and other equipment such as transformers may adversely affect
BitNile especially its plans to further develop and monetize its metaverse business. Increased transportation, electrical supply, labor
or other costs which may result from COVID-19 could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, and results of operations. 

Furthermore, the effect of another serious COVID-19
outbreak on financial markets and on our Company may limit our ability to raise additional capital in the future on the terms acceptable
to us at the time we need it, or at all. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Because we are a smaller reporting company, this
section is not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Headquarters 

The Company currently leases office space in San
Antonio, Texas for its headquarters but recently subleased the office space out to a new tenant as the Company is minimizing its office
space to save costs. The current property lease runs through November 2023. 

The Company currently leases space through October 2026 in Charleston,
South Carolina for Agora s offices. 

Bitcoin Mining Facilities 

Agora owns a separate parcel of 20 acres in West
Texas which it purchased for 250,000 on January 3, 2022, of which 125,000 was paid for by PPM to assist in the funding as Agora goes
through the registration statement process. Agora has no obligation to repay PPM and they have no ownership of the land. Agora has an
option to sell back this land to the sellers at 400 per acre upon cessation of the land being used as a data center. Agora intends to
use the land for its Bitcoin mining operations. 

We currently anticipate that the current leased
space will be sufficient to support our current and foreseeable future needs. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Litigation Matters 

The Company is involved in litigation arising
from other matters in the ordinary course of business. We are regularly subject to claims, suits, regulatory and government investigations,
and other proceedings involving labor and employment, commercial disputes, and other matters. Such claims, suits, regulatory and government
investigations, and other proceedings could result in fines, civil penalties, or other adverse consequences. 

Certain of these outstanding matters include speculative,
substantial or indeterminate monetary amounts. We record a liability when we believe that it is probable that a loss has been incurred
and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated,
we disclose the reasonably possible loss. We evaluate developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that
has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments as appropriate. Significant
judgment is required to determine both likelihood of there being and the estimated amount of a loss related to such matters. 

With respect to our other outstanding matters,
based on our current knowledge, we believe that the amount or range of reasonably possible loss will not, either individually or in aggregate,
have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. However, the outcome
of such matters is inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties. 

On August 1, 2018, Ecoark and Zest Labs filed a complaint
against Walmart Inc. in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas, Western Division. The complaint includes
claims for violation of the Arkansas Trade Secrets Act, violation of the Federal Defend Trade Secrets Act, breach of contract, unfair
competition, unjust enrichment, breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, conversion and fraud. On April 9, 2021, a Little
Rock, Arkansas jury awarded Ecoark and Zest Labs a total of 115 million in damages (subsequently reduced to 110 million) which includes
 65 million in compensatory damages (subsequently reduced to 60 million) and 50 million in punitive damages and found Walmart Inc.
liable on three claims. The federal jury found that Walmart Inc. misappropriated Zest Labs trade secrets, failed to comply with
a written contract, and acted willfully and maliciously in misappropriating Zest Labs trade secrets. We expect Walmart to continue
to vigorously defend the litigation and to oppose the verdict in post-trial motions and an appeal. The Company has filed post-trial motions
to add an award for its attorneys fees as the prevailing party in the litigation. In addition to other post-trial motions,
Walmart, Inc. has filed a renewed motion for judgment as a matter of law or, in the alternative, for remittitur or a new trial. As of
the date of this Report, the court has allowed post-trial discovery but has not ruled on the motion for new trial. 

39 

On September 21, 2021, Ecoark Holdings and Zest Labs filed a complaint against Deloitte Consulting, LLP Deloitte in the Eight Judicial District Court in Clark County, Nevada. The complaint was for violation of the Nevada Uniform Trade Secret Act and was also seeking a preliminary and permanent injunction, attorney s fees, and punitive damages. Zest Labs began working with Deloitte in 2016, in a confidential matter in a pilot program that Zest Labs had been engaged for by Walmart. Zest Labs engaged in significant discussions, presentations, demonstrations, and information downloads with Deloitte who specifically acknowledged that this information was confidential. In June 2023, this case was dismissed. 

On April 22, 2022, BitStream Mining and Ecoark Holdings were sued in Travis County, Texas District Court (Docket #79176-0002) by Print Crypto Inc. in the amount of 256,733.28 for failure to pay for equipment purchased to operate BitStream Mining s Bitcoin mining operation. The defendants intend to vigorously defend themselves and have filed counterclaims in the 353 rd Judicial District in Travis County, Texas on May 6, 2022 for fraudulent inducement, breach of contract, and for payment of attorney s fees and costs. The Company provided additional documents to our attorneys on October 7, 2022, and there is no update since then. The Company has accrued the full amount of the claim in its consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2023. 

On July 15, 2022, BitStream Mining and two of their Management were parties to a petition filed in Ward County District Court by 1155 Distributor Partners-Austin, LLC d/b/a Lonestar Electric Supply in the amount of 414,026.83 for failure to pay for equipment purchased to operate the Company s Bitcoin mining operation. The Company filed a petition to remove one of its Management from the claim in December 2022, and there is no update since then. The Company has accrued the full amount of the claim in its consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2023. 

On October 17, 2022, BitStream Mining was a party to a petition filed in Ward County District Court by VA Electrical Contractors, LLC in the amount of 1,666,187.18 for failure to pay for equipment purchased to operate the Company s Bitcoin mining operation. The Company s registered agent was served with this lawsuit on January 3, 2023, the Company answered the claim in January, and is in process of supplying documents for discovery. The Company has accrued the full amount of the claim in its consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2023. 

In the opinion of management, there are no legal
matters involving us that would have a material adverse effect upon the Company s financial condition, results of operations or
cash flows. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

40 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol
 BNMV . The last reported sale price of our common stock as reported by Nasdaq on July 10, 2023 was 1.04. 

Holders 

As of the date of this Annual Report, we had approximately
898 holders of record of our common stock. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and
does not include beneficial owners of common stock whose shares are held in the names of various security brokers, dealers, and registered
clearing agencies. The transfer agent of our common stock is Pacific Stock Transfer, located at 6725 Via Austi Pkwy, Suite 300, Las
Vegas, Nevada 89119. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
on our capital stock. The payment of dividends on our common stock in the future will depend on our earnings, capital requirements, operating
and financial condition and such other factors as our Board of Directors may consider appropriate. As long as the Series A is outstanding,
we are precluded from paying dividends except to the holder of the Series A. 

We currently expect to use all available funds
to finance the future development and expansion of our business and do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable
future. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There were no sales of unregistered securities
during fiscal year 2023 other than those transactions previously reported to the SEC on our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current
reports on Form 8-K. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 

41 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements include statements regarding, among others, (a) our expectations about possible business combinations, (b) our growth strategies,
(c) our future financing plans, and (d) our anticipated needs for working capital. Forward-looking statements, which involve assumptions
and describe our future plans, strategies, and expectations, are generally identifiable by use of the words may, will, 
 should, expect, anticipate, approximate, estimate, believe, 
 intend, plan, budget, could, forecast, might, predict, 
 shall or project, or the negative of these words or other variations on these words or comparable terminology.
This information may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance,
or achievements to be materially different from the future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking
statements. These statements may be found in this Annual Report. 

Forward-looking statements are based on our current
expectations and assumptions regarding our business, potential target businesses, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking
statements relate to the future, by their nature, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that
are difficult to predict. Our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result
of various factors, including, without limitation, the risks outlined under Risk Factors in this Annual Report, changes
in local, regional, national or global political, economic, business, competitive, market (supply and demand) and regulatory conditions
and the following: 

Adverse economic conditions; 

Our ability to effectively execute our business plan; 

Inability to raise sufficient additional capital to operate our business; 

Our ability to manage our expansion, growth and operating expenses; 

Our ability to evaluate and measure our business, prospects and performance metrics; 

Our ability to compete and succeed in highly competitive and evolving industries; 

Our ability to respond and adapt to changes in technology and customer behavior; 

Our ability to protect our intellectual property and to develop, maintain and enhance a strong brand;
and 

Other specific risks referred to in the section entitled Risk Factors . 

We caution you therefore that you should not rely
on any of these forward-looking statements as statements of historical fact or as guarantees or assurances of future performance. All
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
or other information contained herein unless required by law. 

Information regarding market and industry statistics
contained in this Annual Report is included based on information available to us that we believe is accurate. It is generally based on
academic and other publications that are not produced for purposes of securities offerings or economic analysis. Forecasts and other forward-looking
information obtained from these sources are subject to the same qualifications and the additional uncertainties accompanying any estimates
of future market size, revenue and market acceptance of products and services. Except as required by U.S. federal securities laws, we
have no obligation to update forward-looking information to reflect actual results or changes in assumptions or other factors that could
affect those statements. See the section entitled Risk Factors for a more detailed discussion of risks and uncertainties
that may have an impact on our future results. 

Overview 

BitNile Metaverse, Inc. BitNile Metaverse, Ecoark Holdings or the Company is a holding company, incorporated in the
State of Nevada on November 19, 2007. Through September 30, 2022, Ecoark Holdings former subsidiaries with the exception of Agora
Digital Holdings, Inc., a Nevada corporation Agora and Zest Labs, Inc. Zest Labs have been treated as
divested for accounting purposes. See Notes 1 and 2 to the financial statements included in this Annual Report. As a result of the divestitures,
all assets and liabilities of the former subsidiaries have been reclassified to discontinued operations on the consolidated balance sheet
for March 31, 2022 and all operations of these companies have been reclassified to discontinued operations and gain on disposal on the
consolidated statements of operations for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 

Prior to the recent divestitures,
the Company s principal subsidiaries consisted of Ecoark, Inc. Ecoark ), a Delaware corporation that was the parent
of Zest Labs, Banner Midstream Corp., a Delaware corporation Banner Midstream and Agora which was assigned the membership
interest in Trend Discovery Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability corporation (all references to Trend Holdings or
 Trend are now synonymous with Agora) from the Company on September 17, 2021 upon its formation, which includes Bitstream
Mining, LLC, the Company s Bitcoin mining subsidiary. 

42 

Recent
Developments 

During
the current fiscal year ending March 31, 2023, the Company engaged in the following transactions: 

On July 25, 2022 the Company sold White River Holdings Corp White River and with it
 its oil and gas production business to White River Energy Corp, formerly Fortium Holdings Corp. WTRV in exchange for
 1,200 shares of WTRV s non-voting Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the WTRV Series A ). Subject to certain
 terms and conditions set forth in the Certificate of Designation of the WTRV Series A, the WTRV Series A will become convertible
 into 42,253,521 shares of WTRV s common stock upon such time as (A) WTRV has filed a Form S-1, with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission (the SEC and such Form S-1 has been declared effective, and (B) BitNile Metaverse elects to
 distribute shares of its common stock to its stockholders. The Form S-1, as amended, is pending SEC Staff review. 

On August 23, 2022 the Company sold Banner Midstream, which consisted of its transportation business to Wolf Energy Services, Inc. (formerly Enviro Technologies US, Inc.) Wolf Energy in exchange for 51,987,832 shares of the Wolf Energy common stock. 

In September 2022, the Company announced a record date of September 30, 2022 for the spin-offs of common stock of Wolf Energy and WTRV to holders of the Company s common stock and preferred stock (on an as-converted basis). 

Agora entered into a Master Services Agreement MSA on December 7, 2022 with Bitnile, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Ault Alliance, Inc. AAI ), whereby BitNile, Inc. agreed
to provide mining equipment which Agora would host at its West Texas location and supply the electricity for the cryptocurrency mining.
The MSA requires Agora to initially provide up to 12MW of electricity at the West Texas site for BitNile Inc. s use. An additional
66MW of power can be made available to BitNile Inc. as well for a total of 78MW. To meet this obligation, the Company is required to raise
at least 5,000,000 to enable the build out of the hosting facility, including the initial 12MW of power within 45 days of the date of
the MSA, which deadline was not met. 

On January 24, 2023, the Company entered into an At-The-Market ATM Issuance Sales Agreement with Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC Ascendiant as sales agent, pursuant
to which the Company may issue and sell from time to time, through Ascendiant, shares of the Company s common stock, with offering
proceeds of up to 3,500,000. In connection with the ATM offering, the Series A holder agreed to reduce its secondary offering of shares
of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A it holds by 3,500,000. The ATM offering has been terminated as of June 16,
2023 because it had achieved its objective of raising capital of approximately 3,500,000. 

On February 8, 2023, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement
(the SEA by and among AAI, the owner of approximately 86 of BitNile.com, Inc. BNC ), and the minority stockholders
of BitNile.com (the Minority Shareholders ). Pursuant to thehe SEA, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein,
the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of BitNile.com as well as the common stock of Earnity, Inc. beneficially
owned by BNC (which represents approximately 19.9 of the outstanding common stock of Earnity, Inc. as of the date of the SEA), in exchange
for the following: (i) 8,637.5 shares of newly designated Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company to be issued to Ault (the
 Series B ), and (ii) 1,362.5 shares of newly designated Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company to be issued
to the Minority Shareholders (the Series C, and together with the Series B, the Preferred Stock ). The Series
B and the Series C, the terms of which are summarized in more detail below, each have a stated value of 10,000 per share (the Stated
Value ), for a combined stated value of 100,000,000, and subject to adjustment are convertible into a total of up to 13,333,333
shares of the Company s common stock, which represent approximately 92.4 of the Company outstanding common stock on a fully-diluted
basis. The Company has independently valued the Series B and Series C as of the date of acquisition. The combined value of the shares
issued to AAI was 53,913,000 using a blended fair value of the discounted cash flow method and option pricing method. See Note 3 for the details on the asset acquisition and Note 17 for details on
the Series B and C Preferred Stock. 

The terms
 of the Series B and Series C as set forth in the Certificates of Designations of the Rights, Preferences and Limitations of each
 such series of Preferred Stock (each, a Certificate, and together the Certificates are essentially
 identical except the Series B is super voting and must approve any modification of various negative covenants and certain other
 corporate actions as more particularly described below. 

Pursuant to the Series B Certificate, each share of Series B is convertible
into a number of shares of the Company s common stock determined by dividing the Stated Value by 7.50, or 1,333 shares of common
stock, subject to Nasdaq and shareholder approval. The conversion price is subject to certain adjustments, including potential downward
adjustment if the Company closes a qualified financing resulting in at least 25,000,000 in gross proceeds at a price per share that is
lower than the conversion price. The Series B holders are entitled to receive dividends at a rate of 5 of the Stated Value per annum
from issuance until February 7, 2033 (the Dividend Term ). During the first two years of the Dividend Term, dividends will
be payable in additional shares of Series B rather than cash, and thereafter dividends will be payable in either additional shares of
Series B or cash as each holder may elect. If the Company fails to make a dividend payment as required by the Series B Certificate, the
dividend rate will be increased to 12 for as long as such default remains ongoing and uncured. Each share of Series B also has an 11,000
liquidation preference in the event of a liquidation, change of control event, dissolution or winding up of the Company, and ranks senior
to all other capital stock of the Company with respect thereto other than the Series C with which the Series B shares equal ranking. Each
share of Series B is entitled to vote with the Company s common stock at a rate of 300 votes per share of common stock into which
the Series B is convertible. 

43 

In addition,
 for as long as at least 25 of the shares of Series B remain outstanding, AAI (and any transferees) must consent rights with
 respect to certain corporate events, including reclassifications, fundamental transactions, stock redemptions or repurchases,
 increases in the number of directors, and declarations or payment of dividends, and further the Company is subject to certain
 negative covenants, including covenants against issuing additional shares of capital stock or derivative securities, incurring
 indebtedness, engaging in related party transactions, selling of properties having a value of over 50,000, altering the number of
 directors, and discontinuing the business of any subsidiary, subject to certain exceptions and limitations. 

On April 27, 2023, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA with
 certain accredited investors (the Investors providing for the issuance of (i) Senior Secured Convertible Notes
 (individually, a Note and collectively, the Notes with an aggregate principal face amount of
 6,875,000, which Notes are convertible into shares of our common stock (the Conversion Shares and (ii) five-year
 warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,100,905 shares of common stock. The maturity date of the Notes is April 27, 2024. 

Pursuant to the SPA, we and certain of our subsidiaries and Arena Investors, LP, as the collateral
 agent on behalf of the Investors (the Agent entered into a security agreement (the Security Agreement ),
 pursuant to which we (i) pledged the equity interests in our subsidiaries and (ii) granted to the Investors a security interest in,
 among other items, all of our deposit accounts, securities accounts, chattel paper, documents, equipment, general intangibles,
 instruments and inventory, and all proceeds therefrom (the Assets ). In addition, pursuant to the Security Agreement,
 the subsidiaries granted to the Investors a security interest in its Assets and, pursuant to a subsidiary guarantees, jointly and
 severally agreed to guarantee and act as surety for our obligation to repay the Notes and other obligations under the SPA, the Notes
 and Security Agreement (collectively, the Loan Agreements ). 

The Notes have a principal face amount of 6,875,000 and bear no interest (unless an event of
 default occurs) as they were issued with an original issuance discount of 1,375,000. The maturity date of the Notes is April 27,
 2024. The Notes are convertible, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations, into Conversion Shares at a price per share
 equal to the lower of (i) 3.273 or (ii) the greater of (A) 0.504 and (B) 85 of the lowest volume weighted average price of our
 common stock during the ten (10) trading days prior to the date of conversion (the Conversion Price ). The Conversion
 Price is subject to adjustment in the event of an issuance of common stock at a price per share lower than the Conversion Price then
 in effect, as well as upon customary stock splits, stock dividends, combinations or similar events. 

44 

The terms, rights, preferences and limitations of the Series C are substantially the same as those of the Series B, except that the Series B holds certain additional negative covenant and consent rights, and Series C holders vote with the Company s common stock on an as-converted basis, subject to Nasdaq and shareholder approval. The Company is required to maintain a reserve of authorized and unissued shares of common stock equal to 200 of the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, which is initially 26,666,667 shares. 

Pending shareholder approval of the transaction, the Series B and the Series C combined are subject to a 19.9 beneficial ownership limitation. That limitation includes shares of Series A issued to Ault Lending on June 8, 2022 and any common stock held by Ault Lending. Certain other rights are subject to shareholder approval as described below. The SEA provides that the Company will seek shareholder approval following the closing, which occurred March 6, 2023. The entire transaction is subject to compliance with Nasdaq Rules and the Series B and Series C Certificates each contain a savings clause that nothing shall violate such Rules. Nasdaq may nonetheless disregard the savings clause. 

Under the SEA, effective at the closing AAI is entitled to appoint three of the Company s directors, and following receipt of approval from the Company s shareholders, a majority of the Company s directors. To date, AAI has only sought, and received, the appointment of one individual as a director. The SEA also provides the holders of Preferred Stock with most favored nations rights in the event the Company offers securities with more favorable terms than the Preferred Stock for as long as the Preferred Stock remains outstanding. Under the SEA, while any Preferred Stock is outstanding, the Company is prohibited from redeeming or declaring or paying dividends on outstanding securities other than the Preferred Stock. Further, the SEA prohibits the Company from issuing or amending securities at a price per share below the conversion price of the Preferred Stock, or to engage in variable rate transactions, for a period of 12 months following the closing. 

The SEA further provides that following the closing the Company will prepare and distribute a proxy statement and hold a meeting of its stockholders to approve each of the following: (i) the SEA and the transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) a ratification of the Third Certificate Designations of Rights, Preferences, and Limitations of the Series A, (iii) a reverse stock split with a range of between 1-for 2 and 1-for-20 (which rations may be amended), (iv) a change in the Company s name to BitNile Metaverse, Inc., (v) an increase of the Company s authorized common stock to 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock; and (vi) any other proposals to which the Parties shall mutually agree. In addition, pursuant to the SEA the Company agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to effect its previously announce spin-offs of the common stock of Wolf Energy and White River held by or issuable to the Company, use its best efforts to complete one or more financings resulting in total gross proceeds of 100,000,000 on terms acceptable to AAI, and financially support the ongoing Zest Labs litigation. The holders of the Series B and Series C will not participate in the aforementioned spin-offs and distribution. In connection with the SEA, the Company and AAI also agreed that the net litigation proceeds from the Zest Labs litigation that was ongoing as of November 15, 2022 would be held in a trust for the benefit of the Company s stockholders of record as of such date. 

In connection with the SEA, the Company also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with AAI and the Minority Shareholders pursuant to which the Company agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-3 or Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC registering the resale by the holders of the Preferred Stock and/or the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, to be initially filed within 15 days of the closing, and to use its best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective by the SEC within 45 days thereafter, subject to certain exceptions and limitations. 

The SEA contains certain representations and warranties made by each of the Company, AAI and the Minority Shareholders. Since the closing, BNC has continued as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, BNC s principal business entails the development and operation of a metaverse platform, the beta for which launched on March 1, 2023. This transaction closed on March 7, 2023. 

On March 15, 2023, following approval of the Board of Directors in accordance with Nevada law, the Company filed Articles of Merger with the Nevada Secretary of State, thereby merging a newly-formed shell corporation into the Company which was the surviving corporation. As permitted by Nevada law, pursuant to the merger the Company s name was changed to BitNile Metaverse, Inc. The name change, which was effective immediately, was made in connection with the Company s previously disclosed acquisition of BNC. 

45 

The Company s goal
is to spin-off all of the Wolf Energy common stock and WTRV common stock to the
Company s shareholders in calendar year 2023, although because of regulatory delays or other reasons we may not meet that deadline.

Future Spin-Offs 

As described in this
Annual Report, BitNile Metaverse s goal is to spin-off its common stock of White River and Wolf Energy. While the Company previously
planned on spinning off Zest Labs common stock through the filing of a Form 10 with the Securities Exchange Commission, the Company decided
not to proceed with that spin-off. Due to market conditions, the Company decided it was inadvisable to seek to raise capital for Zest
Labs, which it needed to operate as a stand-alone public company. To protect the Company s shareholders, it granted its shareholder
of record as of September 30, 2022 the right to receive 95 of any the potential net proceeds realized from either the Zest Labs litigation
with Walmart and Deloitte, which is described under Note 15 t o the financial statements contained
in this Annual Report. That right is part of the Zest Labs certificate of incorporation. Under the SEA, the Series B and Series C preferred
shareholders agreed that they will not participate in any of these distributions if the transaction closes. The Company currently plans
to transfer all of the common stock of Zest Labs Inc. into a limited liability company, of which any net proceeds from the sale or licensing
of Zest intellectual property or the aforementioned potential net proceeds from Zest litigation would be distributed to the Company s
shareholders of record as of November 15, 2022. 

Following
the above transactions, the Company s only remaining subsidiaries are Agora, which ceased mining Bitcoin but is now exploring operating
as a hosting company for Bitcoin mining ventures, and Zest Labs which holds technology and related intellectual property rights for fresh
food solutions and is not operating due to ongoing litigation involving its technology an intellectual property. 

Segment
Reporting for the Year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022: 

As
a result of the sales of White River and Banner Midstream, and the immaterial nature of the operations of Zest Labs, the Company no longer
segregates its operations as most of the continuing operations are related to Agora. 

Key
Trends 

Impact
of Inflation 

In
2022 and continuing into 2023, there has been a sharp rise in inflation in the U.S. and globally. Given our limited operations, the most
significant future impact will be on employee salaries and benefits and electricity costs. 

Impact
of COVID-19 

COVID-19
may continue to affect the economy and our business, depending on the vaccine rollouts and the emergence of virus mutations as well as
the impact of supply chain disruptions. 

COVID-19
did not have a material effect on the Consolidated Statements of Operations or the Consolidated Balance Sheets for the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2023 and 2022 included in this Report. 

COVID-19
has been a contributing factor in supply and labor shortages which have been pervasive in many industries. The extent to which a future
COVID-19 outbreak, and other adverse developments may impact on the Company s results will depend on future developments that are
highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

Results
of Operations for Continuing Operations for the Year Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 

The discussion of our
results of operations should be evaluated considering that our primary subsidiaries were sold in the year ended March 31, 2023 and their
results of operations are now treated as discontinued operations. Accordingly, period to period comparisons may not be meaningful. 

Revenues 

The Company had no revenue
in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 FY 2023 and had 27,182 in 2022 FY 2022 as it had just recently
commenced Bitcoin mining operations. Agora has recently focused on becoming a hosting company as reflected below. To that end, Agora entered
into the MSA with BitNile, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of AAI described above, whereby Agora agreed to host BitNile, Inc. s
cryptocurrency mining equipment at Agora s West Texas location and supply the electricity for the cryptocurrency mining. 

The
Company s Bitcoin operations began in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022 and ceased on March 3, 2022 due to the low price of
Bitcoin and the inability of Agora to timely complete its initial public offering which created a working capital issue. The Company
intends to refocus Agora to operating as a hosting company providing infrastructure and energy to cryptocurrency mining enterprises assuming
the Company can raise the necessary capital. Unless and until we are successful in generating revenue for Agora or acquire another operating. 

46 

The Company s metaverse
operations via BNC are nascent and only launched in March 2023, so no revenues were realized from those operations from the time of the
completion of the acquisition on March 6, 2023, through fiscal year-end on March 31, 2023. 

Cost
of Revenues and Gross Profit 

Cost
of revenues for FY 2023 were 263,954 as compared to 183,590 for FY 2022. We expect the cost of revenues to increase once we have commenced
Agora s hosting operations. 

Operating
Expenses 

Total
operating expenses were 27,981,218 for FY 2023 compared to 15,871,208 for FY 2022. The increase from the prior year was primarily related
to higher salaries and salaries related costs of 12,105,003 in FY 2023 compared to 9,092,412 in FY 2022 related to higher stock-based
compensation in FY 2023 compared to FY 2022, an increase in bad debt expense of 4,418,229 in FY 2023 compared to zero in FY 2022 due
to establishing a full reserve of the principal and interest receivable of the Trend Ventures Note, higher SG A costs of 2,636,454
compared to FY 2022 primarily related to development costs at Agora, and higher depreciation, amortization and impairment expenses of
 1,773,120 in FY 2023 compared to 347,306 in FY 2022 due to impairment of fixed assets of 1,655,969 at Agora. 

Other
Income (Expense) 

Total other expense was 29,289,682) in FY 2023 compared to total
other income of 14,805,382 in FY 2022, almost all of which was non-cash. Change in fair value of derivative liabilities for FY 2023 was
a non-cash gain of 4,312,366 compared to a non-cash gain of 15,386,301 in FY 2022. This variance was related to the changes in our stock
price. A change in the fair value of the preferred stock derivative liability for FY 2023 was a gain of 28,611,760 and a gain of 14,365,276
related to the preferred stock derivative liability at inception was offset by a decrease in the fair value of the investment in White
River Energy Corp of 20,775,215) and a loss on acquisition of Bitnile.com of 54,484,279), and interest expense, net of 744,895).
Interest expense, net was 580,919) in FY 2022. 

Net
Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations 

Net loss from continuing operations for FY 2023 was 57,534,854) as
compared to net loss from continuing operations of 1,222,234) for FY 2022. The increased loss was primarily due to the loss on acquisition
of Bitnile.com, the change in the fair value of the investment in White River Energy Corp, and the increase in operating expenses as noted
above offset by the change in the fair value of the derivative liability and the change in the preferred stock derivative liability arising
from the decrease in the Company s Common Stock price. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Liquidity
is the ability of a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate
on an ongoing basis. Significant factors in the management of liquidity are revenue generated from operations, levels of accounts receivable
and accounts payable and capital expenditures. 

Net
cash used in operating activities was (14,288,177) for FY 2023, as compared to (17,633,186) for FY 2022. Cash used in operating activities
for FY 2023 was primarily caused by the net loss, change in fair value of preferred stock derivative liabilities, and derivative income,
offset by loss on acquisition of Bitnile.com, change in value of investment in White River Energy Corp, increases in common shares issued
for services, increased bad debt expense and losses on disposal of former subsidiaries without similar amounts in FY 2022 as well as
changes in accounts payable and accrued expenses from FY 2022 to FY 2023. 

Net
cash provided by investing activities was 122,666 for FY 2023 compared to 617,644 for FY 2022. Net cash provided by investing activities
in FY 2023 were comprised of proceeds received from the refund of the power development costs partially offset by purchases of fixed
assets and discontinued operations, and the amounts provided FY 2022 related to discontinued operations offset by the purchase of fixed
assets and power development costs as we commenced operations in Agora. 

47 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for FY 2023 was 14,147,282 which comprised primarily of proceeds from our June 2022 sale of the
Ecoark Holdings Series A, Commitment Shares described elsewhere in this Report. This compared with FY 2022 net cash provided by financing
activities of 16,290,804 comprised primarily of the sale of our common stock in a registered direct offering. 

As of July 10, 2023, the Company
has 3,492 in c ash and cash equivalents. The Company believes that the current cash on hand is not sufficient to conduct planned
operations for one year from the issuance of the consolidated financial statements and needs to raise capital to support their operations. 

To
date we have financed our operations through sales of common stock, convertible preferred stock and other derivative securities and the
issuance of debt. We may also issue common stock, preferred stock or other securities in connection with any business acquisition we
undertake in the future following our planned spin-offs. Presently we may not raise capital without the consent of the Purchaser. 

We will require additional
financing to enable us to proceeds with our plan of operations. These cash requirements are more than our current cash and working capital
resources. Accordingly, we will require additional financing to continue operations and to repay our liabilities. There is no assurance
that any party will advance additional funds to us to enable us to sustain our plan of operations or to repay our liabilities. 

We anticipate continuing
to rely on equity sales of our common stock to continue to fund our business operations, issuances of additional shares will result in
dilution to our existing stockholders. There is no assurance that we will achieve any additional sales of our equity securities or arrange
for debt or other financing to fund our planned business activities. 

If we are unable to raise the funds that we require to execute our
plan of operation, we intend to scale back our operations commensurately with the funds available to us. 

On January 24, 2023,
the Company entered an ATM Agreement with Ascendiant as sales agent, which contemplates sales of shares of our common stock in a registered
 at-the-market offering for offering proceeds of up to 3,500,000. 

The
Company s financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States U.S. GAAP applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business.
The Company sold its interests in Banner Midstream in two separate transactions on July 25, 2022 and September 7, 2022. In addition, it
sold the non-core business of Trend Discovery on June 17, 2022. The Company expects to distribute the common stock it received (or issuable
upon conversion of preferred stock) in the sales to its shareholders upon the effective registration statements for the two entities the
companies were sold to. See Note 17, Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock for information on the Company s
recent 12 million convertible preferred stock financing. That financing has restrictive covenants that require approval of the investor
for the Company to engage in any equity or debt financing. The Company believes that the current cash on hand is not sufficient to conduct
planned operations for 12 months from the issuance of the consolidated financial statements and may need to raise capital to support their
operations. While the Company entered into the MSA with Ault which if the hosting arrangement is established would provide a source of
revenue, as of the date of this Report the Company has not yet met its obligations under the MSA, including raising at least 5,000,000
to establish the initial infrastructure and power for the hosting arrangement . Further, with the acquisition of BNC, we expect
to require substantial additional capital to further develop its metaverse platform and launch revenue-generating operations therefrom,
and no assurance can be given that we will be able to close that acquisition or that if we are we will be able to leverage the BNC business
as needed to generate material revenue or raise the necessary capital. See Risk Factors included in this Annual Report. 

The
accompanying financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as
a going concern, but the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital
to fund operating losses until it establishes continued revenue streams and becomes profitable. Management s plans to continue
as a going concern include raising additional capital through sales of equity securities and borrowing. However, management cannot provide
any assurances that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. If the Company is not able to obtain the necessary
additional financing on a timely basis, the Company will be required to delay, reduce or perhaps even cease the operation of its business.
The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully secure other sources of financing
and attain profitable operations. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary
if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

48 

2018
Line of Credit 

On
December 28, 2018, the Company entered into a 10,000,000 credit facility that includes a loan and security agreement (the Agreement where the lender agreed to make one or more loans to the Company, and the Company may make a request for a loan or loans from the lender,
subject to the terms and conditions. In the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company borrowed 505,181, which includes 17,681 in commitment
fees, with the balance of 487,500 being deposited directly into the Company and repaid 810,000 in the year ended March 31, 2023. Interest
incurred for the year ended March 31, 2023 was 59,499, and accrued as of March 31, 2023 was 61,722. With the sale of Trend Holdings,
we can no longer access this line of credit. 

2023 Convertible Notes 

On April 27, 2023, we entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the SPA with certain accredited investors (the Investors providing for the issuance
of (i) Senior Secured Convertible Notes (individually, a Note and collectively, the Notes with an aggregate
principal face amount of 6,875,000, which Notes are convertible into shares of our common stock (the Conversion Shares 
and (ii) five-year warrants to purchase an aggregate of 2,100,905 shares of common stock. The maturity date of the Notes is April 27,
2024. 

Pursuant to the SPA, we and certain of our subsidiaries
and Arena Investors, LP, as the collateral agent on behalf of the Investors (the Agent entered into a security agreement
(the Security Agreement ), pursuant to which we (i) pledged the equity interests in our subsidiaries and (ii) granted to
the Investors a security interest in, among other items, all of our deposit accounts, securities accounts, chattel paper, documents, equipment,
general intangibles, instruments and inventory, and all proceeds therefrom (the Assets ). In addition, pursuant to the Security
Agreement, the subsidiaries granted to the Investors a security interest in its Assets and, pursuant to a subsidiary guarantees, jointly
and severally agreed to guarantee and act as surety for our obligation to repay the Notes and other obligations under the SPA, the Notes
and Security Agreement (collectively, the Loan Agreements ). 

The Notes have a principal face amount of 6,875,000
and bear no interest (unless an event of default occurs) as they were issued with an original issuance discount of 1,375,000. The maturity
date of the Notes is April 27, 2024. The Notes are convertible, subject to certain beneficial ownership limitations, into Conversion Shares
at a price per share equal to the lower of (i) 3.273 or (ii) the greater of (A) 0.504 and (B) 85 of the lowest volume weighted average
price of our common stock during the ten (10) trading days prior to the date of conversion (the Conversion Price ). The Conversion
Price is subject to adjustment in the event of an issuance of common stock at a price per share lower than the Conversion Price then in
effect, as well as upon customary stock splits, stock dividends, combinations or similar events. 

Critical
Accounting Policies, Estimates and Assumptions 

The
critical accounting policies listed below are those the Company deems most important to its operations. 

Use
of Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the consolidated financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates include,
but are not limited to, management s estimate of provisions required for uncollectible accounts receivable, fair value of assets
held for sale and assets and liabilities acquired, impaired value of equipment and intangible assets, estimates of discount rates in lease,
liabilities to accrue, fair value of derivative liabilities associated with warrants, cost incurred in the satisfaction of performance
obligations, permanent and temporary differences related to income taxes and determination of the fair value of stock awards. 

Actual
results could differ from those estimates. 

49 

Revenue
Recognition 

The Company recognizes
revenue under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606 ), Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The core principle
of the revenue standard is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in
an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The following
five steps are applied to achieve that core principle: 

Step
1: Identify the contract with the customer 

Step
2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract 

Step
3: Determine the transaction price 

Step
4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract 

Step
5: Recognize revenue when the Company satisfies a performance obligation 

In
order to identify the performance obligations in a contract with a customer, a company must assess the promised goods or services in
the contract and identify each promised good or service that is distinct. A performance obligation meets ASC 606 s definition
of a distinct good or service (or bundle of goods or services) if both of the following criteria are met: The customer
can benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other resources that are readily available to the customer (i.e.,
the good or service is capable of being distinct), and the entity s promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is
separately identifiable from other promises in the contract (i.e., the promise to transfer the good or service is distinct within the
context of the contract). 

If
a good or service is not distinct, the good or service is combined with other promised goods or services until a bundle of goods or services
is identified that is distinct. 

The
transaction price is the amount of consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods
or services to a customer. The consideration promised in a contract with a customer may include fixed amounts, variable amounts, or both.
When determining the transaction price, an entity must consider the effects of all of the following: 

Variable consideration 

Constraining estimates of variable consideration 

The existence of a significant financing component
 in the contract 

Noncash consideration 

Consideration payable to a customer 

Variable
consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of
cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved. 

50 

The
transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation on a relative standalone selling price basis. The standalone selling price
is the price at which the Company would sell a promised service separately to a customer. The relative selling price for each performance
obligation is estimated using observable objective evidence if it is available. If observable objective evidence is not available, the
Company uses its best estimate of the selling price for the promised service. In instances where the Company does not sell a service
separately, establishing standalone selling price requires significant judgment. The Company estimates the standalone selling price by
considering available information, prioritizing observable inputs such as historical sales, internally approved pricing guidelines and
objectives, and the underlying cost of delivering the performance obligation. The transaction price allocated to each performance obligation
is recognized when that performance obligation is satisfied, at a point in time or over time as appropriate. 

Management
judgment is required when determining the following: when variable consideration is no longer probable of significant reversal (and hence
can be included in revenue); whether certain revenue should be presented gross or net of certain related costs; when a promised service
transfers to the customer; and the applicable method of measuring progress for services transferred to the customer over time. Although,
Agora since March 3, 2022, has not recognized revenue from its mining operations, prior to this time, it recognized revenue upon satisfaction
of its performance obligation over time in accordance with ASC 606-10-25-27 for its contracts with mining pool operators. 

The
Company accounts for incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer and contract fulfillment costs in accordance with ASC
340-40, Other Assets and Deferred Costs . These costs should be capitalized and amortized as the performance obligation is
satisfied if certain criteria are met. The Company elected the practical expedient, to recognize the incremental costs of obtaining a
contract as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the asset that would otherwise have been recognized is one year or
less, and expenses certain costs to obtain contracts when applicable. The Company recognizes an asset from the costs to fulfill a contract
only if the costs relate directly to a contract, the costs generate or enhance resources that will be used in satisfying a performance
obligation in the future and the costs are expected to be recovered. The Company recognizes the cost of sales of a contract as expense
when incurred or when a performance obligation is satisfied. The incremental costs of obtaining a contract are capitalized unless the
costs would have been incurred regardless of whether the contract was obtained, are not considered recoverable, or the practical expedient
applies. 

Hosting
Revenues 

Agora
effective in September 2022 began efforts to generate revenue via hosting agreements. Agora entered into a MSA on December 7, 2022 with
Ault, whereby Ault agreed to provide mining equipment which Agora would host at its West Texas location and supply the electricity for
the cryptocurrency mining. 

When
Agora generates hosting revenues, it will follow ASC 606 as outlined above and recognize revenue upon the completion of the performance
obligations as stipulated under the MSA. 

Gaming Revenue 

The authoritative guidance on revenue recognition
for gaming revenue is ASC 606. The objectives of ASC 606 are to establish the principles that an entity shall apply to report useful information
to users of the financial statements about the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from a contract
with a customer. We determined this would not be subject to ASC 985-605 because the customers cannot take possession of the online games.
That is, this type of arrangement would not be accounted for as a transfer of a software license. 

Depending on the circumstances, the guidance may
be applied on a contract-by-contract basis, or the practical expedient described in ASC 606-10-10-4 of using the portfolio approach may
be followed. 

The portfolio approach allows an entity to apply
the guidance to a portfolio of contracts with similar characteristics so long as the result would not differ materially from the result
of applying the guidance to individual contracts. We have determined that the use of the portfolio approach is the most appropriate for
our contracts as the terms of service TOS and related promises or obligations are identical for all customers/gamers. 

There were no revenues recognized for gaming during
the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

51 

Step 1: Identify the Contract with the Customer 

STEP 1 of the revenue recognition model requires
that we identify the contract(s) with a customer. This section discusses the steps to determine whether a contract exists and specific
considerations that may impact that determination. 

Per ASC 606-10-25-1, the five criteria for identifying
a contract are as follows: 

1. 
 The parties have approved the contract and are committed to perform. 

a. 
 Our contracts consist of TOS for the sale of coins to gamers 

2. 
 Each party s rights are identifiable: 

a. 
 Rights are identifiable in contracts with customers and are documented within our Terms of Service 

3. 
 Payment terms are identifiable: 

a. 
 Payment terms are identifiable in contracts with the end customer. The consideration from the sale of coins comes from gamers and the payment terms are identified prior to entering into the contract and are listed in our TOS. 

4. 
 The contract has commercial substance: 

a. 
 Generally, an executed sale of coins and related cash flow is evidence of commercial substance. 

5. 
 The collection is probable based on the customer s ability and intent to pay: 

a. 
 We collect the consideration from a reputable third-party transaction processor and is not dependent on their collection from the gamers indicating that it is probable we will collect. 

Step 2: Identify the Performance Obligations 

While there is no explicit promise that we will
provide the Metaverse game play service on a continuous basis, we believe that there is an implicit promise to do so. We considered the
nature of the implied promise and took in to account the following items that we consider to be relevant to our assessment: 

Whether the nature of the implied promise is to provide an enhanced gaming experience through the hosted service over time or to enable the player to consume virtual items immediately 

The period over which the enhanced gaming experience is provided if the benefits are consumed throughout the hosting period (e.g., user life, gaming life). 

The life span over which, or number of times, the virtual good or item may be accessed or used. 

Whether the virtual good or item must be used immediately or can be stored for use later. 

How and over what period the virtual item benefits the customer s gaming experience (e.g., a consumable such as spending coins for game play vs. a durable avatar skin that allows a player to upgrade within the game in such a way that it continues to enhance the game players experience). 

If the benefit of purchasing the virtual item or good on the customers gaming experience is temporary or permanent. 

52 

We have an obligation to provide a playable game
content service to the customer to enable the customer to consume purchased coins within the Metaverse on either additional game play
or in-game digital goods. For the sale of consumable virtual items, the Company recognizes revenue as the items are consumed. 

As the durable goods (upgraded equipment, clothing,
avatars, etc.) are purchased with NC s and then used throughout the remainder of the life of the gamer, we considered if they were
material in the context of the contract and represented a distinct and separate promise or obligation to be recognized over the life of
the gamer. We determined that these goods cannot be beneficial on their own without providing of the full Metaverse service with which
to utilize the goods and therefore concluded that the goods are not distinct as they do not meet both the criteria in ASC 606-10-25-19
through 606-10-25-21. Due to not being a distinct promise or separately identifiable per ASC 606-10-25-21(c), the durable goods should
not be separated from the game play service promise and should be treated as a combined or bundled service with a single performance obligation
in accordance with ASC 606-10-25-22. 

We also considered the awarded SC s that
can be obtained through marketing giveaways, for purchasing a NC package or by the mailing in of a request for SC s. We considered
if the SC s were material in the context of the contract and represented a distinct and separate promise or obligation. The SC s
can be redeemed for cash once a certain minimum has been obtained/won through sweepstakes type games. No contract or obligation exists
until the SC holder has accumulated a minimum amount of won coins (different than gifted coins) through playing sweepstakes games which
is able to be tracked within the system. While not considered material at the individual contract level, we believe the rewards program
as a whole could be significant and would convey a material right to the total rewards for all customers once earned (similar to free 
loyalty points earned by a credit card user) and therefore represents a separate performance obligation. 

Based on our assessment of the different coins
sold above we are able to conclude that there are two separate performance obligations. One to provide playable game content service to
the customer to enable the customer to consume purchased coins within the Metaverse on either additional game play or in-game digital
goods and the second is to redeem players cash redemptions of SC s once qualified. 

Step 3: Determine the transaction price 

The transaction price depends on the coin package
selected and is established by the Company s management and stated in the contract with our customer prior to purchase. Any changes
to the price are made prior to a transaction and the updated price is clearly displayed for the customer to see. The gamer indicates their
agreement to this price prior to the purchase of the coin package or would not engage further and wouldn t purchase additional coins.
The coin package transaction prices are noted in the table below: 

Coin Package Orders 
 
 Price 

10k NILE-T 

2 

25k NILE-T / 4 NILE-S 

5 

50k NILE-T / 9 NILE-S 

10 

100k NILE-T / 20 NILE-S 

20 

250k NILE-T / 51 NILE-S 

50 

500k NILE-T / 103 NILE-S 

100 

1.5M NILE-T / 310 NILE-S 

300 

53 

Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the
performance obligations 

The transaction price should be allocated between
the two performance obligations based on their stand-alone selling prices. The NT s transaction prices would be allocated completely
to the first performance obligation while the NC s sales would need to be allocated between the first and second obligations. As
the SC s can t be purchased, the amount allocated to the SC s redemption for cash obligation should be based on management s
best estimates. 

In order to estimate and allocate the transaction
price between the two obligations, we considered the following inputs: 

The sweepstakes games win percentage 

The amount of SC s it will take to qualify for cash redemption (minimum of 50 won coins accumulated) 

The cash value of 1 SC that is available to be redeemed 

The likelihood that the cash redemption option will be exercised (breakage of total outstanding SC s) 

The stand-alone selling price of the NC coin packages that include free SC s 

The percentage of purchased NC s consumed during the period 

We also took into consideration the reward point
allocation example in ASC 606-10-55-353 - 356 as the nature of the obligations and related estimated redemptions are similar in nature. 

Based on that example we determined the allocation
between NC and SC revenue to be calculated considering the following assumptions: 

Total sweeps game win percentage is equal to 4 of all SC s issued 

A minimum of 50 qualifying coins must be accumulated in a players account to be redeemable 

We assume that 90 of won coins were actually redeemed (not assumed, just used in example below as most users consume all their SC s rather than redeem) 

The value of 1 redeemable SC is equal to 1 

We estimate that 99 of purchased NC s are consumed during the period they were purchased 

54 

Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the
entity satisfies a performance obligation 

Step 5 of the revenue recognition model requires
the company to recognize revenue when (or as) it satisfies a performance obligation. 

For the NT and NC coins this is determined by
the estimated consumption of purchased coins by the customer which indicates the performance obligation has been satisfied and revenue
can be recognized at that point in time. We estimate the amount of outstanding purchased NT and NC virtual currency at period end based
on customer behavior, because we are unable to distinguish between the consumption of purchased or free virtual currency. The estimated
amount is based on an analysis of the customers historical play behavior, the timing difference between when virtual currencies
are purchased by a customer and when those virtual currencies are consumed in game play, which historically has been relatively short. 

For the SC s, revenue is recognized when
the Company has satisfied its performance obligation (point in time) relating to the redemption of coins for cash as this can be tracked
and would not need to be estimated. 

We will initially reduce the revenue recognized
for the two obligations for the unredeemed coins by booking a contract liability and then recognize the revenue when we have determined
the NT and NC coins have been abandoned by the player or have expired and for the SC s, when the cash reward has been redeemed. 

Additional considerations 

Principal vs. Agent 

We intend to recognize revenues on a gross basis
because we have control over the pricing, content and functionality of coins and games on our providers platform. We evaluated our current
agreements with our platform providers (Meet Kai) and end-user agreements and based on the preceding, we determined that the Company is
the principal in such arrangements and Meet Kai is the agent in accordance with ASC 606-10-55-37. As the principal, the Company recognizes
revenue in the gross amount and as such, we treat the percentage of sales paid to Meet Kai as an expense. Any future changes in these
arrangements or to our games and related method of distribution may result in a different conclusion. 

Fair
Value Measurements 

ASC
820 Fair Value Measurements defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with
GAAP, and expands disclosure about fair value measurements. ASC 820 classifies these inputs into the following hierarchy: 

Level
1 inputs: Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets. 

Level
2 inputs: Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that
are not active; and model-derived valuations whose inputs are observable or whose significant value drivers are observable. 

Level
3 inputs: Instruments with primarily unobservable value drivers. 

The
carrying values of the Company s financial instruments such as cash, accounts payable, and accrued expenses approximate their respective
fair values because of the short-term nature of those financial instruments. 

55 

Derivative
Financial Instruments 

The
Company does not currently use derivative instruments to hedge exposures to cash flow, market, or foreign currency risks, but may explore
hedging oil prices in the current fiscal year. Management evaluates all of the Company s financial instruments, including warrants,
to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. The Company generally uses
a Black-Scholes model, as applicable, to value the derivative instruments at inception and subsequent valuation dates when needed. The
classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is remeasured
at the end of each reporting period. The Black-Scholes model is used to estimate the fair value of the derivative liabilities. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards 

In
August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No.
2020-06, Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity s Own Equity
(Subtopic 815-40), Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contract s in an Entity s Own Equity. The ASU simplifies accounting
for convertible instruments by removing major separation models required under current GAAP. Consequently, more convertible debt instruments
will be reported as a single liability instrument with no separate accounting for embedded conversion features. The ASU removes certain
settlement conditions that are required for equity contracts to qualify for the derivative scope exception, which will permit more equity
contracts to qualify for it. The ASU simplifies the diluted net income per share calculation in certain areas. 

The
ASU is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 31, 2021, and early adoption is permitted for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2020, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company does not believe this new guidance will have a material
impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

In
May 2021, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued ASU 2021-04 Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications
and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts
in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815- 40) Issuer s Accounting for Certain Modifications or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified
Written Call Options which clarifies and reduces diversity in an issuer s accounting for modifications or exchanges of freestanding
equity-classified written call options (for example, warrants) that remain equity classified after modification or exchange. An entity
should measure the effect of a modification or an exchange of a freestanding equity-classified written call option that remains equity
classified after modification or exchange as follows: i) for a modification or an exchange that is a part of or directly related to a
modification or an exchange of an existing debt instrument or line-of-credit or revolving-debt arrangements (hereinafter, referred to
as a debt or debt instrument ), as the difference between the fair value of the modified or exchanged written
call option and the fair value of that written call option immediately before it is modified or exchanged; ii) for all other modifications
or exchanges, as the excess, if any, of the fair value of the modified or exchanged written call option over the fair value of that written
call option immediately before it is modified or exchanged. The amendments in this Update are effective for all entities for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. An entity should apply the amendments prospectively
to modifications or exchanges occurring on or after the effective date of the amendments. The Company does not believe this new guidance
will have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. 

The
Company does not discuss recent pronouncements that are not anticipated to have an impact on or are unrelated to its financial condition,
results of operations, cash flows or disclosures. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Because we are a smaller reporting company, this
section is not applicable. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The financial statements required by this Item
8 are included in this Annual Report following Item 16 hereof. As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide supplementary
financial information. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not applicable. 

56 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

We are required to maintain disclosure
controls and procedures as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on their evaluation as of the end
of the period covered by this Report, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective to ensure that the information relating to our company, required to be disclosed in our SEC reports
(i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated
and communicated to our management, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure as a result of material weaknesses in our
internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s Report on Internal Control
over Financial Reporting . 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting based on the parameters set forth above and has concluded that as of March 31, 2023, our internal
control over financial reporting was not effective to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles as a result
of the following material weaknesses: 

The Company does not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions. 

Lack of formal review procedures including multiple level of review over accounting financial reporting process due to the small size of its accounting staff. 

The Company does not have sufficient written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. 

The Company s financial reporting is carried out with the assistance of an outside financial consultant. 

We plan to rectify these weaknesses by implementing
written policies and procedures for our internal control of financial reporting, and hiring additional accounting personnel at such time
as we have sufficient financial and human capital resources to do so. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were changes in our internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting as we completed an asset acquisition of BNC. BNC will now be the primary subsidiary that the
operations of the Company are conducted in. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

57 

PART III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth the positions and
offices presently held by each of our current directors and their ages: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Director 
Since 
 
 Randy S. May 
 
 59 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2016 
 
 Gary M. Metzger 
 
 71 
 
 Director 
 
 2016 
 
 Steven K. Nelson 
 
 65 
 
 Lead Director 
 
 2017 
 
 Emily L. Pataki 
 
 39 
 
 Director 
 
 2021 
 
 Henry Nisser 
 
 54 
 
 Director 
 
 2023 

Messrs. May and Metzger served on the Board of Directors
of Ecoark, Inc. from 2011 and 2013, respectively, until it effected a reverse merger acquisition of the Company, which was formerly known
as Magnolia Solar Corporation on March 24, 2016. Messrs. May and Metzger again joined the Board effective on April 11, 2016. 

Randy S. May. Mr. May has served
as Chairman of the Board since April 11, 2016 and served as Chief Executive Officer of the Company from April 13, 2016 through March 28,
2017, and then again from September 21, 2017, to the present. Mr. May also serves as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of
White River Energy Corp. Mr. May has also served as the Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Agora, an approximately 90 owned
subsidiary of the Company, since September 2021. He previously served as Chairman of the Board of Directors and as Chief Executive Officer
of Ecoark, Inc. from its incorporation until its reverse acquisition with Magnolia Solar Corporation in March 2016. Mr. May is a
25-year retail and supply-chain veteran with experience in marketing, operational and executive roles. Prior to joining the
Company, Mr. May held a number of roles with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Walmart ). From 1998 to 2004, Mr. May
served as Divisional Manager for half the United States for one of Walmart s specialty divisions, where he was responsible for all
aspects of strategic planning, finance, and operations for more than 1,800 stores. Mr. May s qualifications and background
that qualify him to serve on the Board include his strong managerial and leadership experience, his extensive knowledge of strategic planning,
finance and operations, as well his ability to guide the Company. 

Gary M. Metzger. Mr. Metzger has been
serving on the Board since March 24, 2016 and served on the Board of Directors of Ecoark, Inc. from 2013 until its reverse merger with
Magnolia Solar Corporation in March 2016. Mr. Metzger has 40 years of product development, strategic planning, management, business development
and operational expertise. He served as an executive at Amco International, Inc. and Amco Plastics Materials, Inc. Amco ),
where in 1986 he was named President and served in such role for 24 years until Amco was sold to global resin distribution company, Ravago
Americas, in December 2011, where he remains a product developer and product manager. Mr. Metzger was also a co-owner of Amco. In addition
to his leadership functions, Mr. Metzger spearheaded research and development for recycled polymers, new alloy and bio-based polymer development,
and introduced fragrance into polymer applications. He also developed encrypted item level bar code identification technology, anti-counterfeiting
technologies and antimicrobial technologies. The Company believes that Mr. Metzger s leadership and knowledge of manufacturing companies,
product development, strategic planning, management and business development are an asset to the Board. Taken together, these are among
the many qualifications and the significant experience that have led to the conclusion that Mr. Metzger is qualified to serve on the Board. 

Steven K. Nelson. Mr. Nelson has been
serving on the Board and as Chairman of our Audit Committee since April 2017. He was appointed Lead Director in July 2022. Mr. Nelson
has also served as a director of Agora since October 2021. From 2015 to 2023, Mr. Nelson was a lecturer for the Department of Accounting
at the University of Central Arkansas. Mr. Nelson is licensed as a Certified Public Accountant CPA in the State of Arkansas.
Mr. Nelson s 35-year career as a CPA, his academic expertise, and his experience on our Board qualifies him to serve on the Board
and its Audit Committee. His broad experience uniquely qualifies Mr. Nelson as an SEC Audit Committee Financial Expert. 

Emily L. Pataki. Ms. Pataki has been
serving on the Board since November 12, 2021. Since 2016, Ms. Pataki has been self-employed as a consultant assisting clients with aerospace,
defense and corporate strategy. Since 2014, she has also served on the Board of Directors and in various officer roles at Pedernales Electric
Cooperative, an energy utility cooperative in Texas, and on the Board of Directors of Atec, Inc. an aerospace firm also located in Texas.
The Company believes Ms. Pataki s corporate and consulting experience and knowledge of the energy industry are an asset to the Board. 

58 

Henry Nisser. Mr. Nisser has served
as a member of our Board since March 7, 2023, upon which date he also became our President and General Counsel. Mr. Nisser has served
as a member of the Board of Ault Alliance, Inc. AAI since September 17, 2020 and he was appointed as its Executive Vice
President and General counsel on May 1, 2019. On January 19, 2021, Mr. Nisser resigned as Executive Vice President and was appointed as
AAI s President. Mr. Nisser has served on the board of directors of SMC, a Nasdaq listed company that is the worldwide leader in
consumer karaoke products, since April 2023. Mr. Nisser is the Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Avalanche International,
Corp., a voluntary filer under the Exchange Act. Mr. Nisser has served as the President, General Counsel and on the board
of directors of ADTC, an NYSE listed SPAC, since its incorporation in February 2021. Mr. Nisser has served on the board of directors of
Alzamend Neuro, Inc., a biotechnology firm dedicated to finding the treatment, prevention and cure for Alzheimer s Disease, since
September 1, 2020 and has served as its Executive Vice President and General Counsel since May 1, 2019. From October 31, 2011 through
April 26, 2019, Mr. Nisser was an associate and subsequently a partner with Sichenzia Ross Ference LLP SRF ), a law firm
based in New York City. While with SRF, his practice was concentrated in national and international corporate law, with a particular focus
on U.S. securities compliance, public as well as private M A, equity and debt financings and corporate governance. Mr. Nisser drafted
and negotiated a variety of agreements related to reorganizations, share and asset purchases, indentures, public and private offerings,
tender offers and going private transactions. Mr. Nisser also represented clients special committees established to evaluate M A
transactions and advised such committees members with respect to their fiduciary duties. Mr. Nisser is fluent in French and Swedish
as well as conversant in Italian. Mr. Nisser received his B.A. from Connecticut College in 1992, where he majored in International Relations
and Economics. He received his LLB from the University of Buckingham School of Law in 1999. We believe that Mr. Nisser s extensive
legal experience involving complex transactions and comprehensive knowledge of securities laws and corporate governance requirements applicable
to listed companies give him the qualifications and skills to serve as one of our directors. 

Set forth below is biographical information with
respect to each current executive officer of the Company. Messrs. May and Nisser also serve as directors of the Company. Officers are
elected by the Board to hold office until their successors are elected and qualified. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Positions Held with the Company 
 
 Randy S. May 
 
 59 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company 
 
 Jay Puchir 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and Treasurer of the Company 
 
 Jimmy R. Galla 
 
 56 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer of the Company 
 
 Henry Nisser 
 
 54 
 
 President and General Counsel of the Company 

Randy S. May . See Directors 
above for Mr. May s biographical information. 

Jay Puchir . Mr. Puchir has served as the
Chief Financial Officer of the Company since April 12, 2022, and Secretary / Treasurer of the Company since October 22, 2020. Mr. Puchir
has also served as the Chief Executive Officer and President of Banner Midstream Corp. since its formation in April 2018 through its divestiture
by the Company in August 2022. Mr. Puchir also serves as the Chief Financial Officer of White River Energy Corp. He previously was Chief
Financial Officer of Agora from September 2021 to April 2022. Mr. Puchir served in various roles as an executive at the Company
including Director of Finance from December 2016 to March 2017, Chief Executive Officer from March 2017 to October 2017, Chief Financial
Officer from October 2017 to May 2018 and Chief Accounting Officer from March 2020 to October 2020. He served as Chief Executive
Officer of Banner Energy Services Corp. from November 2019 to August 2020 and as Chairman from February 2020 to August 2020. Mr. Puchir
is a licensed Certified Public Accountant in the State of South Carolina. 

Jimmy R. Galla . Mr. Galla has served as
our Chief Accounting Officer since October 22, 2020. He had previously served as the Company s Director of Financial Reporting since
July 20, 2020, and prior to that he served as an accounting consultant to the Company from January 2017 to March 2020. From October 2017
to July 2020, Mr. Galla served as VP, Financial Accounting Lead Analyst, Deputy Controller Department of Citibank, Inc. 

Henry Nisser . See Directors 
above for Mr. Nisser s biographical information. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among any of
the directors or executive officers. 

Corporate Governance 

Board Committees and Charters 

The Board and its committees meet and act by written
consent from time to time as appropriate. The Board has formed the following standing committees: (i) the Audit Committee, (ii) the Compensation
Committee, and (iii) the Corporate Governance Nominating Committee (the Nominating Committee ). These Committees regularly
report on their activities and actions to the Board. 

Each of our Audit, Compensation, and
Corporate Governance Nominating Committees has a written charter. Each of these committee charters is available through the
 Investor Relations section on our website, which can be found at www.ecoarkusa.com. The information on, or that can be
accessed through, our website is not incorporated into this Proxy Statement. 

59 

Director Independence 

Our Board, in the exercise of its reasonable business
judgment, has determined that each of the Company s three non-employee directors qualifies as an independent director pursuant to
Rule 5605(a)(2) of Nasdaq Listing Rules and applicable SEC rules and regulations. 

Our Board has also determined that Mr. Gary Metzger,
Mr. Steven K. Nelson and Ms. Emily L. Pataki meet the independence requirements under Rule 5605(c)(2) of the Nasdaq Listing Rules and
the heightened independence requirements for Audit Committee members under Rule 10A-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Also, our
Board has determined that Mr. Gary Metzger, Mr. Steven K. Nelson and Ms. Emily L. Pataki are independent under Rule 5605(a) of the Nasdaq
Listing Rules independence standards for Compensation Committee members. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

The following is an overview of each of the
Audit Committee, Corporate Governance Nominating Committee and Compensation Committee of our Board. Each such committee operates
under a written charter; copies of which available on our website at https://www.ecoarkusa.com/investor-relations/. 

Audit Committee 

Management has the primary responsibility for
the financial statements and the reporting process, including the system of internal controls. The Audit Committee reviews the Company s
financial reporting process on behalf of the Board and administers our engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm.
The Audit Committee meets with the independent registered public accounting firm, with and without management present, to discuss the
results of its examinations, the evaluations of our internal controls, and the overall quality of our financial reporting. The Audit Committee
also has responsibility for approving related party transactions. 

Audit Committee Financial Expert 

Our Board has determined that Mr. Steven K. Nelson
is qualified as an Audit Committee Financial Expert, as that term is defined under the rules of the SEC and in compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002. 

Corporate Governance Nominating Committee Nominating Committee 

The responsibilities of the Nominating Committee
include the identification of individuals qualified to become Board members, the selection of nominees to stand for election as directors,
the oversight of the selection and composition of committees of the Board, establishing procedures for the nomination process
including procedures, oversight of possible conflicts of interests involving the Board and its members, developing corporate governance
principles, and the oversight of the evaluations of the Board and management. The Nominating Committee has not established a policy with
regard to the consideration of any candidates recommended by stockholders. If we receive any stockholder recommended nominations, the
Nominating Committee will carefully review the recommendation(s) and consider such recommendation(s) in good faith. 

Compensation Committee 

The function of the Compensation Committee is
to determine the compensation of our executive officers and other compensation matters, including the periodic review of the compensation
strategy of the Company in consultation with the chief executive officer and its effect on the achievement of Company goals. Additionally,
the Compensation Committee is responsible for administering the Company s executive and equity compensation plans, including the
2013 Incentive Stock Option Plan and the 2017 Omnibus Stock Plan, and such other compensation and benefit plans, as it deems appropriate,
subject to the Board s authority to also appoint other committees to administer awards made to non-executive officers. 

Board Diversity 

While we do not have a formal policy on diversity,
our Board and Nominating Committee consider diversity to include the skill set, background, reputation, type and length of business experience
of our Board members as well as a particular nominee s contribution to that mix. Of our five directors, one is female. Although
there are many other factors, our Board seeks individuals with experience in the oil and gas industry or in other industries in which
we operate or legal and accounting skills. 

60 

Board Leadership Structure 

Our Board has determined that its current structure,
with a combined Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles, is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders at this time.
A number of factors support the leadership structure chosen by the Board, including, among others: 

The Chief Executive Officer is intimately involved in the
day-to-day operations of the Company and is best positioned to elevate the most critical business issues for consideration by the Board. 

The Board believes that having the Chief Executive Officer
serve in both capacities allows him to more effectively execute the Company s strategic initiatives and business plans and confront
its challenges. A combined Chairman and Chief Executive Officer structure provides us with decisive and effective leadership with clearer
accountability to our stockholders. The combined role is both counterbalanced and enhanced by the effective oversight and independence
of our Board. The Board believes that the use of regular executive sessions of the non-management directors allows it to maintain effective
oversight of management. 

Our Bylaws provide that the Chairman of the Board
may be elected by a majority vote of the Board of Directors and shall serve until the meeting of the Board following the next annual meeting
of stockholders at which such Chairman is re-elected. The Chairman of the Board shall preside at all meetings. 

Our Corporate Governance Guidelines (the Guidelines provide that a Lead Director selected by the non-management directors shall preside at meetings of the Board at which the Chairman of
the Board is not present. The Guidelines require that the Lead Director shall preside at executive sessions of the non-management directors.
The non-management directors will meet in executive session, no less frequently than quarterly, as determined by the Lead Director, or
when a director makes a request of the Lead Director. Steven K. Nelson currently serves as the Lead Director. The Lead Director serves
as the Company s lead independent director. 

Board Risk Oversight 

Our risk management function is overseen by our
Board. Our management keeps its Board apprised of material risks and provides its directors access to all information necessary for them
to understand and evaluate how these risks interrelate, how they affect us, and how management addresses those risks. Mr. Randy S. May,
as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, works closely with the Board once material risks are identified on how to best
address such risks. If the identified risk poses an actual or potential conflict with management, our independent directors may conduct
the assessment. 

The Board actively interfaces with management
on seeking solutions to any perceived risk. 

Stockholder Communications 

Although we do not have a formal policy regarding
communications with our Board, stockholders may communicate with the Board by writing to the Corporate Secretary of Ecoark Holdings, Inc.
at 303 Pearl Parkway Suite 200, San Antonio, TX 78215. Stockholders who would like their submission directed to a particular member of
the Board may so specify, and the communication will be forwarded, as appropriate. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our
directors, executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of our Common Stock to file initial reports of ownership
and changes in ownership of our Common Stock and other equity securities with the SEC. These individuals are required by the regulations
of the SEC to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on a review of the copies of the forms furnished
to us, and written representations from reporting persons, we believe that all filing requirements applicable to our officers, directors
and 10 beneficial owners were complied with during our fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a Code of Ethics as defined in
Item 406 of Regulation S-K, which code applies to all of our directors and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal
financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, and persons performing similar functions. All directors, officers, and
other employees are expected to be familiar with the Code of Ethics and to adhere to the principles and procedures set forth therein.
The Code of Ethics forms the foundation of a comprehensive program that requires compliance with all corporate policies and procedures
and seeks to foster an open relationship among colleagues that contributes to good business conduct and an abiding belief in the integrity
of our employees. Our policies and procedures cover all areas of professional conduct, including employment policies, conflicts of interest,
intellectual property, and the protection of confidential information, as well as strict adherence to all laws and regulations applicable
to the conduct of our business. 

61 

Directors, officers, and other employees are required
to report any conduct that they believe in good faith to be an actual or apparent violation of the Code of Ethics. The full text of the
Code of Ethics is available on our website at https://www.ecoarkusa.com/company/governance . We intend to satisfy the disclosure
requirements of Form 8-K regarding any amendment to, or a waiver from, any provision of our Code of Ethics by posting such amendment or
waiver on our website. 

Hedging 

Under the Company s Insider Trading Policy,
all officers, directors and employees are prohibited from engaging in hedging transactions. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Except as set forth below, to the best of our
knowledge, during the past ten years, none of the following occurred with respect to a present or former director, executive officer,
or employee: 

been convicted in a criminal proceeding or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic
violations and other minor offenses); 

had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against the business or property of the person, or of any partnership,
corporation or business association of which he was a general partner or executive officer, either at the time of the bankruptcy filing
or within two years prior to that time; 

been subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any
court of competent jurisdiction or federal or state authority, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring, suspending or otherwise
limiting, his involvement in any type of business, securities, futures, commodities, investment, banking, savings and loan, or insurance
activities, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

been found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the SEC or the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended,
or vacated; 

been the subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree,
or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated (not including any settlement of a civil proceeding among private litigants),
relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting
financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent injunction, order of disgorgement
or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal or prohibition order, or any law or regulation
prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; 

or been the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or
vacated, of any self-regulatory organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act), any registered entity (as defined in
Section 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary
authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

Except as set forth in our discussion below in
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, none of our directors or executive officers has been involved in any transactions
with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules
and regulations of the SEC. 

62 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table provides information regarding
the compensation of our named executive officers during the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary )(1) 
 Stock Awards )(2) 
 Total ) 
 
 Randy S. May (3) 
 2023 
 400,000 
 0 
 400,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of the Company; Executive Chairman of Agora 
 2022 
 333,333 
 
 333,333 

Jay Puchir (4) 
 2023 
 270,000 
 0 
 270,000 
 
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company 
 2022 
 238,333 
 625,000 
 863,333 

Jimmy R. Galla (5) 
 2023 
 160,000 
 0 
 160,000 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer of the Company 
 2022 
 160,000 
 0 
 160,000 

(1) 
 We periodically review, and may increase, base salaries in accordance with the Company s normal annual compensation review for each of our Named Executive Officers. 
 
 (2) 
 Amounts reported represent the aggregate grant date fair value of awards granted without regards to forfeitures during the applicable fiscal year, computed in accordance with ASC 718. This amount does not reflect the actual economic value realized by the recipient. See the footnotes to the consolidated financial statements of the Company contained in Item 8 of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 2022 Fiscal Year for information regarding the assumptions underlying the valuation of equity awards. 
 
 (3) 
 Mr. May is the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and has been Executive Chairman of Agora since September 2021. The amounts are itemized as follows: (a) for salary, consists of 400,000 paid or incurred by Ecoark Holdings; and (b) for Stock Awards, consists of an award of Agora restricted stock granted by Agora. 
 
 (4) 
 Mr. Puchir has served as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company since April 12, 2022 and served as the Chief Financial Officer of Agora until April 12, 2022. The amounts are itemized as follows: (a) for salary, consists of 270,000 paid or incurred by Ecoark Holdings; and (b) for Stock Awards, consists of an award of Agora restricted stock granted by Agora. 
 
 (5) 
 Mr. Galla has served as the Chief Accounting Officer of the Company since October 2020 and served as the Company s Director of Financial Reporting from July 2020 to October 2020. 

Named Executive Officer Employment Agreements 

Set forth below are summaries of our Employment
Agreements with each Named Executive Officer. 

Ecoark Holdings Employment Agreements 

Randy S. May 

Mr. May receives an annual salary of 400,000
pursuant to an oral Employment Agreement. 

Jay Puchir 

Mr. Puchir entered into a three-year Employment Agreement with Banner
Midstream which expired in March 2023. Mr. Puchir is currently working day-to-day under the same terms as his previously expired agreement
at the pleasure of the Company s CEO and Board of Directors with no commitment for future periods. He receives an annual base salary
of 280,000 which was increased by the Board from the initial base salary of 180,000. Under his Employment Agreement, Mr. Puchir also
received 50,000 stock options and is entitled to receive an annual bonus of up to 30 of his annual base salary based on based on performance
criteria established by the Board. Mr. Puchir is currently being paid via an oral Employment Agreement under the previous terms of his
Agreement which expired in March 2023. 

Pursuant to Mr. Puchir s Employment Agreement,
in the event of termination by the Company without cause, or resignation for good reason, Mr. Puchir is entitled
to receive an amount of base salary for the longer of (i) the remainder of the applicable term, and (ii) three months, and a lump sum
cash payment equal to six times the applicable percentage of his monthly COBRA premium cost. 

Generally, good reason is defined
as (i) a material reduction of Mr. Puchir s annual base salary (which must be by at least 20 in order to constitute a material
reduction), or (ii) a material breach of the terms of the Employment Agreement by the Company. 

63 

Jimmy R. Galla 

Mr. Galla entered into a four-year Employment
Agreement with the Company which expires in June 2024. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

The following table presents
information concerning equity awards held by our Named Executive Officers as of March 31, 2023: 

Number of Securities Underlying 
 Number of Securities Underlying 
 Option Awards 
 
 Name 
 Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 

Randy S. May 
 1,667 
 
 136.50 
 12/31/2029 
 
 Jay Puchir 
 1,333 
 
 94.50 
 5/5/2029 

1,667 
 
 78.00 
 3/27/2029 
 
 Jim Galla 
 100 
 
 510.00 
 6/20/2030 

Director Compensation Table 

Directors may receive compensation for their services
and reimbursement for their expenses as shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board. Beginning with the quarter ended
December 31, 2021, directors began receiving quarterly cash payments of 12,500 and RSU grants with a value of 12,500 based on the closing
price of our Common Stock on each applicable grant date. Additional cash and RSU grants are granted for servings the chair of a Board
committee. 

The following table sets forth the compensation
earned to our non-employee directors for service during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023. 

Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock Awards )(1) 
 Option Awards )(1) 
 Total ) 

Gary Metzger 
 60,000 
 50,000 
 -- 
 110,000 
 
 Steven K. Nelson 
 70,000 
 50,000 
 -- 
 120,000 
 
 Emily L. Pataki 
 60,000 
 50,000 
 -- 
 110,000 

(1) Amounts reported represent the aggregate grant date fair
value of awards granted without regards to forfeitures granted to the non-employee members of our Board during the 2022 fiscal year,
computed in accordance with ASC 718. This amount does not reflect the actual economic value realized by each director. The Company accrued
equity awards issuable to its independent Directors in FY 2023 but did not issue any awards during the year. 

The table below sets forth the shares of unexercised
options held by each of our non-employee directors outstanding as of March 31, 2023. 

Name 
 Aggregate Number of Option Awards Outstanding at March 31, 2023 
 
 Gary Metzger 
 4,023 
 
 Steven K. Nelson 
 4,023 
 
 Emily L. Pataki 

64 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth the number of shares
of the Company s Common Stock beneficially owned as of the Record Date by (i) those persons known by the Company to be owners of
more than 5 of the Company s outstanding Common Stock, (ii) each director, (iii) each Named Executive Officer (as such term is
defined in Item 402(m)(2) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act), and (iv) the Company s current executive officers and directors
as a group. Unless otherwise specified in the notes to the below table, the address for each person is: c/o Ecoark Holdings, Inc.,
303 Pearl Parkway Suite 200, San Antonio, TX 78215, Attention: Corporate Secretary. 

Beneficial Owner 
 Amount of Beneficial 
 Ownership (1) 
 Percent Beneficially Owned (1) 

Randy S. May (2) 
 19,833 

Gary Metzger (3) 
 36,281 
 1.4 
 
 Steven K. Nelson (4) 
 4,261 

Emily L. Pataki (5) 
 667 

Jay Puchir (6) 
 21,264 

Jimmy R. Galla (7) 
 100 

Henry Nisser 
 0 
 - - - 
 
 All directors and all executive officers as a group (7 persons) (8) 
 96,733 
 3.8 
 
 Ault Alliance, Inc. (9) 
 311,930 
 12.4 

Less than 1 . 

(1) 
 Applicable percentages are based on 2,522,816 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of the Record Date. Beneficial ownership is determined under the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. A person is deemed to be the beneficial owner of securities that can be acquired by such person within 60 days whether upon the exercise of options, warrants or conversion of convertible notes. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table, the Company believes that each of the stockholders named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of Common Stock indicated as beneficially owned by them. This table does not include any unvested stock options except for those vesting within 60 days. 
 
 (2) 
 Mr. May is our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. Includes 1,667 vested stock options. 
 
 (3) 
 Mr. Metzger is a director. Includes 6,667 shares held by Gary Metzger
Irrevocable Trust and 4,023 vested stock options. 
 
 (4) 
 Mr. Nelson is a director. Includes 4,023 vested stock options. 
 
 (5) 
 Ms. Pataki is a director. Represents 667 shares held by Theodore R. Pataki Emily Lederer Pataki JT TEN. 
 
 (6) 
 Mr. Puchir is our Chief Financial Officer. Includes 1,667 vested stock options and 18,264 shares of Common Stock and 1,333 vested stock options held by Atikin Investments LLC, an entity managed by Mr. Puchir. 
 
 (7) 
 Mr. Galla is our Chief Accounting Officer. Includes 100 vested stock options. 
 
 (8) 
 This amount represents beneficial ownership by all directors and all current executive officers of the Company including those who are not Named Executive Officers under the SEC s disclosure rules. Includes 13,289 vested stock options. 
 
 (9) 
 The address is 11411 Southern Highlands Parkway, Suite 240, Las Vegas, NV 89141. Based solely on the information contained in a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on March 6, 2023. 

65 

Equity Compensation Information 

The following table summarizes information about
our equity compensation plans as of March 31, 2023. 

Number of securities 

Number of securities 
 Weighted- 
 remaining available for 

to be issued 
 average 
 future issuance under 

upon exercise 
 exercise price 
 equity compensation plans 

of outstanding options, 
 of outstanding options, 
 (excluding securities 

warrants and rights 
 warrants and rights 
 reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Plan Category 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 

2003 Incentive Stock Plan 
 2,250 
 390.00 
 13,167 
 
 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 12,449 
 229.50 
 4,896 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders (1) 
 28,471 
 164.10 

Total 
 43,170 
 194.73 
 490,614 

(1) Represents non-qualified stock options not granted under
any existing equity compensation plans. 

66 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Set forth below is the description of transactions
since April 1, 2021, to which the Company has been a party in which the amount involved exceeded 120,000 and in which any of our directors,
executive officers, beneficial owners of 5 or more of our Common Stock and certain other related persons had a direct or indirect material
interest, other than compensation arrangements described in this Proxy Statement under Executive Compensation or Director
Compensation. 

On August 5, 2021, the Company granted Peter Mehring,
then a director of the Company and Chief Executive Officer and President of Zest Labs, Inc., 9,075 restricted stock units RSUs in exchange for cancellation of 22,417 previously issued stock options, of which 3,362 remained unvested. The RSUs were granted under
the Ecoark Holdings, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the 2017 Plan ). Each RSU represents a contingent right to receive
one share of the Company s Common Stock. The grant of the RSUs and the cancellation of the Options were approved by the Compensation
Committee of the Board. The RSUs vest in 12 equal quarterly increments with the first vesting date being November 4, 2021. Additionally,
in October 2021 following stockholder approval of an amendment to the 2017 Plan, the Company granted Mr. Mehring an additional 2,133 RSUs
having the same terms as those described above. 

On February 2, 2022, Peter Mehring gave notice
of his intent to resign as an executive officer and director effective on February 11, 2022. Mr. Mehring resigned as a result of his entering
into an Employment Agreement with a leading Internet service company. He also entered into a Consulting Agreement with the Company under
which Mr. Mehring advises Zest Labs, Inc. on matters relating to Zest Lab, Inc. s intellectual property and litigation as well as
provide transition services. The Consulting Agreement has a one-year term, during which time the Company agreed to pay Mr. Mehring 16,667
per month and for his unvested stock awards to continue to vest during the term, and that the expiration date on any stock awards be extended
to February 14, 2023. 

In the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer, Randy May, and Chief Financial Officer, Jay Puchir, advanced a total of 961,000 of which was repaid. These were
short-term advances and no interest was charged as the amounts were outstanding for just a few weeks. 

The Company made periodic loans to Agora to permit
it to begin its Bitcoin mining business. On November 13, 2021, Agora issued the Company a 7.5 million term note which accrues 10 per
annum interest and was due March 31, 2023. The line of credit was established prior to the pending spin-out of Agora. Now that Agora will
remain in BitNile Metaverse, this term note has been cancelled (effective March 31, 2023), and the amounts due from Agora are considered
intercompany advances and are eliminated in the consolidation. 

In the acquisition of Bitnile.com, the Company assumed 4,404,350 in
advances to the former parent of Bitnile.com. In the period March 6, 2023 through March 31, 2023, an additional 1,378,294 was advanced
to Bitnile.com and 5,782,644 remains outstanding at March 31, 2023. 

67 

Director Independence 

The following table identifies the independent
and non-independent Board nominees and Committee members: 

Name 
 Independent 
 Audit 
 Compensation 
 Corporate Governance Nominating 

Randy S. May 

Gary M. Metzger 

Chair 

Steven K. Nelson 
 
 Chair 

Emily L. Pataki 

Chair 
 
 Henry Nisser 

All of the directors except for Mr. Nisser attended
over 75 of the applicable Board and Committee meetings held during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 (the 2023 Fiscal Year 
Mr. Nisser joined the Board of Directors in March 2023 and was not eligible to attend meetings prior to that date. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table shows the fees paid to RBSM for the fiscal years
ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Year Ended March 31, 2023 ) 
 Year Ended March 31, 2022 ) 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 390,000 
 381,303 
 
 Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees(2) 
 50,000 
 50,000 
 
 All Other Fees 

Total 
 440,000 
 431,303 

(1) Audit fees consist of fees incurred in connection with the
audit of our annual financial statements and the review of the interim financial statements included in our quarterly reports filed with
the SEC. Audit fees also relate to the audit and review of Agora s financial statements contained in registration statements, including
a total of 60,000 in fees for Agora s registration statement in connection with its initial public offering in 2022 and 50,000
for a S-3 registration statement in 2023, and 60,000 each for audits related to White River Holdings Corp
and Banner Midstream Corp. related to their reverse merger transactions. 

(2) Tax fees consist of fees incurred in connection with tax
compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

68 

PART IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger between the Company and Trend Holdings, dated May 31, 2019. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 6, 2019 as Exhibit 2.1 thereto. 
 
 2.2 
 
 Stock Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated March 27, 2020, by and between the Company and Banner Energy Services Corp. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 2, 2020 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 2.3+ 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement by and among the Company, White River E P LLC, Rabb Resources, Ltd. and Claude Rabb, dated August 14, 2020. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 20, 2020 as Exhibit 2.1 thereto. 
 
 3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation, dated November 20, 2007, as amended. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 12, 2021 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws effective as of April 24, 2017. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2017 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation,
 dated October 8, 2021. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 20, 2020 as Exhibit 2.1 thereto. 
 
 3.4 
 
 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 30, 2021 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.5 
 
 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Bylaws. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2022 as Exhibit 3.2 thereto. 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Designation for Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock dated June 8, 2022. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2022 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation
 for the Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, dated June 22, 2022. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on June 22, 2022 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.8 
 
 Form of HUMBL Series C Certificate of Designation,
 dated August 11, 2022. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 16, 2022 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 3.9 
 
 Second Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation for the Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, dated July 14, 2022. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 15, 2022 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.10 
 
 Form of Fortium Series A Certificate of Designation,
 dated July 22, 2022. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2022 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 3.11 
 
 Third Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation for the Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, dated November 28, 2022. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 30, 2022 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 

69 

3.12 
 
 Form of Certificate of Designations of Rights, Preferences
 and Limitations of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, dated March 6, 2023. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2023 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 3.13 
 
 Form of Certificate of Designations of Rights, Preferences
 and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, dated March 6, 2023. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2023 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 3.14 
 
 Form of Certificate of Amendment to the Form of Certificate
 of Designations of Rights, Preferences and Limitations of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, dated March 7, 2023. Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2023 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 3.15 
 
 Form of Certificate of Amendment to the Form of Certificate
 of Designations of Rights, Preferences and Limitations of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, dated March 7, 2023. Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2023 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 3.16 
 
 Articles of Merger, dated March 17, 2023. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 21, 2023 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.17 
 
 Certificate of Change, dated May 4, 2023. Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 10, 2024 as Exhibit 3.1 thereto. 
 
 3.18 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Designation
 of Rights, Preferences and Limitations of Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock, dated May 9, 2023. Incorporated by reference
 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 10, 2024 as Exhibit 3.2 thereto. 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant, dated August 6, 2021. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2021 as Exhibit 4.2 thereto. 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2021 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated June 8, 2022. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2022 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 4.4 
 
 Form of Amended and Restated Warrant, dated June 8, 2022. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 15, 2022 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 4.5 
 
 Form of Note, dated April 27, 2023. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2023 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 4.6 
 
 Form of Warrant, dated April 27, 2023. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2023 as Exhibit 4.2 thereto. 
 
 4.7 
 
 Description of Capital Stock. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Magnolia Solar Corporation 2013 Incentive Stock Plan. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on February 7, 2013 as Exhibit 4.1 thereto. 
 
 10.2 
 
 Ecoark Holdings, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, effective June 13, 2017. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on June 14, 2017 as Exhibit 99.1 thereto. 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement under the Ecoark Holdings, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 2021 Stock Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 20, 2017 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 10.4 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Ecoark Holdings, Inc. 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 20, 2017 as Exhibit 10.3 thereto. 
 
 10.5 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated March 27, 2020, by and between Banner Midstream Corp and Jay Puchir. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 10-K filed on June 30, 2021 as Exhibit 10.9 thereto. 
 
 10.6 
 
 Agreement and Assignment of Oil, Gas and Mineral Lease dated September 3, 2020. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 12, 2021 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Agreement and Assignment of Oil, Gas and Mineral Lease, dated October 9, 2020. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 10-Q filed on February 12, 2021 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 

70 

10.8 
 
 Amendment to the Ecoark Holdings, Inc. 2017 Omnibus
 Incentive Plan. Incorporated by reference to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Form DEF 14A filed on August 26, 2021
 as Appendix B thereto. 
 
 10.9 
 
 Engagement Agreement, dated July 30, 2021. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2021 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 10.10 
 
 Amendment to Engagement Agreement, dated July 30, 2021.
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 5, 2022 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 10.11+ 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated August
 4, 2021. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2021 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.12+ 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, dated August 5, 2021,
 between the Company and Peter Mehring. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2021 as Exhibit
 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.13+ 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, dated October 6, 2021,
 between the Company and Peter Mehring. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 12, 2021 as Exhibit
 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.14 
 
 Peter Mehring Consulting Agreement, dated February
 14, 2022. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 4, 2022 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.15+ 
 
 Form of Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated
 June 16, 2022. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2022 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of Secured Promissory Note, dated June 16, 2022.
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2022 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 10.17+ 
 
 Form of Guaranty Agreement dated June 16, 2022. Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2022 as Exhibit 10.4 thereto. 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of Security Agreement dated June 16, 2022. Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2022 as Exhibit 10.3 thereto. 
 
 10.19+ 
 
 Form of Share Exchange Agreement
 dated July 22, 2022. Incorporated by reference to
 the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2022 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.20+ 
 
 Form of Fortium Share Exchange Agreement dated July
 22, 2022. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2022 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 10.21+ 
 
 Share
 Exchange Agreement dated August 23, 2022 by and among Enviro Technologies U.S., Inc., Banner Midstream Corp. and Ecoark Holdings,
 Inc. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2022 as Exhibit 2.1 thereto. 
 
 10.22+ 
 
 Agreement between Ecoark
 Holdings, Inc. and Ault Lending, LLC dated November 22, 2022. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
 November 29, 2022 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.23+ 
 
 At-The-Market Issuance
 Sales Agreement dated January 24, 2023 between Ecoark Holdings, Inc. and Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC dated January 24, 2023.
 Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 24, 2023 as Exhibit 1.1 thereto. 
 
 10.24+ 
 
 Form of Share Exchange
 Agreement dated February 8, 2023. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2023 as Exhibit
 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.25+ 
 
 Form of Amendment to Share
 Exchange Agreement dated February 8, 2023. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 10, 2023 as
 Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.26+ 
 
 Form of Registration Rights
 Agreement dated February 8, 2023. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2023 as Exhibit
 10.4 thereto. 
 
 10.27 
 
 Letter Agreement dated
 April 4, 2023. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 6, 2023 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 
 
 10.28 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase
 Agreement dated April 27, 2023. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2023 as Exhibit 10.1
 thereto. 
 
 10.29 
 
 Form of Registration Rights
 Agreement dated April 27, 2023. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2023 as Exhibit 10.3
 thereto. 
 
 10.30 
 
 Form of AAI Guaranty dated
 April 27, 2023. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2023 as Exhibit 10.4 thereto. 
 
 10.31 
 
 Form of Subsidiary Guaranty
 dated April 27, 2023. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2023 as Exhibit 10.5 thereto. 
 
 10.32 
 
 Form of Voting Agreement dated April 27, 2023. Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2023 as Exhibit 10.6 thereto. 
 
 10.33 
 
 Form of Lockup Agreement dated April 27, 2023. Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2023 as Exhibit 10.7 thereto. 
 
 10.34 
 
 Form of Security Agreement dated April 27, 2023. Incorporated
 by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28, 2023 as Exhibit 10.2 thereto. 
 
 10.35+ 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 5, 2023, between
 BitNile Metaverse, Inc. and Arena Business Results, LLC. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June
 9, 2023 as Exhibit 10.1 thereto. 

71 

14.1 
 
 Code of Ethics. Incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2021 as Exhibit 14.1 thereto 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of RBSM LLP. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

+ Certain information in this document has been excluded pursuant
to Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10). Such excluded information is not material and is the type that the registrant treats as private or
confidential. A copy of omitted information will be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request; provided, however,
that the parties may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for any
document so furnished. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10 K SUMMARY 

None. 

72 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: July 14, 2023 

BITNILE METAVERSE, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Randy S. May 

Randy S. May 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Jay Puchir 

Jay Puchir 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated. 

July 14, 2023 
 /s/ Randy S. May 

Randy S. May, Chairman of the Board and 
Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

July 14, 2023 
 /s/ Jay Puchir 

Jay Puchir, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

July 14, 2023 

Jim Galla, Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

July 14, 2023 
 /s/ Henry Nisser 

Henry Nisser, President, General Counsel and 
 Director 

July 14, 2023 
 /s/ Steven K. Nelson 

Steven K. Nelson, Director 

July 14, 2023 
 /s/ Gary Metzger 

Gary Metzger, Director 

July 14, 2023 
 /s/ Emily Pataki 

Emily Pataki, Director 

73 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 

BitNile Metaverse, Inc. and subsidiaries (formerly
Ecoark Holdings, Inc.) 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of BitNile Metaverse, Inc. and subsidiaries (formerly Ecoark Holdings, Inc.) (the Company as of March 31,
2023 and 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended March 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our
opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company
as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended March
31, 2023, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Substantial doubt about the Company's Ability to Continue as a Going
Concern 

The accompanying combined consolidated financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and had an accumulated deficit that raises substantial doubt about its ability
to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The combined
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements,
taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit
matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

F- 1 

Valuation of Investment in White River Energy
Corp 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described in Note 6 to the financial statements,
the Company has 30 million as Investment in White River Energy Corp. arising from a share exchange agreement pursuant to which it sold
its oil and gas business in July 2022 and the investment is classified as a current asset on the balance sheet. Management fair values
investment at each reporting date and as a result, determined loss on the value using the lower of cost or market value principal. We
determined the fair value of investment as a critical audit matter as it involved high level of management judgment and in turn led to
a high degree of auditor judgment, effort and subjectivity in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management s
valuation methods and significant assumptions. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professional with specialized skill and
knowledge to assist in performing these procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained. 

How the Critical Audit Matter was addressed
in the Audit 

Our audit procedures
related to the Company s assertion on the fair value of investment included the following, among others - 

We
utilized personnel with specialized knowledge and skill in valuation to assist in; a) assessing the appropriateness and relative valuation
methodology, b) evaluating the reasonableness of the assumptions and estimates used in the option pricing method approach, 

Evaluate
the reasonableness of management s significant estimates and assumptions including discount rates, weighted average cost of capital
and futures market conditions. 

Evaluate if there have been events and circumstances that
might indicate that the Investment has been impaired. 

Valuation of Series B and C Preferred Stock
issued to Ault Lending Inc. 

Critical Audit Matter Description 

As described in Note 3 and Note 17 to the financial statements, the
Company acquired the assets and assumed certain liabilities of Bitnile.com pursuant to a share exchange agreement by issuance of Series
B and C preferred stock. The management determined the preferred shares constituted a derivative liability at inception and remeasured
at the reporting date. We have identified the valuation of Series B and C Preferred Stock as a critical audit matter as (i) there was
a high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity involved in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the transaction
in its entirety based on the judgment and understanding by management when developing the estimates, (ii) significant audit effort was
necessary to evaluate management s anticipated and significant assumptions. In addition, the audit effort involved the use of professional
with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in performing these procedures and evaluating the audit evidence obtained. 

How the Critical Audit Matter was addressed
in the Audit 

Our audit procedures
related to the Company s assertion on the fair value of preferred stocks included the following, among others - 

We
utilized personnel with specialized knowledge and skill in valuation to assist in; a) assessing the appropriateness and relative weighting
of valuation methodology, b) evaluating the reasonableness of the assumptions and estimates used in the methods applied, 

Evaluate
the reasonableness of management s significant estimates and assumptions including discount rates, future cash flows and futures
market conditions. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2019. 

PCAOB ID 

, New York 

July 14, 2023 

F- 2 

BITNILE METAVERSE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

(FORMERLY ECOARK HOLDINGS, INC.) 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

MARCH 31, 
 MARCH 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash pledged as collateral for credit as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively) 

Investment - White River Energy Corp. 
 
 -

Intangible assets, cryptocurrencies 
 -

Prepaid expenses and other current assets, current portion 

Current assets of discontinued operations/held for sale 

Total current assets 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS: 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 
 
 -

Power development costs 
 -

Right of use assets - operating leases 

Other assets 

Non-current assets of discontinued operations/held for sale 

Total non-current assets 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

LIABILITIES 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Warrant derivative liabilities 

Preferred stock derivative liability, net 
 
 -

Current portion of long-term debt 

Advances - former parent of Bitnile.com 
 
 - 
 
 Current portion of lease liability - operating leases 

Current liabilities of discontinued operations/held for sale 

Total current liabilities 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Lease liability - operating leases, net of current portion 

Long-term debt, net of current portion 

Non-current liabilities of discontinued operations/held for sale 

Total non-current liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized 

Series A Preferred stock, and shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Series B Preferred stock, and shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Series C Preferred stock, and shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 
 -
 
 -

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and and shares outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Treasury stock, at cost 
 -

Total stockholders' equity before non-controlling interest 

Non-controlling interest 

Total stockholders' equity (deficit) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

F- 3 

BITNILE METAVERSE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

(FORMERLY ECOARK HOLDINGS, INC.) 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

MARCH 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 CONTINUING OPERATIONS: 

REVENUES 
 -

COST OF REVENUES 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Salaries and salaries related costs 

Professional and consulting fees 

Selling, general and administrative costs 

Bad debt 
 
 -

Depreciation, amortization, and impairment 

Cryptocurrency impairment losses 

Total operating expenses 

LOSS FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS BEFORE OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) 

Change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities 

Change in fair value of preferred stock derivative liabilities 
 
 -

Change in fair value of investment in White River Energy Corp 
 
 -

Derivative income (expense) 
 
 -

Loss on conversion of derivative liability to common stock in conversion of preferred stock 
 
 -

Loss on conversion of derivative liability in redemption of preferred stock 
 -
 
 -

Loss on acquisition of Bitnile.com 

Gain (loss) on disposal of fixed assets 
 
 -

Interest expense, net of interest income 

Total other income (expense) 

INCOME (LOSS) FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES AND DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS 

DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS: 

(Loss) income from discontinued operations 

(Loss) on disposal of discontinued operations 
 
 -

Total discontinued operations 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
 -
 
 -

NET LOSS 

NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST 

NET LOSS TO CONTROLLING INTEREST 

Less: Preferred Stock Dividends 
 
 -

NET LOSS TO CONTROLLING INTEREST OF COMMON STOCKHOLDERS 

NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE - BASIC AND DILUTED 

Continuing operations 

Discontinued operations 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING - BASIC AND DILUTED

F- 4 

BITNILE METAVERSE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

(FORMERLY ECOARK HOLDINGS, INC.) 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS'
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022

Additional 

Non- 

Preferred 
 Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Treasury 
 controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Stock 
 Interest 
 Total 

Balance - March 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

-

Shares issued in the exercise of stock options, including cashless exercises 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Shares issued for services rendered, net of amounts prepaid 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Shares issued in registered direct offering, net of
 amount allocated to derivative liability 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Shares issued by Agora Digital Holdings, Inc. for services rendered, net of amounts prepaid 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Share-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Recognition of non-controlling interest 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

-

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Balance - March 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

Shares issued for commitment for preferred stock offering, net of expenses 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Shares issued for cash under ATM, net of fees 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Shares issued in conversion of preferred stock to common stock 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Shares issued in settlement 
 -
 
 -

-

-

Shares issued for preferred stock dividends 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Shares issued by Agora Digital Holdings, Inc. for services rendered, net of amounts prepaid 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Shares issued for vested restricted stock units 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Share-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Disposal of subsidiaries in reverse merger transactions 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 
 -

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Preferred stock dividends 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

Balance - March 31, 2023 
 -
 
 -

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

BITNILE METAVERSE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

(FORMERLY ECOARK HOLDINGS, INC.) 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 AND 2022 

MARCH 31, 

2023 
 2022 

CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities 

Change in non-controlling interest 

Loss on acquisition of Bitnile.com 
 
 -

Depreciation, amortization, and impairment 

Cryptocurrency impairment losses 

Debt modification expense 
 
 -

Share-based compensation 

Change in fair value of investment in White River Energy Corp 
 
 -

Change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities 

Change in fair value of preferred stock derivative liabilities 
 
 -

Derivative (income) expense 
 
 -

Loss on conversion of derivative liabilities to common stock 
 
 -

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 
 
 -

Loss on disposal of White River and Pinnacle Frac 
 
 -

(Gain) on disposal of Trend Discovery Holdings 
 
 -

Common shares issued for services 

Common shares issued for services - Agora 

Amortization of discount 
 
 -

Development expenses reduced from refund of power development fee 
 
 -

Impairment of development fee 
 
 -

Bad debt on note receivable 
 
 -

Warrants granted for interest expense 
 -

Warrants granted for commissions 
 -

Commitment fees on long-term debt 

Changes in assets and liabilities 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Intangible assets - cryptocurrencies 

Amortization of right of use asset - operating leases 

Accrued interest receivable 
 
 -

Operating lease expense 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Total adjustments 

Net cash used in operating activities of continuing operations 

Net cash provided by (used in) discontinued operations 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from the sale of power development costs 

Purchase of fixed assets 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities of
 continuing operations 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities of discontinued operations 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from the issuance of common stock in a registered direct offering, net of fees 
 -

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 -

Proceeds from former parent of Bitnile.com 
 
 -

Proceeds from notes payable - related parties 
 
 -

Repayments of notes payable - related parties 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

Repayment of long-term debt 

Repayment of obligation to third party to be reflected as future redemptions of Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 -

Proceeds from the sale of common stock under ATM 
 
 -

Proceeds from the sale of preferred stock 
 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities of continuing operations 

Net cash provided by (used in)
 financing activities of discontinued operations 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

NET DECREASE IN CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH 

CASH - BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH - END OF YEAR 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES 

Cash paid for interest expense 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

SUMMARY OF NON-CASH ACTIVITIES: 

Reclassification of assets of discontinued operations to current operations in fixed assets 
 -

Recognition of non-controlling interest - Agora 
 -

Lease liability recognized for ROU asset 
 -

Vehicle trade-in for note payable 
 -

Bifurcation of derivative liability in registered direct offering 
 -

Issuance costs on mezzanine equity 
 
 -

Non-controlling interest recorded in consolidation of Wolf Energy Services, Inc. 
 
 -

Preferred shares/derivative liability converted into common stock 
 
 -

Mezzanine equity reclassified to liability upon amendment 
 
 -

F- 6 

BITNILE METAVERSE INC. AND SUBSIDIAIRES 

(FORMERLY ECOARK HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES) 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
MARCH 31, 2023 

million on June 8, 2022 in exchange for preferred stock and a warrant,
the former of which was subsequently amended, and the latter of which was subsequently cancelled. Because all spin-offs require the transactions
to be registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Company did not complete any spin-offs in fiscal 2023. Because of the
plans to spin-off its principal operating subsidiaries, the Company was searching for one or more operating businesses to acquire. As
discussed below in Note 1 and in Note 3, the Company acquired BitNile.com on March 7, 2023. The Company has decided to leave Agora and
Zest Labs in the Company and to not proceed with the spin-offs of these entities, although it intends to create a trust to distribute
at least of the net proceeds of the pending Zest Labs litigation recoveries, if any, to the Company s stockholders as of September
30, 2022. The Company currently plans to transfer all of the common stock of Zest Labs Inc. into a limited liability company, of which
any net proceeds from the sale or licensing of Zest intellectual property or the aforementioned potential net proceeds from Zest litigation
would be distributed to the Company s shareholders of record as of November 15, 2022. 

See the Company s Annual Report for the
year ended March 31, 2022 on Form 10-K filed July 7, 2022 for details regarding the businesses of White River Holdings Corp, Banner Midstream
Corp and Trend Discovery Holdings, LLC. 

On July 25, 2022, the Company entered into and
closed a Share Exchange Agreement, by and among the Company, White River and WTRV. As a result, White River became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of WTRV and issued the Company non-voting Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series A which is convertible into
approximately of WTRV s common stock (not giving effect to the conversion of outstanding common stock equivalents) after the
Company elects to spin-off WTRV common stock to the Company s stockholders and a registration statement covering the spin-off has
been declared effective. The Company s Chief Executive Officer is also the Executive Chairman of WTRV, and the Company s Chief
Financial Officer is the Chief Executive Officer of WTRV. The former Chief Executive Officer and director of WTRV is the son-in-law of
the Company s Executive Chairman, and he resigned from all positions with WTRV in connection with the closing. The new Board of
Directors (the Board of WTRV includes the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Executive Officer s
daughter as well as three other designees. The Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary in this transaction and has
concluded that no consolidation is required for White River as a variable interest entity. 

F- 7 

shares of the Wolf Energy
common stock in exchange for all of the capital stock of Banner Midstream owned by the Company, which represents of the issued and
outstanding shares (the Exchange ). Following the closing of the Agreement which occurred on September 7, 2022, Banner Midstream
continues as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Wolf Energy. of the total voting shares of Wolf Energy
that were outstanding as of that time . As a result, the Company consolidates Wolf Energy 
in its consolidated financial statements; however because it is the intent of the Company to distribute these shares in Wolf Energy 
to the stockholders of the Company upon the effectiveness of a registration statement filed by Wolf Energy ,
the Company has classified the assets and liabilities of Wolf Energy and the results of operations
of Wolf Energy in discontinued operations. See Note 2. 

On February 8, 2023, of BitNile.com, Inc. BitNile.com ),
a significant shareholder of the Company, and the minority stockholders of BitNile.com (the Minority Shareholders ). The
SEA provides that, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, the Company will acquire all of the outstanding shares of capital
stock of BitNile.com as well as the common stock of Earnity, Inc. beneficially owned by BitNile.com (which represents approximately 
of the outstanding common stock of Earnity, Inc. as of the date of the SEA), in exchange for the following: (i) shares of newly
designated Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company to be issued to Ault (the Series B ), and (ii) shares
of newly designated Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company to be issued to the Minority Shareholders (the Series C, 
and together with the Series B, the Preferred Stock ). The Series B and the Series C, the terms of which are summarized in
more detail below, each have a stated value of per share (the Stated Value ), for a combined stated value of ,
and subject to adjustment are convertible into a total of up to shares of the Company s common stock, which represent
approximately of the Company outstanding common stock on a fully-diluted basis. The Company has independently valued the Series
B and Series C as of the date of acquisition. The combined value of the shares issued to Ault was using a blended fair value
of the discounted cash flow method and option pricing method. See Note 3 for the details on the asset purchase as BitNile.com did not
meet the accounting definition of a business and Note 17 for details on the Series B and C Preferred Stock. 

The terms of the Series
B and Series C as set forth in the Certificates of Designations of the Rights, Preferences and Limitations of each such series of Preferred
Stock (each, a Certificate, and together the Certificates are essentially identical except the Series B is
super voting and must approve any modification of various negative covenants and certain other corporate actions as more particularly
described below. 

Pursuant to the Series
B Certificate, each share of Series B is convertible into a number of shares of the Company s common stock determined by dividing
the Stated Value by , or shares of common stock. The conversion price is subject to certain adjustments, including potential
downward adjustment if the Company closes a qualified financing resulting in at least in gross proceeds at a price per share
that is lower than the conversion price. The Series B holders are entitled to receive dividends at a rate of of the Stated Value per
annum from issuance until February 7, 2033 (the Dividend Term ). During the first of the Dividend Term, dividends
will be payable in additional shares of Series B rather than cash, and thereafter dividends will be payable in either additional shares
of Series B or cash as each holder may elect. If the Company fails to make a dividend payment as required by the Series B Certificate,
the dividend rate will be increased to for as long as such default remains ongoing and uncured. Each share of Series B also has an
 liquidation preference in the event of a liquidation, change of control event, dissolution or winding up of the Company, and ranks
senior to all other capital stock of the Company with respect thereto other than the Series C with which the Series B shares equal ranking.
Each share of Series B is entitled to vote with the Company s common stock at a rate of votes per share of common stock into
which the Series B is convertible. 

In addition, for as long
as at least of the shares of Series B remain outstanding, Ault (and any transferees) must consent rights with respect to certain corporate
events, including reclassifications, fundamental transactions, stock redemptions or repurchases, increases in the number of directors,
and declarations or payment of dividends, and further the Company is subject to certain negative covenants, including covenants against
issuing additional shares of capital stock or derivative securities, incurring indebtedness, engaging in related party transactions, selling
of properties having a value of over , altering the number of directors, and discontinuing the business of any subsidiary, subject
to certain exceptions and limitations. 

F- 8 

of the shares of common stock issuable
upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, which is initially shares. 

Pending stockholder approval
of the transaction, the Series B and the Series C combined are subject to a beneficial ownership limitation. That limitation includes
shares of Series A issued to Ault on June 8, 2022 and any common stock held by Ault. Certain other rights are subject to stockholder approval
as described below. The SEA provides that the Company will seek stockholder approval following the closing. The entire transaction is
subject to compliance with Nasdaq Rules and the Series B and Series C Certificates each contain a savings clause that nothing shall violate
such Rules. Nasdaq may nonetheless disregard the savings clause. 

Under the SEA, effective
at the closing Ault is entitled to appoint three of the Company s directors, and following receipt of approval from the Company s
stockholders, a majority of the Company s directors. The SEA also provides the holders of Preferred Stock with most favored nations
rights in the event the Company offers securities with more favorable terms than the Preferred Stock for as long as the Preferred Stock
remains outstanding. Under the SEA, while any Preferred Stock is outstanding, the Company is prohibited from redeeming or declaring or
paying dividends on outstanding securities other than the Preferred Stock. Further, the SEA prohibits the Company from issuing or amending
securities at a price per share below the conversion price of the Preferred Stock, or to engage in variable rate transactions, for a period
of 12 months following the closing. 

The SEA further provides
that following the closing the Company will prepare and distribute a proxy statement and hold a meeting of its stockholders to approve
each of the following: In connection with the SEA, the Company and Ault also agreed that the net litigation
proceeds from the Zest Labs litigation that was ongoing as of November 15, 2022 would be held in a trust for the benefit of the Company s
stockholders of record as of such date. 

In connection with the
SEA, the Company also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with Ault and the Minority Shareholders pursuant to which the Company
agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-3 or Form S-1 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC registering
the resale by the holders of the Preferred Stock and/or the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, to
be initially filed within 15 days of the closing, and to use its best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective
by the SEC within 45 days thereafter, subject to certain exceptions and limitations. 

The SEA contains certain
representations and warranties made by each of the Company, Ault and the Minority Shareholders. Upon the closing, which is subject to
the closing conditions set forth in the SEA, including among other conditions the parties obtaining a fairness opinion from a national
independent valuation firm and satisfactory completion of due diligence by each of the Company and Ault, BitNile.com will continue as
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. BitNile.com s principal business entails the development and operation of a metaverse
platform, the beta for which launched on March 1, 2023. This transaction closed on March 7, 2023. 

On April 9, 2021, a Little
Rock, Arkansas jury awarded Ecoark and Zest a total of million in damages (later reduced to million) which includes million
in compensatory damages and million in punitive damages and found Walmart Inc. Walmart liable on three counts. The
federal jury found that Walmart misappropriated Zest s trade secrets, failed to comply with a written contract, and acted willfully
and maliciously in misappropriating Zest s trade secrets. See Note 19 Commitments and Contingencies Legal Proceedings. 

F- 9 

shares for .
On October 1, 2021, the Company purchased shares of Agora common stock for which Agora used to purchase equipment
to commence the Bitstream operations. 

Agora was organized by Ecoark Holdings to enter
the Bitcoin mining business. Because of the plunge in the price of Bitcoin in 2022 and the type of miners Agora acquired during its attempt
to close an initial public offering, Agora determined it was not presently feasible to conduct Bitcoin mining operations and ceased such
activities on March 3, 2022. In September 2022, Agora determined to become a power-centric hosting company and thus, subject to raising
capital, will focus its attention on generating revenues in this capacity. 

On August 4, 2021, the Company s common
stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market. 

On September 9, 2022, the Company held an annual
meeting of its stockholders, and the stockholders approved the issuance of the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the
Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock sold on June 8, 2022. Additionally, the stockholders approved increasing authorized common
stock to shares. Articles of Amendment were filed that day. 

On October 28, 2022, the Company and Ecoark, Inc.
assigned all of its residual intellectual property rights and rights in the Zest Labs lawsuits to Zest Labs in connection with the anticipated
spin-off of Zest Labs common stock to the Company s stockholders. The Board of Directors subsequently determined not to proceed
with the Zest Labs spin-off, however the assignment was not affected by that determination. 

On May 4, 2023, the Company amended their Certificate
of Incorporation for a 1-for-30 reverse stock split. The Company also reduced their authorized shares on a 1-for-30 basis going from 
authorized shares down to authorized shares. The Company has reflected this reverse split retroactively in their consolidated
financial statements pursuant to SAB Topic 4C. 

Overview of BitNile.com Metaverse 

BitNile.com will generate revenue from their Metaverse
primarily through the sale of tokens or coins that provide the end user with interactive entertainment (game play) and durable goods principally
for the PC and mobile platforms. The Company primarily offer the following: 

1. Metaverse access Provide access to main game content. 

2. Sale of Nile Tokens NT NT s
can be used for additional digital game play only 

3. Sale of Nile Coins NC NC s can
be used to participate in games of skill, buy durable goods, etc. all within the digital platform 

4. SweepCoins SC Users can use SC to
enter sweepstakes type games with a potential to win both digital goods and real world cash and prizes. 

F- 10 

to enable the build out of the hosting facility, including the initial 12MW of power
within 45 days of the date of the MSA. As of the date of this Report, this requirement has not been met. Agora has not received any miners
in this transaction as of March 31, 2023. 

All significant accounting policies related to
Pinnacle Frac, Capstone, White River, Shamrock, Barrier Crest and Trend Discovery Capital Management have been removed as these entities
are reflected in discontinued operations. For full details on the policies refer to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
March 31, 2022 filed on July 7, 2022. 

of Trend Discovery Holdings, LLC pursuant to a merger of Trend with and into the Company (the Merger ). Trend
Discovery Holdings, Inc. ceased doing business upon completion of the merger and Trend Discovery Holdings LLC is the subsidiary of the
Company. Upon the formation of Agora on September 17, 2021, Ecoark assigned the membership interest it owned in Trend Holdings to Agora
on September 22, 2021 when the Company purchased shares of Agora common stock for . 

F- 11 

percent of the outstanding voting shares of another entity is a condition
pointing toward consolidation. The power to control may also exist with a lesser percentage of ownership, for example, by contract, lease,
agreement with other stockholders, or by court decree. 

The Company expects it will continue to control Agora until it completes
the distribution of Agora common stock to its security holders described above; after that event occurs, it may still have sufficient
equity ownership to control Agora unless one or more third parties acquire a larger equity position. 

shares of common stock to consultants and management. As a result of these issuances, the Company s ownership percentage
in Agora dropped from approximately to approximately . 

of the total issued common shares of Wolf Energy and has consolidated Wolf Energy ;
however, the Company expects to distribute these shares to its stockholders of record as of September 30, 2022, and thus has reflected
Wolf Energy in the discontinued operations of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

of the outstanding common stock of Earnity, Inc. as of the date of the SEA), in exchange for the
following: 

of Agora. As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, approximately and is reflected as non-controlling interest
of that entity. In addition, we have reflected of Wolf Energy as noncontrolling interests
as the Company represents approximately of the voting interests in Wolf Energy . 

F- 12 

F- 13 

million to support the hosting operations. See Note 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies . 

F- 14 

F- 15 

25k NILE-T / 4 NILE-S 

50k NILE-T / 9 NILE-S 

100k NILE-T / 20 NILE-S 

250k NILE-T / 51 NILE-S 

500k NILE-T / 103 NILE-S 

1.5M NILE-T / 310 NILE-S 

F- 16 

won coins accumulated) 

SC that is available to be redeemed 

F- 17 

F- 18 

F- 19 

and ), respectively, has working capital
(deficit) of ) and ) as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and has an accumulated deficit as of March 31,
2023 of ). As of March 31, 2023, the Company has in cash and cash equivalents. 

million convertible preferred stock financing. That financing has restrictive covenants that require approval of the investor
for the Company to engage in any equity or debt financing. 

in just the first month alone. In addition, upon entering into the MSA with
BitNile, potential hosting revenue could generate revenue and earnings for the Company. If revenue is generated from the MSA, management
expects that it will go towards covering the Company s operating costs and to allow it to continue as a going concern. However,
in order to proceed under the MSA, the Company will require additional financing to fund its future planned operations. MSA contemplates
the Company providing services and infrastructure to BitNile to enable the build out of the hosting facility, including the initial 12MW
of power within 45 days of the date of the MSA which as disclosed above was not met. We have generated no revenue to date under any hosting
arrangement. The accompanying financial statements for the period ended March 31, 2023 have been
prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, but the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent
on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it establishes continued revenue streams and becomes profitable.
Management s plans to continue as a going concern include raising additional capital through sales of equity securities and borrowing.
However, management cannot provide any assurances that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. If the Company
is not able to obtain the necessary additional financing on a timely basis, the Company will be required to delay, reduce or perhaps even
cease the operation of its business. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully
secure other sources of financing and attain profitable operations. In the Company s fourth fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2023,
the Company raised from the sales of its common stock related to an At-the-Market ATM offering,
with an additional approximate raised in the first fiscal quarter of 2024. In addition, on April 27, 2023, the Company sold
 million of principal face amount senior secured convertible notes with an original issue discount to sophisticated investors for
gross proceeds to the company of million. The notes mature on April 27, 2024 and are secured by all of the assets of the Company
and certain of its subsidiaries, including BitNile.com. The proceeds received have gone towards working capital until the Company can
generate the necessary funds from their operations. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. See Risk Factors included in this Annual
Report. 

F- 20 

secured note (see Note 4). Each of the Trend Discovery subsidiaries including Barrier Crest guaranteed the note
and provided Agora with a first lien on its assets. The Company accounted for this sale as a disposal of the business under ASC 205-20-50-1(a).
The Company had reclassified the operations of Barrier Crest and Trend Discovery Capital Management (the other entities were inactive)
as discontinued operations as the disposal represents a strategic shift that will have a major effect on the Company s operations
and financial results. The Company made this determination for these segments to be held for sale as the criteria established under ASC
205-20-45-1E had been satisfied as of June 8, 2022. Under ASC 855-10-55, the Company has reflected the reclassification of assets and
liabilities of these entities as held for sale and the operations as discontinued operations as of and for the year ended March 31, 2022
as well as for the period April 1, 2022 through June 17, 2022. The Company accounted for this sale as a disposal of the business under
ASC 205-20-50-1(a) on June 17, 2022 at which time the gain was recognized. As a result of this reclassification, the Company identified
the following assets and liabilities that were reclassified from continuing operations to discontinued operations as they are discontinued. 

On July 25, 2022, the Company sold its oil and
gas production business (White River) which is part of the Commodities segment. The Company has reflected the reclassification of assets
and liabilities of these entities discontinued operations as of and for the period April 1, 2022 through July 31, 2022. The Company used
July 31, 2022 as a cut-off as a majority of its revenue and expenses are billed on a monthly basis and it is more convenient to do so. 

On September 7, 2022, the Company sold its transportation
business (Pinnacle Frac and Capstone) which is part of the Commodities segment. The Company has reflected the reclassification of assets
and liabilities of these entities discontinued operations as of and for the period April 1, 2022 through August 31, 2022. The Company
used August 31, 2022 as a cut-off as a majority of its revenue and expenses are billed on a monthly basis and it is more convenient to
do so. The shares the Company were issued by Wolf Energy currently represent approximately
 of the total voting shares of Wolf Energy . As a result, the Company will consolidate
Wolf Energy in the consolidated financial statements. It is the intent of the Company to
distribute these shares in Wolf Energy to the stockholders of the Company upon the effectiveness
of a registration statement filed by Wolf Energy . Therefore, the Company has classified the
assets and liabilities of Wolf Energy and the results of operations of Wolf Energy 
in discontinued operations. For a full description of the Wolf Energy Services, Inc. operations, refer to their 10-K for the year ended
March 31, 2023 filed on June 26, 2023. 

Current assets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
Discontinued Operations: 

Accounts receivable 
 -

Inventory 
 -

Prepaid expenses 
 -

Wolf Energy Services, Inc. 
 
 -

Non-current assets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022
 Discontinued Operations: 

Property and equipment, net 
 -

Intangible assets, net 
 -

Oil and gas properties, full cost-method 
 -

Capitalized drilling costs, net of depletion 
 -

Right of use asset operating and financing leases 
 -

Wolf Energy Services, Inc. 
 
 -

F- 21 

Current portion of long-term debt 
 -

Current portion of lease liability operating and financing leases 
 -

Wolf Energy Services, Inc. 
 
 -

Non-current liabilities as of March 31, 2023 and
2022 Discontinued Operations: 

Long-term debt 
 -

Asset retirement obligations 
 -

Wolf Energy Services, Inc. 
 
 -

The Company reclassified the following operations
to discontinued operations for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Operating expenses 

Wolf Energy Services, Inc. net loss 
 
 - 
 
 Other (income) loss 

Net loss from discontinued operations 

The following represents the calculation of the
gain on disposal of Trend Discovery at June 17, 2022: 

Cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Gain on disposal of discontinued operations 

The following represents the calculation of the
loss on disposal of Banner Midstream Corp in two separate transactions July 25, 2022 and September 7, 2022: 

Cash 

Forgiveness of amounts due from subsidiaries 

Reversal of investment booked on March 27, 2020 when acquired 

Loss on disposal of discontinued operations 

F- 22 

Property and equipment 

Intangible assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to BitNile.com former parent 

Notes payable 

The consideration paid for the acquisition of
BitNile.com was as follows (see Note 17): 

Total consideration 

The Acquisition has been accounted for as a purchase
of assets. The Company recognized a loss on the acquisition of as a result of this acquisition in the Consolidated Statements
of Operations for the year ended March 31, 2023. 

. 

Metaverse 

As discussed in Note 1 under revenue recognition,
the Company realized and recognized no revenues from their Metaverse operations in the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Bitcoin Mining 

Prior to March 3, 2022, the Company recognized
revenue for Bitcoin mining as follows: 

Providing computing power to solve complex cryptographic
algorithms in support of Bitcoin blockchains, in a process known as solving a block , is an output of the Company s
ordinary activities. The provision of computing power is the only performance obligation in the Company s contracts with mining
pool operators, its customers. When the Company engaged in mining, satisfied its performance obligation over time as it provides computing
power. 

The contract term is short, limited to the period
of time the Company s miners were contributing to the mining pool computational operations in support of the blockchain, measured
in hash rate or hashes per second . The contract term was the payout period under the Company s mining
pool contracts, which is a twenty-four-hour period. After each contract period, the Company had the right to renew the contract for subsequent,
successive payout periods. 

F- 23 

, bears interest at the
rate of per annum, and was to mature . Under Trend Ventures Note, Trend Ventures, LP has agreed to make interest-only
payments, in arrears on a monthly basis commencing on June 30, 2022 and continuing thereafter until June 16, 2023. Beginning on June 30,
2023, Trend Ventures, LP agreed to make 24 consecutive equal monthly payments of principal each in an amount which would fully amortize
the principal, plus accrued interest. All principal and any unpaid accrued interest will be due and payable on or before the maturity
date. The Trend Ventures Note will be granted a first lien senior secured interest as set forth in the Security Agreement executed on
the same date as the Trend Ventures Note, by and among Trend Ventures, LP, its future subsidiaries (each a Guarantor) and Agora dated
as of June 16, 2022. Trend has not made any interest payments on the Note. 

As of March 31, 2023, the Company has recognized
 in interest income and accrued interest receivable. The Company has waived Trend Ventures, LP s failure to pay the interest. 

See Note 25, for the amendment to the Trend Ventures
Note entered into May 15, 2023. 

As of March 31, 2023, the Company has established
a full reserve for the principal and accrued interest receivable. 

shares of WTRV s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, which becomes convertible into 
shares of WTRV common stock upon such time as (A) WTRV has filed a Form S-1 with the SEC and such Form S-1 has been declared effective,
or is no longer subject to comments from the Staff of the SEC, and (B) Ecoark elects to distribute shares of its common stock to its stockholders.
Based on the lower of cost or market, the value of the investment was determined to be . As of March 31, 2023, WTRV has not
had their registration statement declared effective. The Company has determined that as of March 31, 2023, there is no impairment of this
investment. The Company engaged an independent valuation consultant who has determined there is a loss on this investment
and the Company marked the investment down to as of March 31 2023, and has reflected this in the Consolidated Statement of
Operations for the year ended March 31, 2023 based on various approaches and methods of valuation including the market approach and the
precedent transaction method. 

F- 24 

shares of the Wolf Energy
common stock in exchange for all of the capital stock of Banner Midstream owned by the Company, which represents of the issued and
outstanding shares (the Exchange ). Following the closing of the Agreement which occurred on September 7, 2022, Banner Midstream
continues as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Wolf Energy. Based on the lower of cost or market, the value of the investment was determined
to be . On September 7, 2022, the Exchange was completed, and Banner Midstream became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Wolf
 Energy . The Company has determined that as of March 31, 2023, there is no impairment of this
investment. 

The Company has determined that this transaction
has resulted in BitNile Metaverse having a controlling interest in Wolf Energy as the common
stock issued represent approximately of the voting common stock of Wolf Energy common stock
outstanding at March 31, 2023. Since Ecoark will be distributing to the Ecoark stockholders a stock dividend to all common and
preferred stockholders with a stock dividend date of September 30, 2022, the Company has reflected Wolf Energy ,
in discontinued operations as the Company intends to hold no shares and thus no voting interest upon the effectiveness of a registration
statement for Wolf Energy , and the investment has been eliminated in the consolidation. 

ownership in Earnity, Inc., a company that aims to democratize access to the broadest array
of cryptocurrency assets in a secure, educational, and community-oriented platform to global customers. Earnity provides users with the
ability to earn, learn, collect and gift a variety of tokens and portfolios. BitNile Metaverse and Earnity will collaborate on creating
secure digital products and incentives to enhance the user s metaverse experience. In the purchase of BitNile.com, the Company has
allocated no value to this investment. 

. Agora ceased Bitcoin mining on March 3, 2022. The value of the Bitcoin
mined was of which has been impaired through September 12, 2022. On September 12, 2022, the Company liquidated its Bitcoin
holdings into fiat currency (USD), of . This transaction resulted in a gain on sale of Bitcoin of . During the year ended
March 31, 2023, the Company recognized Bitcoin impairment losses of . 

The following table presents additional information
about Agora s Bitcoin holdings during the year ended March 31, 2023: 

Gain on sale of Bitcoin 

Bitcoin converted into fiat currency 

Bitcoin impairment losses 

Ending balance March 31, 2023 
 -

The following table presents additional information
about Agora s Bitcoin holdings during the year ended March 31, 2022: 

Bitcoin impairment losses 

Ending balance March 31, 2022 

F- 25 

Land 

Furniture 
 
 -

Auto Bitnile.com 
 
 - 
 
 Equipment Bitnile.com 
 
 - 
 
 Mining technology equipment Bitcoin 

Auto Bitcoin 

Total property and equipment 

Accumulated depreciation and impairment 

Property and equipment, net 

As of March 31, 2023, the Company performed an
evaluation of the recoverability of these long-lived assets. As a result of the evaluation, there was impairment of fixed assets necessary
in the amount of in September 2022 as the Agora s focus changed to a power-centric power company from a Bitcoin Mining
company. As a result, the Company determined the value of the miners purchased have nominal value. 

In September 2022, Agora renegotiated a settlement
with one of its vendors, and provided them transformers (in mining technology equipment) valued at in exchange for a credit
against amounts owed to them of . This resulted in a loss on settlement of . 

Depreciation expense for the years ended March
31, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 

-

Developed technology 
 
 -

Accumulated amortization - trademarks 
 
 -

Accumulated amortization - developed technology 
 
 -

Intangible assets, net 
 
 -

On March 7, 2023, the Company acquired trademarks
and developed technology in the acquisition of BitNile.com. These intangible assets were valued by an independent valuation consultant
utilizing various methods including the discounted cash flow and option-pricing methods, and the estimated remaining useful life of these
assets was estimated to be . 

Amortization expense for the years ended March
31, 2023 and 2022 was and , respectively. 

F- 26 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

each under two separate
agreements for two different land sites to a non-related third party for a total of in connection with the commencement of
Bitstream s Bitcoin mining operations. The payments represent the fee for securing 48 MW and 30 MW, respectively of utility capacity
as defined and agreed by ERCOT West Load Zone in the Oncor Electric Delivery Company LLC Utility at the one-span 
tariff rate classification of 6.1.1.1.5 Primary greater than 10kw . If the Utility is unable to deliver these terms as defined
in the facilities extension agreement, the non-related third party is obligated to secure a new location for Bitstream with at least the
stated capacity and same rate tariff. The non-related third party secured the 48 MW and 30 MW of available capacity by signing a distribution
facilities extension agreement with the Utility and posting the required collateral. 

The was used to purchase this right
to the distribution facilities extension agreement which gives Bitstream immediate access to the 78 MW electric capacity from the Utility. 

Bitstream also reimbursed the utility deposits
paid by the non-related third party in connection with these agreements in the amount of and , respectively. The power
development fees are deemed non-refundable unless the non-related third party cannot find a suitable location within 6 months. Bitstream
and the non-related third party are still negotiating a definitive power agreement. 

On August 10, 2022, the Company had returned
from one of the distribution facilities extension agreements, which is net of of fees related to development costs paid to our
power broker. The Company determined that the remaining will be expensed in the year ended March 31, 2023. As a result, no
amounts remain as an asset as of March 31, 2023. 

Vacation and paid time off 

Legal fees 

Sponsorship 
 
 -

Compensation 
 
 -

Interest 

Insurance 
 -

Other 

Total 

F- 27 

two-year warrants exercisable at per share in exchange for the early conversion of a portion of the September 24, 2020 warrants.
The fair value of the November 14, 2020 warrants was estimated to be at inception, and these warrants have expired as of November
14, 2022. 

The fair value of those warrants was estimated to
be at inception. During the three months ended March 31, 2021, warrants were exercised for , and no shares
were exercised during the year ended March 31, 2022 and nine months ended December 31, 2022. The remaining warrants have expired
as of December 30, 2022. 

On December 30, 2020, the Company granted 
two-year warrants to the placement agent as additional compensation in connection with the registered direct offering closed December
31, 2020, exercisable at a strike price of per share. The fair value of those warrants was estimated to be at inception
and these warrants have expired as of December 30, 2022. 

The fair value of the warrants that remain
outstanding from the warrants granted on September 24, 2020 have expired on September 24, 2022. 

On June 30, 2021, the Company granted two-year
warrants with a strike price of per share, pursuant to a purchase agreement entered into the same day with the warrant holder.
The fair value of those warrants was estimated to be at inception, on June 30, 2021 and as of March 31, 2023. 

On August 6, 2021, the Company closed a 
registered direct offering. The Company sold shares of common stock and warrants at per share. The warrants are
exercisable through April 8, 2025. The Company also issued the placement agent warrants exercisable at per share. Further
information on the offering and compensation to the placement agent is contained in the prospectus supplement dated August 4, 2021. The
fair value of the investor warrants was estimated to be at inception and as of March 31, 2023. The fair value of the
placement agent warrants was estimated to be at inception and as of March 31, 2023. 

The Company determined our derivative liabilities
to be a Level 3 fair value measurement and used the Black-Scholes pricing model to calculate the fair value as of March 31, 2023 and 2022.
The Black-Scholes model requires six basic data inputs: the exercise or strike price, time to expiration, the risk-free interest rate,
the current stock price, the estimated volatility of the stock price in the future, and the dividend rate. 

F- 28 

years 
 years 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 

Expected dividend yield 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Risk-free interest rate 

Market price 
 
 - 

The Company s remaining derivative liabilities
as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 associated with warrant offerings are as follows. All fully extinguished warrants liabilities are not included
in the chart below. 

Fair value of 2,000 November 14, 2020 warrants 
 -

Fair value of 29,630 December 31, 2020 warrants 
 -

Fair value of 2,074 December 31, 2020 warrants 
 -

Fair value of 6,667 June 30, 2021 warrants 
 -

Fair value of 115,942 August 6, 2021 warrants 

Fair value of 8,116 August 6, 2021 warrants 

During the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022
the Company recognized changes in the fair value of the derivative liabilities of ) and ), respectively. In addition,
the Company recognized and in expenses related to the warrants granted for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Activity related to the warrant derivative liabilities
for the year ended March 31, 2023 is as follows: 

Issuances of warrants derivative liabilities 
 -

Warrants exchanged for common stock 
 -

Change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities 

Ending balance as of March 31, 2023 

Activity related to the warrant derivative liabilities
for the year ended March 31, 2022 is as follows: 

Issuances of warrants derivative liabilities 

Warrants exchanged for common stock 
 -

Change in fair value of warrant derivative liabilities 

Ending balance as of March 31, 2022 

F- 29 

Auto loan Ford (b) 

Auto loan Cadillac (c) 
 
 -

Total long-term debt 

Less: current portion 

Long-term debt, net of current portion 

credit facility that includes a loan and security agreement (the Agreement where the lender agreed to make one or more loans to the Company, and the Company may make a request for a loan or loans from the lender, subject to the terms and conditions. The Company is required to pay interest biannually on the outstanding principal amount of each loan calculated at an annual rate of . The loans are evidenced by demand notes executed by the Company. Interest incurred for the year ended March 31, 2023 was and accrued as of March 31, 2023 was . With the sale of Trend Holdings, we can no longer access this line of credit. 

for a service truck maturing . The note is secured by the collateral
purchased and accrued interest annually at with principal and interest payments due monthly. There is no accrued interest as of
March 31, 2023. 

. The loan bears interest at and matures
December 2028. 

The following is a list of maturities as of March
31: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Interest expense on long-term debt during the
years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 are and , respectively. 

to the Company
through August 8, 2021, under the terms of notes payable that bears interest at rates ranging between and interest per annum.
On August 9, 2021, the Company repaid the entire to the Board member with accrued interest of . Interest expense on the
notes for the year ended March 31, 2022 was . 

An officer of the Company advanced and
was repaid this amount during the year ended March 31, 2022, and was advanced and repaid during the year ended March 31, 2022
from an officer of Agora. 

In the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer advanced a total of of which was repaid; and an officer of Agora advanced
 which was fully repaid in the same period. These were short-term advances and no interest was charged as the amounts were outstanding
for just a few weeks. 

In the acquisition of Bitnile.com (see Note 3),
the Company assumed in advances to the former parent of Bitnile.com. In the period March 6, 2023 through March 31, 2023, an
additional was advanced to Bitnile.com and remains outstanding at March 31, 2023. 

F- 30 

shares of Series A Convertible Redeemable
Preferred Stock (the BitNile Metaverse Series A ), shares of common stock (the Commitment Shares and
a warrant to purchase shares of common stock (the Warrant, and together with the BitNile Metaverse Series A and the Commitment
Shares, the Securities for a total original purchase price of . The Purchaser is a subsidiary of Ault Alliance,
Inc. [NYSE American: AULT]. The Company determined that the classification of the BitNile Metaverse Series A was Mezzanine Equity as the
option to convert the shares belongs to the Purchaser. A description of the material transaction components are as follows: 

Conversion Rights 

Prior to the November 2022 amendment described
below, each share of BitNile Metaverse Series A had a stated value of and were convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion
price of per share, subject to customary adjustment provisions. The holder s conversion of the BitNile Metaverse Series A
was subject to a beneficial ownership limitation of of the issued and outstanding common stock as of any conversion date of the
BitNile Metaverse Series A, unless and until the Company obtains stockholder and The Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq approval
for the conversion of more than that amount, in order to comply with Nasdaq Rules. Stockholder approval was obtained on September 9, 2022.
In addition, the conversion rights in general did not become effective until July 23, 2022, which is one day after the record date for
the stockholders meeting seeking such stockholder approval at the September 9, 2022 meeting. 

As described in Note 19 . Commitments
and Contingencies , Nasdaq is alleging that the November 2022 amendment to the Series A violated its voting and stockholder approval
requirements, and we expect it may do so with regard to the recent BitNile.com transaction, although the Company plans to seek stockholder
approval for both transactions and make any modifications Nasdaq requires. See Risk Factors contained in this Annual Report. 

Changes to these inputs could produce a significantly
higher or lower fair value measurement. The fair value of the preferred stock liability is estimated using the Black-Scholes valuation
model. The following assumptions were used for the year ended March 31, 2023, and at inception: 

years 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility 
 - 

Expected dividend yield 
 -
 
 -

Risk-free interest rate 

Market price 

F- 31 

(or such higher percentage as set forth in the Certificate (as defined below)) of the BitNile Metaverse
Series A shares issued on the closing date under the Agreement. These restrictive covenants include the following actions by the Company,
subject to certain exceptions and limitations: 

The above and other negative covenants in the
Series A Certificate do not apply to a reverse merger with an entity with securities quoted on a market operated by OTC Markets or listed
on a national securities exchange. 

Warrant 

On November 14, 2022, the Company and the warrant
holder canceled the warrant which was originally issued to the holder on June 8, 2022, as subsequently amended and restated, in exchange
for as the Company has substantially met the conditions under Section 1(a) of the warrant, therefore, the Company did not compute
any derivative liability on the warrants. 

F- 32 

shares of common stock, representing the Commitment Shares
issued at the closing plus of the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the BitNile Metaverse Series A. This amount
equals of the Company s outstanding common stock immediately prior to the closing. The Company registered the sale by filing
a prospectus supplement pursuant to the Company s registration statement on Form S-3 (File
No. 333-249532), originally filed with the SEC on October 16, 2020, as amended, which became effective on December 29, 2020, and the base
prospectus included therein . On January 23, 2023, the Purchaser agreed to reduce its secondary offering of shares of our common
stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A by . See Note 18 Stockholders Equity (Deficit). 

The value of the Commitment Shares of 
were considered issuance costs and have been reflected in the total for Mezzanine Equity of . During the year ended March 31,
2023, a total of shares of the Series A have been converted into shares of common stock and shares of the Series A have
been redeemed pursuant to an agreement with the holder to have the Company pay a liability on their behalf. As of March 31, 2023, a total
of shares of Series A are issued and outstanding. In addition, the Company amortized in discount on the preferred stock,
prior to the reclassification to the preferred stock liability on November 22, 2022. Upon this reclassification, the balance of unamortized
discount of , was expensed as part of the debt modification expense. 

The description above is not a substitute for
reviewing the full text of the referenced documents, which were attached as exhibits to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
as filed with the SEC on June 9, 2022, and the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the SEC on July 15, 2022 when
we filed the amended and restated warrant, and the aforementioned amendment filed on November 29, 2022. 

Preferred Stock Derivative Liability 

BitNile Metaverse Series A 

As discussed herein, the Company determined that
the Series A upon the amendment on November 28, 2022, constituted a derivative liability under ASC 815. As a result of this classification,
the Company determined that on November 28, 2022 (inception), the value of the derivative liability was . 

On December 9, 2022, the Series A holder converted
 shares of Series A into common shares that resulted in a loss on conversion of . 

The derivative liability for the preferred stock
was remeasured at March 31, 2023 and is valued at , resulting in a gain of in the change in fair value. 

During the year ended March 31, 2023 the Company
recognized changes in the fair value of the derivative liabilities related to the Series A of (5,016,450). In addition, during March
2023, the Company advanced to a third-party related to an obligation by the Series A Preferred Stock shareholder and this amount
will be reflected as a redemption upon the dividend that will be paid to the Company s shareholders of record as of September 30,
2022 for the White River Energy Corp and Wolf Energy Services Corp. divestitures. 

Activity related to the preferred stock derivative
liabilities for the year ended March 31, 2023 is as follows: 

Gain on fair value at inception 

Conversion of preferred stock for common stock 

Advances to third-party that will be considered redemption of Series A 

Change in fair value of preferred stock derivative liabilities 

Ending balance as of March 31, 2023 

F- 33 

of BitNile.com, and the Minority Stockholders. The SEA provides that, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, the Company
will acquire the assets and assume the liabilities of Bitnile.com as well as the common stock of Earnity, Inc. beneficially owned by BitNile.com
(which represents approximately of the outstanding common stock of Earnity, Inc. as of the date of the SEA) which has no value,
in exchange for the following: (i) shares of Series B, and (ii) shares of Series C. The Series B and the Series C, the
terms of which are summarized in more detail below, each have a stated value of per share (the Stated Value ), for
a combined stated value of , and subject to adjustment are convertible into a total of up to shares of the Company s
common stock, which represent approximately of the Company outstanding common stock on a fully-diluted basis. The Company has independently
valued the Series B and Series C as of the date of acquisition. The combined value of the shares issued to Ault was using
a blended fair value of the discounted cash flow method and option pricing method. 

The terms of the Series
B and Series C as set forth in the Certificates of Designations of the Rights, Preferences and Limitations of each such series of Preferred
Stock (each, a Certificate, and together the Certificates are essentially identical except the Series B is
super voting and must approve any modification of various negative covenants and certain other corporate actions as more particularly
described below. 

Pursuant to the Series
B Certificate, each share of Series B is convertible into a number of shares of the Company s common stock determined by dividing
the Stated Value by , or shares of common stock. The conversion price is subject to certain adjustments, including potential
downward adjustment if the Company closes a qualified financing resulting in at least in gross proceeds at a price per share
that is lower than the conversion price. The Series B holders are entitled to receive dividends at a rate of of the Stated Value per
annum from issuance until February 7, 2033 (the Dividend Term ). During the first of the Dividend Term, dividends
will be payable in additional shares of Series B rather than cash, and thereafter dividends will be payable in either additional shares
of Series B or cash as each holder may elect. If the Company fails to make a dividend payment as required by the Series B Certificate,
the dividend rate will be increased to for as long as such default remains ongoing and uncured. Each share of Series B also has an
 liquidation preference in the event of a liquidation, change of control event, dissolution or winding up of the Company, and ranks
senior to all other capital stock of the Company with respect thereto other than the Series C with which the Series B shares equal ranking.
Each share of Series B is entitled to vote with the Company s common stock at a rate of 300 votes per share of common stock into
which the Series B is convertible. 

In addition, for as long
as at least of the shares of Series B remain outstanding, Ault (and any transferees) must consent rights with respect to certain corporate
events, including reclassifications, fundamental transactions, stock redemptions or repurchases, increases in the number of directors,
and declarations or payment of dividends, and further the Company is subject to certain negative covenants, including covenants against
issuing additional shares of capital stock or derivative securities, incurring indebtedness, engaging in related party transactions, selling
of properties having a value of over , altering the number of directors, and discontinuing the business of any subsidiary, subject
to certain exceptions and limitations. 

The terms, rights, preferences
and limitations of the Series C are substantially the same as those of the Series B, except that the Series B holds certain additional
negative covenant and consent rights, and Series C holders vote with the Company s common stock on an as-converted basis. The Company
is required to maintain a reserve of authorized and unissued shares of common stock equal to of the shares of common stock issuable
upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, which is initially shares. 

Pending stockholder approval
of the transaction, the Series B and the Series C combined are subject to a beneficial ownership limitation. That limitation includes
shares of Series A issued to Ault on June 8, 2022 and any common stock held by Ault. Certain other rights are subject to stockholder approval
as described below. The SEA provides that the Company will seek stockholder approval following the closing. The entire transaction is
subject to compliance with Nasdaq Rules and the Series B and Series C Certificates each contain a savings clause that nothing shall violate
such Rules. Nasdaq may nonetheless disregard the savings clause. 

F- 34 

shares of common stock; and (vi) any other proposals to which the Parties shall mutually agree. In addition, pursuant to the SEA the Company
agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to effect its previously announce spin-offs of the common stock of Wolf Energy and White River
held by or issuable to the Company, use its best efforts to complete one or more financings resulting in total gross proceeds of 
on terms acceptable to Ault, and (financially support the ongoing Zest Labs litigation. The holders of the Preferred Stock will not participate
in the aforementioned spin-offs and distribution. In connection with the SEA, the Company and Ault also agreed that the net litigation
proceeds from the Zest Labs litigation that was ongoing as of November 15, 2022 would be held in a trust for the benefit of the Company s
stockholders of record as of such date. 

In connection with the
SEA, the Company also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with Ault and the Minority Shareholders pursuant to which the Company
agreed to file a registration statement on Form S-3 or Form S-1 with the SEC registering the resale by the holders of the Preferred Stock
and/or the shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock, to be initially filed within 15 days of the closing,
and to use its best efforts to cause such registration statement to be declared effective by the SEC within 45 days thereafter, subject
to certain exceptions and limitations. 

The SEA contains certain
representations and warranties made by each of the Company, Ault and the Minority Shareholders. Upon the closing, which is subject to
the closing conditions set forth in the SEA, including among other conditions the parties obtaining a fairness opinion from a national
independent valuation firm and satisfactory completion of due diligence by each of the Company and Ault, BitNile.com will continue as
a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. BitNile.com s principal business entails the development and operation of a metaverse
platform, the beta for which launched on March 1, 2023. This transaction closed on March 7, 2023. 

The Company determined that the Series B and Series
C, constituted a derivative liability under ASC 815 on the date of inception March 7, 2023. As a result of this classification, the Company
determined that on March 7, 2023 (inception), the value of the derivative liability was . 

The derivative liability for the preferred stock
Series B and Series C was remeasured at March 31, 2023 and is valued at resulting in a gain of in the change in
fair value. 

Activity related to the preferred stock derivative
liabilities for the Series B and Series C for the year ended March 31, 2023 is as follows: 

Gain on fair value at inception 

Change in fair value of preferred stock derivative liabilities 

Ending balance as of March 31, 2023 

F- 35 

shares to shares; 

(3) Elect four members to the Company s
Board of Directors for a one-year term expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders; 

(4) Ratify the selection of RBSM
LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending March 31, 2023; and 

(5) 
 Approve the adjournment of the Annual Meeting to a later date or time, if necessary, to permit further solicitation and vote of proxies if, based upon the tabulated vote at the time of the Annual Meeting, there are not sufficient votes to approve any of the other proposals before the Annual Meeting. 

BitNile Metaverse Preferred Stock 

As of March 31, 2022, there were no shares of
any series of preferred stock issued and outstanding. On June 8, 2022, as noted in Note 17, Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred
Stock , the Company issued shares of Series A, and as of March 31, 2023, there are shares of preferred stock issued and
outstanding as shares were converted into common stock in the year ended March 31, 2023. 

As of March 31, 2023, the Company has issued Series
B and Series C as noted in Note 17 and has and shares of Series B and C, respectively, outstanding, which were issued
March 7, 2023. 

BitNile Metaverse Common Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue shares
of common stock, par value which followed stockholder approval on September 9, 2022. On May 4, 2023, the Company amended their
Certificate of Incorporation for a 1-for-30 reverse stock split. The Company also reduced their authorized shares on a 1-for-30 basis
going from authorized shares down to authorized shares. All share and per share figures are reflected on a post-split
basis herein. As of March 31, 2023, the Company has shares of common stock held in escrow (valued at for the At-the-Market
agreement as discussed below. These shares are not included in our issued and outstanding common stock reflected in the Consolidated Balance
Sheet and Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit), nor are they included in our calculation of earnings
(loss) per share. 

In the three months ended June 30, 2021, the Company
issued shares of common stock which had been accrued for at March 31, 2021 in consulting fees under a contract entered into February
2, 2021. In addition, the Company issued shares of common stock for the exercise of stock options. 

In the three months ended September 30, 2021,
the Company issued shares of common stock for services, and shares issued in a registered direct offering. 

In the three months ended December 31, 2021 and
the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Company did not issue any shares of common stock. 

In the three months ended June 30, 2022, the Company
issued shares of common stock which were the commitment shares in the Ault transaction as discussed in Note 17. 

F- 36 

shares of common stock in conversion of shares of Series A. In addition, the Company issued shares
(including the shares held as treasury stock, for a net common shares) as settlement with a Trend Ventures investor. The
Company has expensed the value of per share) as a settlement expense. 

In the three months ended December 31, 2022, the
Company issued shares of common stock in conversion of shares of Series A and shares of common stock in payment of the
Series A dividend for November 2022. The Company accrued the December 2022 dividend of shares with a value of , which were
issued January 5, 2023. 

On January 24, 2023,
the Company entered into an At-The-Market ATM Issuance Sales Agreement (the Agreement with Ascendiant Capital
Markets, LLC Ascendiant ), pursuant to which the Company may issue and sell from time to time, through Ascendiant, shares
of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Shares ), with offering proceeds of up to .
The ATM was terminated on June 16, 2023 upon the achievement of the raising of approximately . 

Sales of the Shares,
if any, may be made by any method permitted by law deemed to be an at-the-market offering as defined in Rule 415 of the
Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act ), including without limitation sales made directly on or through The Nasdaq Capital
Market, the trading market for the Company s common stock, on any other existing trading market in the United States for the Company s
common stock, to or through a market maker, directly to Ascendiant as principal for its account in negotiated transactions at market prices
prevailing at the time of sale or at prices related to such prevailing market prices, in privately negotiated transactions, in block trades,
or through a combination of any such methods of sale. Ascendiant will use commercially reasonable efforts to sell on the Company s
behalf all of the Shares requested to be sold by the Company, consistent with its normal trading and sales practices, subject to the terms
of the Agreement. Under the Agreement, Ascendiant will be entitled to compensation of of the gross proceeds from the sales of the Shares
sold under the Agreement. The Company also agreed to reimburse Ascendiant for certain specified expenses, including the fees and disbursements
of its legal counsel, in an amount not to exceed as well as up to for each quarterly and annual bring-down while the Agreement
is ongoing. 

On January 23, 2023,
the Series A holder agreed to reduce its secondary offering of shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the Series A by
 in connection with the ATM offering. 

The Shares are being
offered and sold pursuant to a prospectus supplement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on January
24, 2023 and the accompanying base prospectus which is part of the Company s effective Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File
No. 333-249532) (the Registration Statement ). As of June 16, 2023, the Company had received approximately in
proceeds, of which shares for net proceeds of were issued through March 31, 2023. 

The Agreement contains
representations, warranties and covenants customary for the transactions of this kind. 

In the three months ended March 31, 2023, the
Company issued shares of common stock in payment of the Series A dividend for the December 2022, January 2023, February 2023 and
March 2023 months with a value of and issued shares of common stock for vested restricted stock units. 

As of March 31, 2023 and 2022, and 
shares of common stock were issued, respectively. 

Agora Common Stock 

On October 1, 2021, the Company purchased 
shares of Agora common stock for which Agora used to purchase equipment to commence the Bitstream operations. 

F- 37 

restricted common shares to its management, non-employee directors, employees and advisors. After issuance
of these shares, Ecoark controls approximately of Agora. 

On August 7, 2022, Agora issued shares
of common stock to its management, non-employee directors, employees and advisors. After issuance of these shares, Ecoark controls approximately
 of Agora. The future stock-based compensation related to these shares that will be measured consists of ranging from immediate
vesting through the three-year anniversary in service-based grants. These restricted common shares were measured pursuant to ASC 718-10-50
at an estimated value per share of and consist of service-based criteria only. 

Of the restricted shares of common stock
 shares of restricted stock are considered service grants and are considered performance grants. 

restricted common shares upon Agora deploying a 20 MW power contract in Texas; and restricted common shares upon the Company
deploying a 40 MW power contract in Texas. As of December 31, 2022, none of the performance criteria are probable as no contracts have
been signed as the proper funding has not been secured, therefore no compensation expense is recognized in accordance with ASC 718-10-25-20
related to the performance grants. On April 12, 2022, Agora upon board of director approval accelerated the vesting of restricted
shares for deploying a 20 MW power contract in Texas; and restricted shares for deploying a 40 MW power contract in Texas with
Agora s former Chief Financial Officer. All remaining performance grants remain unvested. 

The Company recognized in stock-based
compensation for the year ended March 31, 2023, which represented in service grants, and in the accelerated vesting
of the former CFO s grants in service-based grants and in performance grants). The unrecognized stock-based
compensation expense as of March 31, 2023 is in performance based grants and in service based grants for a total
of . 

The Company accounts for stock-based payments
in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). During the year ended
March 31, 2022, in addition to the value measured by the restricted stock grants, stock-based compensation consists primarily
of RSUs granted to a Company employee while employed by Ecoark Holdings. The Company measures compensation expense for RSUs based on the
fair value of the award on the date of grant. The grant date fair value is based on the closing market price of Ecoark Holdings 
common stock on the date of grant. 

Share-based Compensation Expense 

Share-based compensation for employees is included
in salaries and salary related costs and directors and services are included in professional fees and consulting in the consolidated statement
of operations for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

Share-based compensation for the years ended March
31, 2023 and 2022 for stock options and RSUs granted under the 2013 Incentive Stock Plan and 2017 Omnibus Incentive Stock Plan and non-qualified
stock options were and , respectively. 

There is in share-based compensation
accrued as of March 31, 2023 for BitNile Metaverse and accrued in Agora for a total of . 

The Company recorded in stock-based compensation
for warrants that were granted to two consultants of Bitnile.com. 

F- 38 

, on August 4, 2021, a then officer and director of the Company agreed to cancel stock options in exchange for
a lesser number of restricted stock units, subject to future vesting. In accordance with the restricted stock agreement, the director
was granted RSUs that vest over 12 quarterly increments, in exchange for cancelling stock options. In addition, on October
6, 2021, this officer and director received additional RSUs. The expense related to the modification of these grants is included
in the share-based compensation expense in the year ended March 31, 2022. 

Warrants 

Changes in the warrants are described in the table
below for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Cancelled 

Expired 

Ending balance 

Intrinsic value of warrants 
 -

-

Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) 

Non-Qualified Stock Options 

In 2022, the Company granted options to
consultants, board members and employees for the non-qualified stock options as well as the options granted under the 2017 Omnibus plan
below, that vest over time in service-based grants. The options were valued under the Black-Scholes model with the following criteria:
stock price range of - - ; range of exercise price - - ; expected term years; discount
rate ; and volatility average of - . 

In 2023, a total of options were cancelled. 

Changes in the non-qualified stock options are
described in the table below for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022: 

Granted 

-
 
 -

Exercised 

-
 
 -

Cancelled 

Forfeited 

-
 
 -

Ending balance 

Intrinsic value of options 
 -

-

Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) 

F- 39 

Granted 
 -

-

Options granted in exchange for shares 
 -

-

Exercised 
 -

-

Expired/Cancelled 

Forfeited 
 -

-

Ending balance 

Intrinsic value of options 
 -

Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) 

There were no service-based grants outstanding
as of March 31, 2023 and 2022. 

The Company has not granted any options or RSU s
under this plan in several years and is not intending to do so. 

2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

Under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan, the Company
may grant nonqualified stock options, incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance
shares, performance units, and other awards. Awards of up to shares of common stock to Company employees, officers, directors,
consultants and advisors are authorized for issuance under the 2017 Omnibus Incentive Plan. The type of grant, vesting provisions, exercise
price and expiration dates are to be established by the Board at the date of grant. 

Granted 

-
 
 -

Shares modified to options 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 
 -

-

Cancelled 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited 
 
 -

-

Ending balance 

Intrinsic value of options 
 -

Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Years) 

There were and service-based RSUs
outstanding as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

For all plans, share-based compensation costs
of approximately for grants not yet recognized will be recognized as expense through June 2024 subject to any changes for actual
versus estimated forfeitures. 

F- 40 

million in damages (subsequently reduced to million)
which includes million in compensatory damages (subsequently reduced to million) and million in punitive damages and found
Walmart Inc. liable on three claims. The federal jury found that Walmart Inc. misappropriated Zest Labs trade secrets, failed
to comply with a written contract, and acted willfully and maliciously in misappropriating Zest Labs trade secrets. We expect
Walmart to continue to vigorously defend the litigation and to oppose the verdict in post-trial motions and an appeal. The Company has
filed post-trial motions to add an award for its attorneys fees as the prevailing party in the litigation. In addition to
other post-trial motions, Walmart, Inc. has filed a renewed motion for judgment as a matter of law or, in the alternative, for remittitur
or a new trial. As of the date of this Report, the court has allowed post-trial discovery but has not ruled on the motion for new trial. 

On September 21, 2021, Ecoark Holdings and Zest Labs filed a complaint against Deloitte Consulting, LLP Deloitte in the Eight Judicial District Court in Clark County, Nevada. The complaint was for violation of the Nevada Uniform Trade Secret Act and was also seeking a preliminary and permanent injunction, attorney s fees, and punitive damages. Zest Labs began working with Deloitte in 2016, in a confidential matter in a pilot program that Zest Labs had been engaged for by Walmart. Zest Labs engaged in significant discussions, presentations, demonstrations, and information downloads with Deloitte who specifically acknowledged that this information was confidential. In June 2023, this case was dismissed. 

On April 22, 2022, BitStream Mining and Ecoark Holdings were sued in Travis County, Texas District Court (Docket #79176-0002) by Print Crypto Inc. in the amount of for failure to pay for equipment purchased to operate BitStream Mining s Bitcoin mining operation. The defendants intend to vigorously defend themselves and have filed counterclaims in the 353 rd Judicial District in Travis County, Texas on May 6, 2022 for fraudulent inducement, breach of contract, and for payment of attorney s fees and costs. The Company provided additional documents to our attorneys on October 7, 2022, and there is no update since then. The Company has accrued the full amount of the claim in its consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2023. 

On July 15, 2022, BitStream Mining and two of their Management were parties to a petition filed in Ward County District Court by 1155 Distributor Partners-Austin, LLC d/b/a Lonestar Electric Supply in the amount of for failure to pay for equipment purchased to operate the Company s Bitcoin mining operation. The Company filed a petition to remove one of its Management from the claim in December 2022, and there is no update since then. The Company has accrued the full amount of the claim in its consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2023. 

On October 17, 2022, BitStream Mining was a party to a petition filed in Ward County District Court by VA Electrical Contractors, LLC in the amount of for failure to pay for equipment purchased to operate the Company s Bitcoin mining operation. The Company s registered agent was served with this lawsuit on January 3, 2023, the Company answered the claim in January, and is in process of supplying documents for discovery. The Company has accrued the full amount of the claim in its consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2023. 

In the opinion of management, there are no legal
matters involving us that would have a material adverse effect upon the Company s financial condition, results of operations or
cash flows. 

F- 41 

In the letter, the Company
was provided 45 calendar days from the date of the letter, or until February 10, 2023, to submit a plan to regain compliance with the
referenced Listing Rules, and if such plan is accepted by Nasdaq, the Company can receive an extension of up to 180 calendar days from
the date of the letter to evidence compliance. However, if the Company s plan is not accepted by Nasdaq, or is not sufficiently
executed to regain compliance and remedy the matters set forth in the letter, the Company s Common Stock will be subject to delisting.
In connection with the letter the Company was also requested certain documents and information related to its sale of White River. 

In connection with the
December 27 th letter, the Company was also requested to provide certain documents and information related to its sale of White
River, including as it pertains to the in preferred stock value being carried on the Company s balance sheet as consideration
for the sale of the entity. According to the correspondence, the request was made under Listing Rule 5250 which provides that a listed
company will provide Nasdaq with requested information deemed necessary to make a determination regarding such company s continued
listing. 

Further, on December
30, 2022, the Company received another letter from the Nasdaq notifying the Company of its noncompliance with Listing Rule 5550(a)(2)
by failing to maintain a minimum bid price for its Common Stock of at least per share for 30 consecutive business days and providing
the Company with a 180 calendar day grace period to regain compliance with the Listing Rule 5550(a)(2), subject to a potential 180 calendar
day extension, as described below. To regain compliance, the Company s Common Stock must have a minimum closing bid price of at
least per share for at least 10 consecutive business days within the grace period which ends on June 28, 2023. To qualify for the
additional grace period, the Company will be required to meet the continued listing requirement for the market value of its publicly held
shares and all other initial listing standards for The Nasdaq Capital Market, with the exception of the bid price requirement, and will
need to provide written notice of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second grace period, by effecting a reverse stock split
if necessary, which would also require stockholder approval unless completed with a proportionate reduction in our authorized Common Stock
under our Articles of Incorporation. 

On January 26, 2023,
Nasdaq sent an email to the Company raising 13 questions concerning the White River transaction, White River s business, seeking
verification that the Company had in fact transferred million to White River last July and questioning the time allocations of the
two senior executive officers of the Company and White River, among other things. The Company responded on February 15, 2023. 

F- 42 

shares of the Series B, and (ii) shares of the Series
C in connection with the acquisition of BitNile.com, Inc. as well as the securities of Earnity, Inc. beneficially owned by BitNile.com
(collectively, the Assets pursuant to the SEA by and among the Company, Ault Alliance, Inc. and the minority stockholders
of BitNile.com, which was previously disclosed on Current Reports on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 14, 2023 and March 10,
2023. The Series B and C Preferred Stock has a collective stated value of (the Stated Value ), and votes on
an as-converted basis, representing approximately of the Company s outstanding voting power on a fully diluted basis at the
time of issuance. 

According to the Letter,
because the Preferred Stock was not issued for cash, the Staff compared the value of the Assets to the Stated Value and determined that
the value of the Assets was less than the Stated Value and that the voting rights attributable to the Series B and C Preferred Stock has
the effect of disparately reducing the voting rights of the Company s existing shareholders. The Staff looked at the total assets
and stockholders equity of BitNile.com as of March 5, 2023, as well as the market capitalization of Ault Alliance, Inc. prior to
entering into the Agreement and immediately after closing of the transaction in determining, in Staff s opinion, the value of the
Assets. The Letter did not make any reference to the projections prepared by Ault Alliance, Inc. as to the future potential of the business
of BitNile.com nor to the independent valuation obtained by the Company prior to closing of the transaction, which supported the Stated
Value of the Preferred Stock for the total value of the Assets, both of which the Company provided to the Staff prior to receipt of the
Letter. 

According to the Letter,
Nasdaq determined that the voting rights of the Series B and C Preferred Stock, voting on an as-converted basis, are below the minimum
price per share of the Company s common stock at the time of the issuance of the Series B and C Preferred Stock. Additionally, Nasdaq
determined that the Series B provides the holder the right to appoint a majority of the Company s board of directors when such representation
is not justified by the relative contribution of the Series B pursuant to the Agreement. 

Under the Voting Rights
Rule, a company cannot create a new class of security that votes at a higher rate than an existing class of securities or take any other
action that has the effect of restricting or reducing the voting rights of an existing class of securities. As such, according to the
Letter, the issuance of the Series B and C Preferred Stock violated the Voting Rights Rule because the holders of the Series B and C Preferred
Stock are entitled to vote on an as-converted basis, thus having greater voting rights than holders of common stock, and the Series B
is entitled to a disproportionate representation on the Company s board of directors. 

According to the Letter,
the Company has 45 calendar days from the date of the Letter, or until August 7, 2023, to submit a plan to regain compliance with the
Voting Rights Rule, and if such plan is accepted by Nasdaq, the Company can receive an extension of up to 180 calendar days from the date
of the Letter to evidence compliance. However, if the Company s plan is not accepted by Nasdaq, the Company s common stock
will be subject to delisting. The Company would have the right to appeal that decision to a hearings panel. 

F- 43 

Preferred stock derivative liabilities 
 -
 
 -

Bitcoin 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Investment White River Energy Corp 
 -
 
 -

March 31, 2022 

Warrant derivative liabilities 
 -
 
 -

Bitcoin 
 
 -
 
 -

F- 44 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation included in earnings 

Reclassification from mezzanine equity 

Recognition of derivative liability at inception on Series B and C Preferred Stock 

Gain on derivative at inception of amendment 

Net change in investment White River Energy Corp 

Purchases 

Sales/conversions to equity 

Ending balance 

The balances in the derivative liabilities are
net of which is related to Series A preferred shares to be redeemed. 

The table below shows a reconciliation of the
beginning and ending liabilities measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) for the year ended March 31, 2022: 

Net change in unrealized (depreciation) appreciation included in earnings 

Recognition of derivative liability at inception on registered direct offering 

Recognition of derivative liability on warrants granted for commissions and interest 

Ending balance 

. Upon the election by the Company to extend the lease for additional years, that election will
be treated as a lease modification and the lease will be reviewed for re-measurement. 

The Company has chosen to implement this standard
using the modified retrospective model approach with a cumulative-effect adjustment, which does not require the Company to adjust the
comparative periods presented when transitioning to the new guidance. The Company has also elected to utilize the transition related practical
expedients permitted by the new standard. The modified retrospective approach provides a method for recording existing leases at adoption
and in comparative periods that approximates the results of a modified retrospective approach. Adoption of the new standard did not result
in an adjustment to retained earnings for the Company. 

As of March 31, 2023, the value of the unamortized
lease right of use asset is (through maturity at October 31, 2026). As of March 31, 2023, the Company s lease liability
was . 

Maturity of lease liability for the operating leases for the period ended March 31, 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Imputed interest 

Total lease liability 

Non-current portion 

Amortization of the right of use asset for the period ended March 31, 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

F- 45 

to
the Company through March 31, 2020, under the terms of notes payable that bears interest at rates ranging between and interest
per annum. These notes along with all accrued interest were repaid in August 2021. 

The Company made periodic loans to Agora to permit
it to begin its Bitcoin mining business. On November 13, 2021, Agora issued the Company a million term note which accrues
 per annum interest and was due March 31, 2023. The line of credit was established prior to the pending spin-out of Agora. Now that
Agora will remain in BitNile Metaverse, this term note has been cancelled (effective March 31, 2023), and the amounts due from Agora are
considered intercompany advances and are eliminated in the consolidation. 

In the acquisition of Bitnile.com, the Company
assumed in advances to the former parent of Bitnile.com. In the period March 6, 2023 through March 31, 2023, an additional
 was advanced to Bitnile.com and remains outstanding at March 31, 2023. 

State income taxes at statutory rate 

Permanent differences and one-time adjustments 

True-up impact 

Change in valuation allowance 

Totals 

The following is a summary of the net deferred
tax asset (liability) as of March 31, 2023 and 2022: 

Accrued expenses 

Stock options 

ROU Liability 

Intangibles Oil and Gas Properties 
 -

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Intangible assets 
 -

ROU Assets 

Other 
 -

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets/liabilities 
 -
 
 -

The Federal net operating loss at March 31, 2023
is . There is also state net operating losses carryforwards of in Arizona, in Louisiana, in
Mississippi and in Arkansas. Out of the federal net operating loss carryforward will begin to expire
in 2024 and will have an indefinite life. After consideration of all the evidence, both positive and negative, Management has
recorded a full valuation allowance at March 31, 2023, due to the uncertainty of realizing the deferred income tax assets. 

F- 46 

The Company has not identified any uncertain tax
positions and has not received any notices from tax authorities. 

million (the Amounts ), and White
River agreed to accept the Amounts as payment of Ault s million payable to White River from Ault s exercise of participation
rights in oil and gas exploration and drilling ventures which White River granted Ault in connection with its acquisition of White River
Holdings Corp. in July 2022. The parties agreed that the Amounts will be treated as a credit to the sums owed to White River, and the
Company and Ault agreed that in lieu of repayment of the Amounts advanced to White River, Ault will permit the Company to redeem shares
of the Company s Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock (the Series A held by Ault by dividing the Amounts
by the stated value of such shares, or one share of Series A for each advanced to White River. The redemption cannot occur
until the previously announced spin-offs by the Company of shares of common stock of White River and Wolf Energy Services Inc. occur which
would permit Ault to receive its full dividends thereunder. 

On
April 27, 2023, the Company sold million of principal face amount senior secured convertible notes with an original issue discount
to sophisticated investors for gross proceeds to the company of million. The notes mature on April 27, 2024 and are secured by all
of the assets of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, including BitNile.com. 

On May 8, 2023, the Company received a letter
from the Listing Qualifications staff (the Staff of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq notifying the Company
that the Staff has determined to delist the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock from The Nasdaq Capital Market, effective May 17, 2023, pursuant to Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A)(iii), as the Company s common stock
traded below per share for 10 consecutive trading days. 

F- 47 

On May 26, 2023, the
Company received a letter from Nasdaq stating that the Company s bid price deficiency had been cured, and that the Company was in
compliance with all applicable listing standards. 

On
June 5, 2023, the Company entered into a purchase agreement (the ELOC Purchase Agreement with Arena Business Results, LLC Arena ), which provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions and limitations set forth therein, we have the
right to direct Arena to purchase up to an aggregate of of shares of our common stock over the 36-month term of the ELOC
Purchase Agreement. Under the ELOC Purchase Agreement, after the satisfaction of certain commencement conditions, including, without limitation,
the effectiveness of the Registration Statement (as defined in the ELOC Purchase Agreement), we have the right to present Arena with an
advance notice (each, an Advance Notice directing Arena to purchase any amount up to the Maximum Advance Amount (as described
below). 

On
June 9, 2023, Plaintiffs Ecoark Holdings, and Zest Labs, and Defendant, Deloitte, filed a stipulation and order to dismiss Case No. A-21-841379-B
in the District Court of Clark County, Nevada with prejudice. The parties agreed to resolve their differences amicably and the case has
been dismissed. As a result of this dismissal, the Company does not anticipate realizing any proceeds, whether deemed significant or insignificant,
which would result in a distribution of net proceeds to shareholders of record as of November 15, 2022. 

On
June 16, 2023, the Company terminated the ATM upon achievement of the raising of approximately . We issued a total of ,
including subsequent to March 31, 2023. 

On June 21, 2023, the
Company received a letter (the Letter from the Listing Qualifications staff (the Staff of the Nasdaq Stock
Market LLC Nasdaq notifying the Company that the Staff has determined that the Company has violated Nasdaq s voting
rights rule set forth in Listing Rule 5640 (the Voting Rights Rule ). The alleged violation of the Voting Rights Rule relates
to the issuance of (i) shares of newly designated Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Series B ),
and (ii) shares of newly designated Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company (the Series C, and together
with the Series B, the Preferred Stock in connection with the acquisition of BitNile.com, Inc. BitNile as well as the securities of Earnity, Inc. beneficially owned by BitNile (collectively, the Assets pursuant to the Share
Exchange Agreement (the Agreement by and among the Company, Ault Alliance, Inc. AAI and the minority stockholders
of BitNile, which was previously disclosed on Current Reports on Form 8-K filed by the Company on February 14, 2023 and March 10, 2023.
The Preferred Stock has a collective stated value of (the Stated Value ), and votes on an as-converted basis,
representing approximately of the Company s outstanding voting power on a fully diluted basis at the time of issuance. According
to the Letter, the Company has 45 calendar days from the date of the Letter, or until August 7, 2023, to submit a plan to regain compliance
with the Voting Rights Rule, and if such plan is accepted by Nasdaq, the Company can receive an extension of up to 180 calendar days from
the date of the Letter to evidence compliance. However, if the Company s plan is not accepted by Nasdaq, the Company s common
stock will be subject to delisting. The Company would have the right to appeal that decision to a hearings panel. 

F-48 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 f10k2023ex4-7_bitnilemet.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK

Exhibit 4.7 

DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 

The following
is a summary of all material characteristics of our capital stock as set forth in our articles of incorporation and bylaws. The summary
does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our articles of incorporation and bylaws, and to the
provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes, as amended. 

We are authorized to issue 3,333,333 shares of
common stock, par value 0.001 per share. As of July 10, 2023, there were 2,522,816 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding.
The outstanding shares of our common stock are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. 

We are authorized to issue up to 5,000,000 shares
of preferred stock, par value 0.001 per share. Of these shares of preferred stock, 1,200 shares are designated as Series A Convertible
Redeemable Preferred Stock, 1,200 shares are designated as Series B Convertible Preferred Stock and 2,500 shares are designated as Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock. As of July 10, 2023, there were 882 shares of Series A Convertible Redeemable Preferred Stock outstanding,
8,637.5 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding and 1,362.5 shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding. 

Common Stock 

Holders of our shares of common stock are entitled
to one vote for each share on all matters submitted to a shareholder vote. Holders of our common stock do not have cumulative voting rights.
Therefore, holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock voting for the election of directors can elect all of the directors.
Holders of our common stock representing a majority of the voting power of our capital stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote,
represented in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any meeting of shareholders. A vote by the holders of a majority
of our outstanding shares is required to effectuate certain fundamental corporate changes such as liquidation, merger or an amendment
to our articles of incorporation. 

Holders of our common stock are entitled to share
in all dividends that our Board of Directors, in its discretion, declares from legally available funds. In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up, each outstanding share entitles its holder to participate pro rata in all assets that remain after payment
of liabilities and after providing for each class of stock, if any, having preference over our common stock. Our common stock has no preemptive,
subscription or conversion rights and there are no redemption provisions applicable to our common stock. 

Preferred Stock 

The shares of preferred stock may be issued in
series, and shall have such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such designations, preferences and relative participating,
optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated and expressed in the resolution
or resolutions providing for the issuance of such stock adopted from time to time by the board of directors. The board of directors is
expressly vested with the authority to determine and fix in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuances of preferred stock
the voting powers, designations, preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, of each such series
to the full extent now or hereafter permitted by the laws of the State of Nevada. 

The authorized shares of preferred stock will
be available for issuance without further action by our stockholders unless such action is required by applicable law or the rules of
any stock exchange or automated quotation system on which our securities may be listed or traded. The Nasdaq Stock Market currently requires
stockholder approval as a prerequisite to listing shares in several circumstances, including, in certain circumstances, where the issuance
of shares could result in an increase in the number of shares of common stock outstanding, or in the amount of voting securities outstanding,
of at least 20 . 

Transfer Agent 

We have appointed Pacific Stock Transfer Company
as our transfer agent. Their contact information is: 6725 Via Austi Pkwy, Suite 300 Las Vegas, Nevada 89119. 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2023ex21-1_bitnilemet.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

The following are the subsidiaries of the Company as of March 31, 2023: 

Bitnile.com, Inc. 100 

 Ecoark, Inc., 100 

 Zest Labs, Inc., 100 

 Agora Digital Holdings, Inc., 89 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2023ex23-1_bitnilemet.htm
 CONSENT OF RBSM LLP

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

We consent to the
incorporation by reference in Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-249532, No. 333-255004 and No. 333-255527) of BitNile Metaverse,
Inc. and subsidiaries (formerly Ecoark Holdings, Inc.) (the Company of our report dated July 14, 2023 which includes
an explanatory paragraph as substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, ,
relating to the consolidated financial statements, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended March
31, 2023. 

/s/ RBSM LLP 

New York, New York 

 July 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2023ex31-1_bitnilemet.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to 240.13a- 14 or 240.
15d- 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

I, Randy S. May, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 of BitNile Metaverse, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
controls over financial reporting. 

Date: July 14, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Randy S. May 

Name: 
 Randy S. May 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2023ex31-2_bitnilemet.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to 240.13a- 14 or 240.
15d- 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

I, Jay Puchir, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 2023 of BitNile Metaverse, Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have: 

a) designed
such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) designed
such internal controls over financial reporting, or caused such internal controls over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent function): 

a) all
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
controls over financial reporting. 

Date: July 14, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Jay Puchir 

Name: 
 Jay Puchir 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2023ex32-1_bitnilemet.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of BitNile Metaverse, Inc. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Randy S. May, Principal Executive Officer, and I, Jay Puchir,
Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of the Registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Registrant. 

Date: July 14, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Randy S. May 

Name: 
 Randy S. May 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: July 14, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Jay Puchir 

Name: 
 Jay Puchir 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 bnmv-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 bnmv-20230331_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 bnmv-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 bnmv-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 bnmv-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

