<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230714_10-K_edgar_data_1496690_0001493152-23-024569.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>28406988</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>206975</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>24913299</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1214649</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>866523</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1106294</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-024569.hdr.sgml : 20230714
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230714144529
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-024569
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230714
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230714

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BlueOne Card, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001496690
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				260478989
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56060
		FILM NUMBER:		231088857

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3609 HAMMERKOP DR.
		CITY:			NORTH LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89084
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(415) 841-3570

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3609 HAMMERKOP DR.
		CITY:			NORTH LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89084

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Manneking, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20191115

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TBSS International, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111118

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Avenue South Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100714

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-024569.txt : 20230714

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Year Ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 

(State
 or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation
 or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , , 

(Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant
to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and
post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 
 Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, computed by reference to the price at which the common
equity was last sold and issued, was on September 30, 2022. 

The
number of shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value, of the registrant outstanding at July 14, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

BLUEONE
CARD, INC. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 4 
 
 ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 4 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 8 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 24 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 24 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 24 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 24 
 
 PART II 
 
 25 
 
 ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 25 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 25 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 26 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 32 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 34 
 
 ITEM
 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 34 
 
 PART III 
 
 34 
 
 ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 34 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 36 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 39 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 39 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 39 
 
 PART IV 
 
 40 
 
 ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 40 
 
 ITEM
 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 40 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 41 

In
this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report ), unless otherwise stated or as the context otherwise requires,
references to BlueOne Card, Inc., BlueOne , the Company , we , 
 us , our and similar references refer to BlueOne Card, Inc., a Nevada corporation formerly known
as Avenue South Ltd., TBSS International, Inc., or Manneking Inc. . Our logo and other trademarks
or service marks of the Company appearing in this Annual Report are the property of BlueOne Card, Inc. This Annual Report also contains
registered marks, trademarks, and trade names of other companies. All other trademarks, registered marks, and trade names appearing in
this Annual Report are the property of their respective holders. 

2 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Industry Data 

This
Annual Report, in particular, Part II Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations, contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements represent our expectations, beliefs, intentions, or strategies concerning
future events, including, but not limited to, any statements regarding our assumptions about financial performance; the continuation
of historical trends; the sufficiency of our cash balances for future liquidity and capital resource needs; the expected impact of changes
in accounting policies on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows; anticipated problems and our plans for future
operations; and the economy in general or the future of the defense industry, all of which were subject to various risks and uncertainties. 

When
used in this Annual Report and other reports, statements, and information we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission Commission 
or SEC ), in our press releases, presentations to securities analysts or investors, in oral statements made by or
with the approval of an executive officer, the words or phrases believes, may, expects, should, 
 continue, anticipates, intends, will likely result, estimates, 
 projects or similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. However,
any statements contained in this Annual Report that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements.
These statements are only predictions. All forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report are based on information available
to us on the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements. Any or all of our forward-looking
statements in this document may turn out to be wrong. Actual events or results may differ materially. Our forward-looking statements
can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors. 

This
Annual Report also contains estimates, projections, and other information concerning our industry, our business, and the markets for
certain diseases, including data regarding the estimated size of those markets, and the incidence and prevalence of certain medical conditions.
Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research, or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties
and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise
expressly stated, we obtained this industry, business, market, and other data from reports, research surveys, studies, and similar data
prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data, and similar sources. 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 

Overview 

BlueOne
Card Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), through our relationship with our program manager, EndlessOne Global,
Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Program Manager ), is a reseller of an all-in-one prepaid, branded card to be issued
by the Program Manager which we believe has numerous user benefits. We are aiming to provide innovative pay out solutions and prepaid
cards to consumers. Unlike other prepaid card distributors and companies, we specifically aim to target those customers who are
unbanked, or non-bankable, and who have needs crossing international borders. The Program Manager s platform has been recently
completed, is in the beta-testing stage, and is not yet fully-functioning. 

According
to the data from the Federal Reserve, there are an estimated 55 million adults residing in the U.S. who are unbanked or underbanked. 1
 This means that about 17 of the entire U.S. population has difficulties utilizing the standard banking system. This is our target
group customers. Through our relationship with the Program Manager, we will earn our revenues mostly through commissions derived
from monthly fees charged to customers to the Program Manager provided by us for the issued general purpose reloadable prepaid card,
reloading fees, ATM withdrawal fees, and card to card money transaction fees. We will be acting as an independent sales representative
of the Program Manager and we will not receive revenue from customer contracts, which will be executed with the Program Manager. 

To
date, we have generated nominal revenues from our planned business and our business is in a development stage. The Program
Manager s platform is not fully functional and only nominal revenues have been derived from the sales of prepaid debit and
gift cards. Once the Program manager s platform is fully-functional, we anticipate deriving revenues from processing
fees. 

We
are currently headquartered in Newport Beach, California. 

Background 

BlueOne
Card, Inc. (formerly known as Avenue South Ltd., TBSS International, Inc., or Manneking Inc. was incorporated on July 6, 2007 under the laws of the State of Nevada. We started our business as a retailer and importer of domestic
home furnishings from Hong Kong. On September 30, 2011, we changed our name to TBSS International, Inc., and got engaged in gold mining
and drilling and general construction. 

On
April 26, 2019, Corporate Compliance, LLC filed a re-application for custodianship pursuant to Nevada Revenue Statute NRS 78.347. The
Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada granted custodianship of TBSS International, Inc. to Corporate Compliance, LLC.
On October 15, 2019, we changed our name to Manneking Inc., and then to BlueOne Card, Inc. on June 30, 2020. 

On
October 15, 2019, we executed a 1 for 100 reverse stock-split. On June 30, 2020, we also executed a 1 for 100 reverse stock-split with
a Certificate of Change, and changed our trading symbol to BCRD. We filed a FINRA corporate action pursuant to FINRA Rule
6490 which was announced on the Daily List as of July 23, 2020. 

We
were a Reporting Issuer subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act from November
2, 2010, upon the effectiveness of the Registration Statement on Form S-1, until we suspended our reporting obligations on May 29, 2019
through the filing of a Form 15. 

1 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unbanked#:~:text=The 20unbanked 20in 20the 20United 20States,-The 20unbanked 20are text=The 20Federal 20Reserve 20estimated 20there,state 20Mississippi 2C 20at 2016.4 25 

4 

EndlessOne
Global, Inc. 

EndlessOne
Global Inc. (the EndlessOne ), is an International Payment Card Issuer, Processor and a Banking Software company
whose platform is still in the beta-testing stage . EndlessOne plans to have ambassadors and card experts available around
the world 24/7 to serve and provide its client/customers with the next generation of card and banking software. EndlessOne is ushering
in a new kind of debit card, one with comprehensive services and instant upfront reward packages. As an eWallet provider creating all
different types of debit cards that are used every day, EndlessOne will focus on driving digital commerce with eWallet software which
works for all people. The easy-to-use eWallet will allow the banked or unbanked customer the ability and freedom to manage their money. 

Reseller
Agreement with EndlessOne Global, Inc. 

Effective
August 15, 2020, we entered into an Authorized Reseller Agreement with the Program Manager (the Reseller Agreement pursuant to which we have agreed to be a reseller or an independent sales representative of the Program Manager and its products, and
the Program Manager has agreed to support our reselling efforts. The Reseller Agreement does not provide exclusivity and there are no
volume sales requirements pertaining to our reselling efforts. 

Our
duties under the Reseller Agreement are to use our best efforts to promote and market the products of the Program Manager including,
but not limited to: providing the first introduction of the products to prospective customers, conducting the preliminary qualification
of prospective customers for the products of the Program Manager, conducting sales presentations and obtaining commitments from prospects,
and distribution of the Program Manager s collateral materials, as appropriate. 

The
term of the Reseller Agreement is for 24 months. The Reseller Agreement is renewable by mutual consent of each of the parties for one-year
terms unless either party provides written notice to the other party at least 90 days prior to the termination of the term of the Reseller
Agreement. The Reseller Agreement may be terminated by either party upon a material breach of either party with the non-breaching party
providing written notice to the breaching party and the breach remaining uncured with 60 days of the notice. The Reseller Agreement may
also be terminated by either party by written notice if either party ceases to carry on as a going concern, becomes the object of the
institution of voluntary or involuntary proceedings in bankruptcy, insolvency, or liquidation, makes an assignment for the benefit of
creditors, or if a receiver is appointed with respect to all or a substantial part of its assets. 

On
August 1, 2022, we entered into Amendment No. 1 to the Reseller Agreement which extended the termination date of the Reseller Agreement
to August 14, 2024. 

Service
Agreement with EndlessOne Global, Inc. 

On
September 1, 2020, we entered into a Service Agreement with the Program Manager whereby, the Program Manager agreed to provide data processing,
transaction processing, software development and related services in connection with our customers accounts. The Program Manager agreed to provide,
subject to the applicable approvals of the networks, for completion of the initial start-up within 120 days
of receiving the full due diligence requirement by the bank and the Program Manager, or at a date as may be mutually agreed upon by the Program manager
and us. This agreement is effective from September 1, 2020 and will extend for five processing years, and thereafter, the term will
be automatically renewed for one year periods unless terminated by either party with written notice of 180 days
following the completion of the original term. 

We
agreed to use all reasonable resources, including the assignment of adequate personnel to assure timely performance of those functions
required by us under the start-up, and comply with all reasonable directions of the Program Manager so as to enable start-up to be completed on
or before the scheduled start-up date. We agreed to pay any required start-up, set-up and/or implementation fees, any costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the start-up of card programs for our customers and software development under this agreement. 

During
the term of this agreement, we agreed to conduct our business and make all undertakings reasonable or necessary in order that we may
be eligible for sponsorship by a sponsor bank member of the networks, STAR and/or any association. 

We
agreed to pay the Program Manager the processing fees as set forth in this agreement. The Program Manager reserves the right to modify charges for services,
add, delete or modify services from time to time in its sole discretion. Any changes made by the Program Manager with respect to processing fees
within the initial two year term must be mutually agreeable, excluding special fees or other third-party costs. 

The Program Manager
shall provide us with prepaid debt and gift cards of requested quantity, create a range of prepaid debit accounts, using banking identification
numbers provided to the Program Manager by our issuing bank and produce and deliver plastic card production tape media, including personal identification
number (PIN) generation for the range of created prepaid debit accounts. Upon the first loading of value to a prepaid debit account,
the Program Manager will create and activate a cardholder account on the Program Manager s system, and create linkage between the cardholder account on EndlessOne
system and our cardholder aggregate settlement account at our issuing bank. 

We
agreed to pay for all new programming outside the scope listed in this agreement such as but not limited to mobile apps, websites back
office and the integrations with the sponsoring banks and processors as we go. We agreed to pay a one-time fee of 250,000 to initiate
the process to establish one banking identification number, including the program setup, integration, API connection and implementation
process required to bring the program live. 

On
September 15, 2020, we made a deposit of 100,000 for software development to the Program Manager towards programming and designing our
prepaid debit and gift cards with our card design and logo. 

On
February 8, 2021, we paid 49,313 to the Program Manager towards purchase 10,000 prepaid debit cards. On July
7, 2021, August 30, 2021 and April 4, 2022, we made additional payments of 5,000, 
 12,193 and 28,700 to our Program Manager for enhancing and developing new software applications for our prepaid cards. On
November 4, 2021, February 22, 2022, and March 4, 2022, we purchased 5,000 cards, 2,000 cards, and 30,000 additional cards from our
Program Manager and paid 42,450, 17,900 and 60,000, respectively. Since inception, we have sold 14,500 prepaid debit cards to our
customers. 

The
Program Manager s Unique Platform 

We
believe the Program Manager will provide a unique platform different from other competitors. Unlike many other institutions and
companies who only do card-to-card transfer domestically, the Program Manager s prepaid debit and gift cards will instantly
transfers money from card-to-card across the border through a mobile application. Consumers who receive the card-to-card transfer
will easily be able to cash out the money at any Automated Teller Machine ATM in the world. Thus, using the
Program Manager s platform, consumers will save time, as well as enjoy reasonable foreign exchange rate cost. 

Principal
Products and Services 

The
Program Manager offers prepaid, branded cards that provide consumer benefits such as no overdraft fees, no interest fees, virtual bank
accounts, and free direct deposit. We act as a reseller of the Program Manager s prepaid, branded cards pursuant to the Reseller
Agreement. 

5 

Some
of the benefits of the Program Manager s prepaid, branded cards will be as follows: 

The
 mobile application is functional now for iOS devices (Apple), android, and windows (Microsoft). 

The
 Program Manager provides a Global Remittance Network GRN meaning that it will connect any proprietary accounts
 or card systems to other systems worldwide. 

Free
 checking account and check books. 

We
 intend to resell the Program Manager s prepaid, branded cards to liquor stores throughout the U.S. and online at www.blueonecard.com
 as well. 

The
 Program Manager s prepaid, branded cards provides a Dynamic Card Verification Value CVV function. 

The
 Program Manger s prepaid, branded cards access are lock and unlocked with Sensor Assisted Flight Envelope SAFE technology. Consumers will also instantly be able to lock and unlock the cards via text Short Message Service SMS ). 

The
 Program Manager provides a free checking account. 

We
 believe checks will be able to be directly deposited via the Program Manager s mobile application. 

Market
Strategy 

Currently,
without the Program Manager s prepaid, branded cards, numerous of those users who are unbanked or underbanked, use methods such
as Western Union, or its mobile application, in order to send and receive funds to and from others, especially if it is an international
money transfer and non-domestic. This makes the user s experience more complicated as cashing in checks and paying bills become
a lot more costly and also very time consuming. Also, other ordinary prepaid debit cards may charge very high fees. 

In
comparison, we believe the Program Manager s prepaid, branded cards will be safer than cash, more convenient than checks, and
very easy to obtain through liquor stores or online, which are the principal methods we intend to resell the cards. Not only this,
there are also no troubles with exchange rates, and transfers being cancelled or rejected after days unlike using other financial
service companies. With the Program Manager s prepaid, branded cards, high cash checking fees will be eliminated, and direct
deposit can be made to save the consumer s time and money. Also, with its global remittance network provided by the Program
Manager, the Program Manager s prepaid, branded cards connect proprietary accounts or card systems to other systems in any
parts of the world. 

Distribution
of Products and Services 

Looking
solely at other prepaid card competitors located in big grocery stores such as Walmart, Target, etc., we aim to differentiate ourselves
from them by targeting liquor stores across the U.S. for distribution of the Program Manager s prepaid, branded cards. The reason
for this is that we believe that many of the unbanked with lower income users access liquor stores more frequently than the larger stores.
Not only this, we anticipate that setting up a money loading system in liquor stores will save time in the lives of most consumers. 

According
to industry data, we believe there are approximately 34,000 liquor stores currently in the U.S. and we initially intend to target up
to 7,000 of those stores for distribution of the Program Manager s prepaid, branded cards. We resell the Program Manager s
prepaid, branded cards through our website. If we are able to distribute the Program Manager s prepaid, branded cards to these
stores throughout the U.S. under the terms of the Reseller Agreement, we estimate our revenues would be extensive. We believe that the
Program Manager s prepaid, branded card will be very affordable compared to the traditional alternatives. The reasons for this
are as follows: 

6 

World
Safest Card Security Suite 

Lock
 and Unlock SAFE Technology allows cardholders to instantly lock and unlock their cards via SMS or Cardholder online Portal.
 Cardholders can personalize the lock feature for ATM, POS, withdrawals, transfers, recurring payments, auto-lock and more. 

Dynamic
 CVV Technology Dynamic CVV Technology SAFE Technology empowers cardholders to easily change their CVV code for one-time use.
 Through mobile authorization, SAFE Technology offers the most secure armored layer of security available for cardholders. 

Global
Remittance Network GRN 

GRN
 is a worldwide remittance messaging system, an any-to-any switch that connects any proprietary account or card system
 to other systems in the world. 

This
 remittance network can link card to card, regardless of Network, account to account, including a credit or debit card to account. 

Initial
 customer acquisition is based on leveraging and empowering existing card portfolios and global business relationships in both sending
 and receiving countries. 

GRN
 operates within a closed loop of banks, accounts, card, or wallet programs. 

Participants
 in the GRM Network will share in the margins generated out of the transaction fees. 

We
believe that we will be able to enter into distribution agreements with liquor store owners to distribute the Program Manager s
prepaid, branded card in their respective stores due to the fact that we believe it will greatly increase traffic to the respective stores
due to demand for the card. With heavier traffic, we believe there will be increased sales in each liquor store as numerous people will
walk in to load money and purchase GPR prepaid cards. We believe this will also benefit the store owner as there will be increased premium
later on for the store itself. Thus, there will be an exchange of benefit between the multitude of liquor stores throughout the U.S.
that we intend to target and our Company. 

Marketing
of Products and Services 

We
market the Program Manager s products and services through an extensive network of sales representatives and through our website,
 www.blueonecard.com . 

Intellectual
Property 

All
intellectual property required for the operation of our business is provided through our relationship with the Program Manager. 

Employees 

As
of July 14, 2023, we had one employee, Mr. James Koh, our Chief Executive Officer CEO ), who is also a full-time
employee. 

On
December 1, 2020, we entered into an Employment Agreement with James Koh, our President and CEO. The terms of the agreement are stated
in PART III, Item 11 Executive Compensation section. 

At
any given time, we will also engage 2-5 independent contractors. 

7 

Competition 

Our
core business includes the offering of the Program Manager s prepaid debit and gift cards that provide consumer benefits such as no
overdraft fees, no interest fees, virtual bank accounts, and free direct deposit. Consequently, we, as a reseller of the cards,
compete against companies and financial institutions across the retail banking, financial services, transaction processing, consumer
technology and financial technology services industries and we may also compete with others in the market who may in the future
provide offerings similar to ours. Furthermore, many of our competitors are entities substantially larger in size (such as Green Dot
Corporation), more highly diversified in revenue, and substantially more established with significantly more broadly known brand
awareness than ours. As such, many of our competitors can leverage their size, robust networks, financial wherewithal, brand
awareness, pricing power and technological assets to compete with us. Additionally, some of our current and potential competitors
are subject to fewer regulations and restrictions than we are and thus may be able to respond more quickly in the face of regulatory
and technological changes. 

Government
Regulations 

Although
the Program Manager is subject to extensive government regulation, as a reseller, we are not subject to the same regulations. If the
Program Manager fails to comply with government regulations applicable to it, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

U.S.
Securities Laws 

We
are subject to regulations by U.S. federal and state securities laws as a public company, including the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 

SEC
Reporting 

We
are an OTCQB issuer filing current, public information with OTC Markets Group Inc. electronic quotation venue under the trading symbol
 BCRD. There is a highly illiquid nature in investing in our common stock. 

We
are a fully-reporting public reporting company filing reports, proxy statements, information statements and other information with the
 SEC . You may read and copy this information, for a copying fee, at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E.,
Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for more information on its Public Reference Room. Our SEC filings will
also be available to the public from commercial document retrieval services, and at the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov . 

ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK
 FACTORS 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

Any
reference to risks associates with the Program Manager are not the official stance of the Program Manager and should not be interpreted
as such. All assertions pertaining to the Program Manager herein are reasonable assumptions of risks facing the Program Manager. As a
reseller of the Program Manager s prepaid debit and gift cards, our business is dependent upon the Program Manager. 

A
pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of an infectious disease in the markets in which we operate or that otherwise impacts our facilities and
customers could adversely impact our business. 

If
a pandemic, epidemic, or outbreak of an infectious disease including the recent outbreak of respiratory illness caused by a novel coronavirus
and its variants (COVID-19) first identified in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China, or other public health crisis were to affect our markets,
facilities, our customers, or the Program Manager, our business could be adversely affected. Consequences of the coronavirus outbreak
were resulting in disruptions in or restrictions on our ability to travel. If such an infectious disease broke out at our office, facilities
or work sites or those of the Program Manager, our operations may be affected significantly, our productivity may be affected, and we
may incur increased costs. If the persons and entities with whom we have contractual relationships, principally, the Program Manager,
are affected by an outbreak of infectious disease, we may incur increased costs or our customers could experience complications with
our products and services. If our subcontractors with whom it works were affected by an outbreak of infectious disease, our labor supply
may be affected and we may incur increased labor costs. Further, an infectious outbreak may cause disruption to the U.S. and global economy,
or the local economies of the markets in which we operate, increase costs associated with our business, affect job growth and consumer
confidence, or cause economic changes that we cannot anticipate. Overall, the potential impact of a pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of
an infectious disease with respect to our markets or our facilities is difficult to predict and could adversely impact our business.
In response to the COVID-19 situation, federal, state and local governments (or other governments or bodies) were considering placing,
or have placed, restrictions on travel and conducting or operating business activities. At this time those restrictions are very fluid
and evolving. We have been and will continue to be impacted by those restrictions. Given that the type, degree and length of such restrictions
are not known at this time, we cannot predict the overall impact of such restrictions on us, our customers, our subcontractors, and others
with whom we work or the overall economic environment. As such, the impact these restrictions may have on our financial position, operating
results and liquidity cannot be reasonably estimated at this time, but the impact may be material. In addition, due to the speed with
which the COVID-19 situation has developed and evolved, there is uncertainty around its ultimate impact on public health, business operations
and the overall economy; therefore, the negative impact on our financial position, operating results and liquidity cannot be reasonably
estimated at this time, but the impact may be material. 

8 

Our
business is dependent upon our contractual relationship with EndlessOne Global, the Program Manager, and, if the Reseller Agreement
and Service Agreement are terminated or if the Program Manager defaults on its contractual obligations or its business experiences difficulties, our business
would likely fail. 

We
have entered into the Reseller Agreement and Service Agreement with EndlessOne Global, Inc. pursuant to which we have agreed to be a
reseller of the Program Manager s prepaid debit and gift cards. At the time, our ability to generate revenues is completely
dependent upon our ability to resell the Program Manager s prepaid debit and gift cards to end customers. If we are unable to
have success as a reseller, our business will likely to fail. If the Program Manager s business or products and services
experience difficulties, our business will likely to fail. 

The
Reseller Agreement terminates 24 months from the date of the Reseller Agreement, subject to one-year extensions and early termination.
If the Reseller Agreement is terminated at any time and we are unable to engage a different program manager at terms similar or better
than those in the Reseller Agreement, our business will likely fail. 

The
Reseller Agreement does not grant us exclusivity as a reseller of the Program Manager s products and services. In the event that
the Program Manager engages others to act as resellers of its products and services, we may experience a decrease in our ability to make
sales as a reseller, which would likely have a material adverse impact on our business and may cause it to fail. 

The
platform of the Program Manager has only been recently launched and any functionality issues may cause our business to fail. 

The
Program Manager s platform is currently not fully functional. Prolonged functionality delays could have a material adverse
effect on our business. Once fully functional, in the event that the Program Manager s platform encounters additional
functionality issues, our business could fail. 

Our
operating results may fluctuate in the future, which could cause our stock price to decline. 

Our
quarterly and annual results of operations may fluctuate in the future as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside
of our control. If our results of operations fall below the expectations of investors or any securities analysts who follow our Common
Stock, the trading price of our Common Stock could decline substantially. Fluctuations in our quarterly or annual results of operations
might result from a number of factors, including, but not limited to: 

The
 unprecedented impact of COVID-19 pandemic on our business, customers, employees, consultants, service providers, stockholders, investors
 and other stakeholders 

the
 timing and volume of purchases and use of our products and services by our customers; 

our
 ability to effectively sell our products through direct-to-consumer initiatives; 

the
 timing and success of new product or service introductions by us or our competitors; 

changes
 in the level of interchange rates that can be charged; 

9 

fluctuations
 in customer retention rates; 

changes
 in the mix of products and services that we sell; 

changes
 in the mix of retail distributors through which we sell our products and services; 

the
 timing of commencement of new product development and initiatives, the timing of costs of existing product roll-outs and the length
 of time we must invest in those new products, channels or retail distributors before they generate material operating revenues; 

changes
 in our or our competitors pricing policies or sales terms; 

costs
 associated with significant changes in our risk policies and controls; 

the
 amount and timing of costs related to the acquisition of complementary businesses; 

the
 amount and timing of costs of any major litigation to which we are a party; 

disruptions
 in the performance of our products and services, including interruptions in the services we provide to other businesses, and the
 associated financial impact thereof; 

the
 amount and timing of capital expenditures and operating costs related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations
 and infrastructure; 

continued
 low interest rate environment or interest rate volatility; 

accounting
 charges related to impairment of intangible assets; 

our
 ability to control costs, including third-party service provider costs and sales and marketing expenses in an increasingly competitive
 market; 

volatility
 in the trading price of our Common Stock, which may lead to higher or lower stock-based compensation expenses; and 

changes
 in the political or regulatory environment affecting the banking or electronic payments industries. 

If
we are unable to find and retain distributors for the Program Manager s prepaid debit and gift cards, our business will
fail. 

Through
the Reseller Agreement with the Program Manager, we are a reseller of the Program Manager s prepaid, branded cards. In order to
generate revenues pursuant to the Reseller Agreement, we will need to either sell the cards directly to the end user or find distributors
for the cards. Initially, we plan to target up to 7,000 liquor stores throughout the U.S. as distributors. In the event we are unable
to make sales directly to end users or establish relationships with distributors, we will be unable to generate revenues and our business
will fail. 

The
loss of operating revenues from our anticipated retail distributors would adversely affect business. 

We
expect that a significant portion of our operating revenues are derived from revenues generated from the sales of the Program Manager s
prepaid, branded cards sold through distributors such as liquor stores, which we estimate will be our largest retail distributors. We
expect that liquor stores will have a significant impact on our operating revenues in future periods. Once we have established distribution
through liquor stores, it would be difficult to replace them and the operating revenues derived from products and services sold therein.
Accordingly, the loss of liquor stores as a primary means of distribution would have a material adverse effect on our business and results
of operations. In addition, any publicity associated with the loss of any of our distributors could harm our reputation, making it more
difficult to attract and retain consumers and other distributors, and could lessen our negotiating power with our remaining and prospective
distributors. 

10 

Our
future success depends upon the active and effective promotion of our Program Manager s products and services by retail distributors,
but their interests and operational decisions might not always align with our interests. 

Most
of our operating revenues will be derived from commissions on the sales of our Program Manager s products and services sold at
the stores of our retail distributors, including liquor stores. Revenues from commissions will depend on a number of factors outside
our control and may vary from period to period. Because we will compete with many other providers of our Program Manager s
products and services, including competing prepaid cards, for placement and promotion of products in the stores of our prospective
retail distributors, our success depends on our retail distributors and their willingness to promote our products and services
successfully. In general, our contracts with these third parties will likely allow them to exercise significant discretion over the
placement and promotion of our Program Manager s products and services; which means that they could give higher priority to
the products and services of other companies for a variety of reasons. Accordingly, losing the support of our retail distributors
might limit or reduce the sales of our Program Manager s products and services. Our operating revenues and operating expenses
may also be negatively affected by operational decisions by our retail distributors. For example, if a retail distributor reduces
shelf space for our Program Manager s products or implements changes in its systems that disrupt the integration between its
systems and ours, our resales could be reduced or decline and we may incur additional merchandising costs to ensure our Program
Manager s products are appropriately stocked. Even if our retail distributors actively and effectively promote our Program
Manager s products and services, there can be no assurance that their efforts will maintain or result in growth of our
operating revenues. 

Due
to the fact that most of our revenues will be derived from fees from the resales of the Program Manager s products and services,
future revenue growth depends on our ability to retain and attract new long-term users of the Program Manager s
products. 

Our
ability to increase account usage and account holder retention and to attract new long-term users of our Program Manager s products
can have a significant impact on our operating revenues. We may be unable to generate increases in account usage, account holder retention
or attract new long-term users of our Program Manager s products for a number of reasons, including if our Program Manager is unable
to maintain its existing distribution channels, predict accurately consumer preferences or industry changes and to modify its products
and services on a timely basis in response thereto, produce new features and services that appeal to existing and prospective customers,
and influence account holder behavior through cardholder retention and usage incentives. Our results of operations could vary materially
from period to period based on the degree to which we are successful in increasing usage and retention and attracting long-term users
of our Program Manager s products. 

The
industries in which we compete are highly competitive, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

The
industries in which we compete are highly competitive and subject to rapid and significant changes. Due to our relationship with the
Program Manager as a reseller of its prepaid, branded cards, we compete against companies and financial institutions across the retail
banking, financial services, transaction processing, consumer technology and financial technology services industries and may compete
with others in the market who may in the future provide offerings similar to those of the Program Manager, and, particularly, our Program
Manager competes with vendors who may provide program management and other services though a platform similar to its Backend as a Service BaaS platform. These and other competitors in the banking and electronic payments industries are introducing innovative
products and services that may compete with those of our Program Manager. We expect that this competition will continue as banking and
electronic payments industries continue to evolve, particularly if non-traditional payments processors and other parties gain greater
market share in these industries. If we are unable to differentiate our Program Manager s products and platform from and successfully
compete with those of our competitors, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. 

Many
existing and potential competitors are entities substantially larger in size, more highly diversified in revenue and substantially more
established with significantly more broadly known brand awareness than ours. As such, many of our competitors can leverage their size,
robust networks, financial wherewithal, brand awareness, pricing power and technological assets to compete with us. We could also experience
increased price competition as a result of new entrants offering free or low-cost alternatives to our Program Manager s products
and services. If this happens, we expect that the purchase and use of our Program Manager s products and services would decline.
If price competition materially intensifies, we may have to increase the incentives that we offer to our retail distributors and decrease
the prices of our Program Manager s products and services, any of which would likely adversely affect our results of operations. 

11 

Our
long-term success depends on our ability to compete effectively against existing and potential competitors that seek to provide banking
and electronic payment products and services. If we fail to compete effectively against these competitors, our revenues, results of operations,
prospects for future growth and overall business could be materially and adversely affected. 

The
Program Manager may make significant investments in products and services that may not be successful. 

Our
prospects for growth depend on the Program Manager s ability to innovate by offering new, and adding value to its existing product
and service offerings and on its ability to effectively commercialize such innovations. The Program Manager will continue to make investments
in research, development, and marketing for new products and services. Investments in new products and services are speculative. Commercial
success depends on many factors, including innovativeness, price, the competitive environment and effective distribution and marketing.
If customers do not perceive the Program Manager s new offerings as providing significant value, they may fail to accept the Program
Manager s new products and services, which would negatively impact our operating revenues. 

The
Program Manager s business is dependent on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of computer network systems and data centers,
including third party systems, and any disruption in the operations of these systems and data centers could materially and adversely
affect our business. 

The
Program Manager s ability to provide reliable service to its customers and other network participants depends on the efficient
and uninterrupted operation of its computer network systems and data centers as well as those of our retail distributors, network acceptance
members and third-party processors. The Program Manager s business involves the movement of large sums of money, processing of
large numbers of transactions and management of the data necessary to do both. Our success depends on the Program Manager s account
programs, including the Program Manager s BaaS programs, as well as the Program Manager s processing and settlement services,
the efficient and error-free handling of the money that is collected, remitted or deposited in connection with the provision of the Program
Manager s products and services. The Program Manager relies on the ability of its employees, systems and processes and those of
the banks that issue its cards, retail distributors, other business partners and third-party processors to process and facilitate these
transactions in an efficient, uninterrupted and error-free manner. Their failure to do so could materially and adversely impact our operating
revenues and results of operations. 

The
Program Manager s systems and the systems of third-party processors are susceptible to outages and interruptions due to fire, natural
disaster, power loss, telecommunications failures, software or hardware defects, terrorist attacks and similar events. The Program Manager
uses both internally developed and third-party systems, including cloud computing and storage systems, for its services and certain aspects
of transaction processing. Interruptions in the Program Manager s service may result for a number of reasons. 

Any
damage to, or failure of, the Program Manager s processes or systems generally, or those of its vendors (including as a result
of disruptions at the Program Manager s third-party data center hosting facilities and cloud providers), or an improper action
by its employees, agents or third-party vendors, could result in interruptions in its service, causing customers, retail distributors
and other partners to become dissatisfied with the Program Manager s products and services or obligate the Program Manager to issue
credits or pay fines or other penalties to them. Sustained or repeated process or system failures could reduce the attractiveness of
the Program Manager s products and services, including its BaaS platform, and result in contract terminations, thereby reducing
operating revenue and harming our results of operations. Further, negative publicity arising from these types of disruptions could be
damaging to the Program Manager s and our reputation and may adversely impact use of the Program Manager s products and services,
including its BaaS platform, and adversely affect our ability to attract new customers and distributors. Additionally, some of our contracts
with retail future distributors may contain service level standards pertaining to the operation of the Program Manager s systems,
and provide the retail distributor with the right to collect damages and potentially to terminate its contract with us for system downtime
exceeding stated limits. If the Program Manager faces system interruptions or failures, our business interruption insurance may not be
adequate to cover the losses or damages that we incur. 

12 

If
the Program Manager is unable to keep pace with the rapid technological developments in its industry and the larger electronic payments
industry necessary to continue providing its BaaS platform partners and cardholders with new and innovative products and services, the
use of the Program Manager s cards and other products and services could decline. 

The
electronic payments industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes. We cannot predict the effect of technological
changes on our business. The Program Manager relies, in part, on third parties for the development of, and access to, new technologies.
We expect those new services and technologies applicable to our industry will continue to emerge, and these new services and technologies
may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies we currently utilize through resale of the Program Manager s products
and services. Additionally, the Program Manager may make future investments in, or enter into strategic alliances to develop, new technologies
and services or to implement infrastructure change to further its strategic objectives, strengthen its existing businesses and remain
competitive. However, the Program Manager s ability to transition to new services and technologies that it develops may be inhibited
by a lack of industry-wide standards, by resistance from our retail distributors, its BaaS platform partners, third-party processors
or consumers to these changes, or by the intellectual property rights of third parties. Since we are a reseller of the Program Manager s
prepaid, branded cards, our future success will depend, in part, on the Program Manager s ability to develop new technologies and
adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards. These initiatives are inherently risky, and they may not be successful
or may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Fraudulent
and other illegal activity involving the Program Manager s products and services could lead to reputational damage to us, reduce
the use and acceptance of the Program Manager s cards and reload network, and may adversely affect our financial position and results
of operations. 

Criminals
are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities using deposit account products (including prepaid cards),
reload products, or customer information. Illegal activities involving the Program Manager s products and services often include
malicious social engineering schemes. Illegal activities may also include fraudulent payment or refund schemes and identity theft. The
Program Manager relies upon third parties for transaction processing services, which subjects the Program Manager and its end customers
to risks related to the vulnerabilities of those third parties. A single significant incident of fraud, or increases in the overall level
of fraud, involving the Program Manager s cards and other products and services, have in the past and could in the future result
in reputational damage it and to us. Such damage could reduce the use and acceptance of the Program Manager s cards and other products
and services, cause retail distributors to cease doing business with us or lead to greater regulation that would increase the Program
Manager s compliance costs. Fraudulent activity could also result in the imposition of regulatory sanctions, including significant
monetary fines on the Program Manager, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The
Program Manager operates in a highly regulated environment, and failure by it, the banks that issue its cards, and the businesses that
participate in it reloads network to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial
position and results of operations. 

The
Program Manager operates in a highly regulated environment, and failure by it, the banks that issue its cards or the businesses that
participate in it reloads network or other business partners to comply with the laws and regulations to which it is subject could negatively
impact our business. The Program Manager is subject to state money transmission licensing requirements and a wide range of U.S. federal
and other state laws and regulations. In particular, the Program Manager s products and services are subject to an increasingly
strict set of legal and regulatory requirements intended to protect consumers and to help detect and prevent money laundering, terrorist
financing and other illicit activities. For example, the Program Manager is subject to the anti-money laundering reporting and recordkeeping
requirements the Bank Secrecy Act BSA ), as amended by the PATRIOT Act. In addition, legal requirements relating
to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data continue to increase, along with enforcement
actions and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations. 

13 

Many
of these laws and regulations are evolving, can be unclear and inconsistent across various jurisdictions, and ensuring compliance with
them is difficult and costly. Failure by the Program Manager or those businesses to comply with the laws and regulations to which they
are or may become subject could result in fines, penalties or limitations on our ability to conduct our business, or federal or state
actions, any of which could significantly harm the Program Manager s and our reputation with consumers, banks that issue the Program
Manager s prepaid cards and regulators, and could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial
condition. 

Changes
in laws and regulations to which the Program Manager is subject, or to which they may become subject, may increase our costs of operation,
decrease our operating revenues and disrupt our business. 

The
banking, financial technology, transaction processing service industries are highly regulated and, from time to time, the regulations
affecting these industries, and the manner in which they are interpreted, are subject to change and legal action. Accordingly, changes
in laws and regulations or the interpretation or enforcement thereof may occur that could increase our compliance and other costs of
doing business, require significant systems redevelopment, or render the Program Manager s products or services less profitable
or obsolete, any of which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. For example, the Program Manager could face more
stringent anti-money laundering rules and regulations, as well as more stringent licensing rules and regulations, compliance with which
could be expensive and time consuming. In addition, adverse rulings relating to the industries in which the Program Manager participates
in the countries in which it and we operate could cause the Program Manager s products and services to be subject to additional
laws and regulations, which could make the Program Manager s products and services, of which we are a reseller, less profitable. 

If
additional regulatory requirements were imposed on the sale of the Program Manager s products and services, the requirements could
lead to a loss of retail distributors, which, in turn, could materially and adversely impact our operations. Moreover, if the Program
Manager s products are adversely impacted by the interpretation or enforcement of these regulations or we or any of our retail
distributors were unwilling or unable to make any such operational changes to comply with the interpretation or enforcement thereof,
we would no longer be able to resell the Program Manager s products and services through that noncompliant retail distributor,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

From
time to time, international, U.S. federal and state legislators and regulatory authorities, including state attorneys general, increase
their focus on the banking and consumer financial services industries and may propose and adopt new legislation that could result in
significant adverse changes in the regulatory landscape for financial institutions and financial services companies. 

If
new regulations or laws result in changes in the way the Program Manager is regulated, these regulations could expose the Program Manager
to increased regulatory oversight, more burdensome regulation of its business, and increased litigation risk, each of which could increase
the Program Manager s costs which may decrease our operating revenues. Furthermore, limitations placed on fees we charge or the
disclosures that must be provided with respect to the Program Manager s products and services could increase our costs and may
decrease our operating revenues. 

Changes
in rules or standards set by the payment networks, such as Visa and MasterCard, or changes in debit network fees or products or interchange
rates, could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

The
Program Manager is subject to association rules that could subject it to a variety of fines or penalties that may be levied by the card
associations or networks for acts or omissions by the Program Manager or businesses that work with it, including card processors, such
as MasterCard PTS. The termination of the card association registrations held by the Program Manager or any changes in card association
or other debit network rules or standards, including interpretation and implementation of existing rules or standards, that increase
the cost of doing business or limit the Program Manager s ability to provide its products and services could have an adverse effect
on our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, from time to time, card associations may increase the fees that
they charge, which could increase our operating expenses, reduce our profit margin and adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

14 

Furthermore,
we expect a substantial portion of our operating revenues to be derived from interchange fees. The amount of interchange revenues that
we earn is highly dependent on the interchange rates that the payment networks set and adjust from time to time. 

The
enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act required the Federal Reserve Board to implement regulations that have substantially limited interchange
fees for many issuers. While the interchange rates that may be earned by us are exempt from the limitations imposed by the Dodd-Frank
Act, there can be no assurance that future regulation or changes by the payment networks will not impact our interchange revenues substantially.
If interchange rates decline, whether due to actions by the payment networks or future regulation, we would likely need to change our
fee structure to offset the loss of interchange revenues. However, our ability to make these changes will be limited by the terms of
our future contracts and other commercial factors, such as price competition. To the extent we increase the pricing of the Program Manager s
products and services, we might find it more difficult to acquire consumers and to maintain or grow card usage and customer retention,
and we could suffer reputational damage and become subject to greater regulatory scrutiny. The Program Manager s may also have
to discontinue certain products or services. As a result, our total operating revenues, operating results, prospects for future growth
and overall business could be materially and adversely affected. 

The
Program Manager receives important services from third-party vendors. Replacing them would be difficult and disruptive to its business. 

Some
services relating to the Program Manager s business, including fraud management and other customer verification services, transaction
processing and settlement, card production, and customer service, are outsourced to third-party vendors. It would be difficult to replace
some of the Program Manager s third-party vendors in a timely manner if they were unwilling or unable to provide the Program Manager
with these services during the term of their agreements with us and our business and operations could be adversely affected. 

Our
business could suffer if there is a decline in the use of prepaid cards as a payment mechanism or there are adverse developments with
respect to the prepaid financial services industry in general. 

As
the prepaid financial services industry evolves, consumers may find prepaid financial services to be less attractive than traditional
or other financial services. Consumers might not use prepaid financial services for any number of reasons, including the general perception
of our industry, new technologies and a decrease in our distribution partners willingness to sell these products as a result of
a more challenging regulatory environment. If consumers do not continue or increase their usage of prepaid cards, including making changes
in the way prepaid cards are loaded, our operating revenues may decline. Any projected growth for the industry may not occur or may occur
more slowly than estimated. 

If
consumer acceptance of prepaid financial services does not continue to develop or develops more slowly than expected or if there is a
shift in the mix of payment forms, such as cash, credit cards, traditional debit cards and prepaid cards, away from our products and
services, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 

A
data security breach could expose the Program Manager to liability and protracted and costly litigation, and could adversely affect its
and our reputation and operating revenues. 

The
Program Manager and its retail distributors, network acceptance members, third-party processors and the merchants that accept the Program
Manager s cards receive, transmit and store confidential customer and other information in connection with the sale and use of
the Program Manager s products and services. The Program Manager s encryption software and the other technologies the Program
Manager uses to provide security for storage, processing and transmission of confidential customer and other information may not be effective
to protect against data security breaches by third parties. The risk of unauthorized circumvention of its security measures has been
heightened by advances in computer capabilities and the increasing sophistication of hackers. The Program Manager s network acceptance
members, other business partners, third-party processors and the merchants that accept the Program Manager s cards also may experience
similar security breaches involving the receipt, transmission and storage of the Program Manager s confidential customer and other
information. Improper access to the Program Manager or these third parties systems or databases could result in the theft, publication,
deletion or modification of confidential customer and other information. 

15 

A
data security breach of the systems on which sensitive cardholder or other customer or end-customer data and account information are
stored could lead to fraudulent activity involving the Program Manager s products and services, reputational damage and claims
or regulatory actions against the Program Manager and possibly us. If we are sued in connection with any data security breach, we could
be involved in protracted and costly litigation. If unsuccessful in defending that litigation, we might be forced to pay damages and/or
change our business practices, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operating revenues and profitability. The Program
Manager would also likely have to pay (or indemnify the banks that issue our cards for) fines, penalties and/or other assessments imposed
by Visa or MasterCard as a result of any data security breach. Further, a significant data security breach could lead to additional regulation,
which could impose new and costly compliance obligations. In addition, a data security breach at one of the third-party banks that issue
the Program Manager s cards or at the Program Manager s network acceptance members, other business partners, third-party
processors or the merchants that accept the Program Manager s cards could result in significant reputational harm to the Program
Manager and, as a reseller of the Program Manager s prepaid, branded cards, to us and cause the use and acceptance of the Program
Manager s cards or other products and services to decline, either of which could have a significant adverse impact on our operating
revenues and future growth prospects. 

Litigation
or investigations could result in significant settlements, fines or penalties. 

The
Program Manager or we may be subject to securities class actions and other litigation or regulatory or judicial proceedings or investigations.
The outcome of litigation and regulatory or judicial proceedings or investigations is difficult to predict. Plaintiffs or regulatory
agencies or authorities in these matters may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, seek to have aspects of our business
suspended or modified or seek to impose sanctions, including significant monetary fines. The monetary and other impact of these actions,
litigations, proceedings or investigations may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. The cost to defend, settle or otherwise
resolve these matters may be significant. Further, an unfavorable resolution of litigation, proceedings or investigations against us
could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition. If regulatory or judicial proceedings
or investigations were to be initiated against the Program Manager or us by private or governmental entities, adverse publicity that
may be associated with these proceedings or investigations could negatively impact our relationships with retail distributors and decrease
acceptance and use of, and loyalty to, the Program Manager s products and related services, and could impact the price of our Common
Stock. In addition, such proceedings or investigations could increase the risk that we will be involved in litigation. The outcome of
any such litigation is difficult to predict and the cost to defend, settle or otherwise resolve these matters may be significant. For
the foregoing reasons, if regulatory or judicial proceedings or investigations were to be initiated against us by private or governmental
entities, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected or our stock price could decline. 

We
may be unable to adequately protect our brand and third parties may allege that we are infringing their intellectual property rights. 

The
 BlueOne Card brand is important to our business, and we plan to utilize trademark registrations and other means to protect
it. Our business would be harmed if we were unable to protect our brand against infringement and its value was to decrease as a result. 

The
Program Manager may be unable to adequately protect its brand and its intellectual property rights related to its products and services
and third parties may allege that it is infringing their intellectual property rights. 

The
Program Manager s brands and marks are important to its business, and it utilizes trademark registrations and other means to protect
them. The Program Manager s business would be harmed if it was unable to protect its brand against infringement and its value was
to decrease as a result. 

The
Program Manager relies on a combination of patent, trademark and copyright laws, trade secret protection and confidentiality and license
agreements to protect the intellectual property rights related to the Program Manager s products and services. The intellectual
property rights of the Program Manager could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. 

16 

The
Program Manager may unknowingly violate the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of others and, thus, may be subject to
claims by third parties. These assertions may increase over time as a result of growth and the general increase in the pace of patent
claims assertions, particularly in the U.S. Because of the existence of a large number of patents in the mobile technology field, the
secrecy of some pending patents, and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, it is not economically practical or even possible to
determine in advance whether a product or any of its elements infringes or will infringe on the patent rights of others. Regardless of
the merit of these claims, the Program Manager may be required to devote significant time and resources to defending against these claims
or to protecting and enforcing its own rights. The Program Manager might also be required to develop a non-infringing technology or enter
into license agreements and there can be no assurance that licenses will be available on acceptable terms and conditions, if at all.
Some of our intellectual property rights may not be protected by intellectual property laws, particularly in foreign jurisdictions. The
loss of the Program Manager s intellectual property or the inability to secure or enforce its intellectual property rights or to
defend successfully against an infringement action could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 

The
Program Manager is exposed to losses from customer accounts. 

Fraudulent
activity involving the Program Manager s products may lead to customer disputed transactions, for which the Program Manager may
be liable under banking regulations and payment network rules. The Program Manager s fraud detection and risk control mechanisms
may not prevent all fraudulent or illegal activity. To the extent the Program Manager incurs losses from disputed transactions, our business,
results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

Additionally,
the Program Manager s cardholders can incur charges in excess of the funds available in their accounts, and the Program Manager
may become liable for these overdrafts. While the Program Manager declines authorization attempts for amounts that exceed the available
balance in a cardholder s account, the application of card association rules, the timing of the settlement of transactions and
the assessment of the card s monthly maintenance fee, among other things, can result in overdrawn accounts. 

Maintenance
fee assessment overdrafts occur as a result of the Program Manager charging a cardholder, pursuant to the card s terms and conditions,
the monthly maintenance fee at a time when he or she does not have sufficient funds in his or her account. The Program Manager s
remaining overdraft exposure arises primarily from late-posting. A late-post occurs when a merchant posts a transaction within a payment
network-permitted timeframe but subsequent to the Program Manager s release of the authorization for that transaction, as permitted
by card association rules. Under card association rules, the Program Manager may be liable for the amount of the transaction even if
the cardholder has made additional purchases in the intervening period and funds are no longer available on the card at the time the
transaction is posted. 

Economic,
political and other conditions may adversely affect trends in consumer spending. 

The
electronic payments industry, including the prepaid financial services segment within that industry, depends heavily upon the overall
level of consumer spending. If conditions in the U.S. become uncertain or deteriorate, we may experience a reduction in the number of
our accounts that are purchased or reloaded, the number of transactions involving the Program Manager s prepaid, branded cards
and the use of our reload network and related services. A sustained reduction in the use of the Program Manager s products and
related services, either as a result of a general reduction in consumer spending or as a result of a disproportionate reduction in the
use of card-based payment systems, would materially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
must be able to operate and scale our technology effectively. 

The
Program Manager s ability to continue to provide its products and services to network participants, as well as to enhance its existing
products and services and offer new products and services, is dependent on its information technology systems. If the Program Manager
is unable to manage and scale the technology associated with its business effectively, it could experience increased costs, reductions
in system availability and losses of its network participants. Any failure of our systems in scalability and functionality would adversely
impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

17 

We
are highly dependent on the services of our key executive, the loss of whom could materially harm our business and our strategic direction.
If we lose key management or significant personnel, cannot recruit qualified employees, directors, officers, or other personnel or experience
increases in our compensation costs, our business may materially suffer. 

We
are highly dependent on our management, specifically James Koh. We have an employment agreement in place with Mr. Koh. If we lose our
key employee(s), our business may suffer. Furthermore, our future success will also depend, in part, on the continued service of our
management personnel and our ability to identify, hire, and retain additional key personnel. We not carry key-man life
insurance on the lives of any of our executives, employees or advisors. We experience intense competition for qualified personnel and
may be unable to attract and retain the personnel necessary for the development of our business. Because of this competition, our compensation
costs may increase significantly. 

Our
future success depends on our ability to attract, integrate, retain and incentivize key personnel. 

Our
future success will depend, to a significant extent, on our ability to attract, integrate, retain and recognize key personnel, namely
our management team and experienced sales, marketing and program and technology development personnel. Replacing departing key personnel
can involve organizational disruption and uncertainty. We do not carry key-man life insurance on the lives of any of its
executives, employees or advisors. We experience transitions among our executive officers from time to time. If we fail to manage any
future transitions successfully, we could experience significant delays or difficulty in the achievement of our development and strategic
objectives and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely harmed. We must retain and
motivate existing personnel, and we must also attract, assimilate and motivate additional highly-qualified employees. We may experience
difficulty in managing transitions and assimilating our newly-hired personnel, which may adversely affect our business. Competition for
qualified management, sales, marketing and program and technology development personnel can be intense. Competitors may in the future
attempt to recruit our top management and employees. If we fail to attract, integrate, retain and incentivize key personnel, our ability
to manage and grow our business could be harmed. 

We
might require additional capital to support our business in the future, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms,
or at all. 

If
our unrestricted cash and cash equivalents balances and any cash generated from operations are not sufficient to meet our future cash
requirements, we will need to access additional capital to fund our operations. We may also need to raise additional capital to take
advantage of new business or acquisition opportunities. We may seek to raise capital by, among other things: 

issuing
 additional shares of our Common Stock or other equity securities; 

issuing
 convertible or other debt securities; and 

borrowing
 funds under a credit facility. 

We
may not be able to raise needed cash in a timely basis on terms acceptable to us or at all. Financings, if available, may be on terms
that are dilutive or potentially dilutive to our stockholders. The holders of new securities may also receive rights, preferences or
privileges that are senior to those of existing holders of our Common Stock. In addition, if we were to raise cash through a debt financing,
the terms of the financing might impose additional conditions or restrictions on our operations that could adversely affect our business.
If we require new sources of financing but they are insufficient or unavailable, we would be required to modify our operating plans to
take into account the limitations of available funding, which would harm our ability to maintain or grow our business. 

18 

The
occurrence of catastrophic events could damage our facilities or the facilities of third parties on which we depend, which could force
us to curtail our operations. 

We
and some of the third-party service providers on which we depend for various support functions, such as customer service and card processing,
are vulnerable to damage from catastrophic events, such as power loss, natural disasters, terrorism and similar unforeseen events beyond
our control. Our principal offices, for example, are situated in southern California near known earthquake fault zones. If any catastrophic
event were to occur, our ability to operate our business could be seriously impaired. In addition, we might not have adequate insurance
to cover our losses resulting from catastrophic events or other significant business interruptions. Any significant losses that are not
recoverable under our insurance policies, as well as the damage to, or interruption of, our infrastructure and processes, could seriously
impair our business and financial condition. 

If
we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis could
be impaired, which could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an adverse effect on our stock price. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with U.S. GAAP. If we are unable to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting, we might be unable to report our financial
information on a timely basis and might suffer adverse regulatory consequences. There could also be a negative reaction in the financial
markets due to a loss of investor confidence in us and the reliability of our financial statements. We have in the past and may in the
future discover areas of our internal financial and accounting controls and procedures that need improvement. Our internal control over
financial reporting will not prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated,
can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system will be met. Because of the inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
within our company will be detected. If we are unable to maintain proper and effective internal controls, we may not be able to produce
accurate financial statements on a timely basis, which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and could result in
regulatory action, and could require us to restate, our financial statements. Any such restatement could result in a loss of public confidence
in the reliability of our financial statements and sanctions imposed on us by the SEC. 

Changes
in accounting standards or inaccurate estimates or assumptions in the application of accounting policies could adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations. 

Our
accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. Some of
these policies require use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the reported value of our assets or liabilities and results of
operations and are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are
inherently uncertain. If those assumptions, estimates or judgments were incorrectly made, we could be required to correct and restate
prior period financial statements. Accounting standard-setters and those who interpret the accounting standards (such as the Financial
Accounting Standards Board, the SEC and banking regulators) may also amend or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions
on how various standards should be applied. These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how we record and report
our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively,
resulting in the need to revise and republish prior period financial statements. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Condition 

There
are doubts about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

We
are a development stage enterprise and have recently commenced planned principal operations. We have not earned any significant
revenues and have incurred net losses of 1,118,799 and cash used in operations of 331,574 for the fiscal year ended March 31,
2023, and net losses of 530,827 and cash used in operations of 452,472 for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022. These factors
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

19 

There
can be no assurance that sufficient funds required during the next year or thereafter will be generated from operations or that funds
will be available from external sources, such as debt or equity financings or other potential sources. The lack of additional capital
resulting from the inability to generate cash flow from operations, or to raise capital from external sources would force us to substantially
curtail or cease operations and would, therefore, have a material adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, there can be no assurance
that any such required funds, if available, will be available on attractive terms or that they will not have a significant dilutive effect
on our existing stockholders. 

We
intend to overcome the circumstances that impact our ability to remain a going concern through a combination of the commencement of revenues,
with interim cash flow deficiencies being addressed through additional equity and debt financing. We anticipate raising additional funds
through public or private financing, strategic relationships or other arrangements in the near future to support our business operations;
however, we may not have commitments from third parties for a sufficient amount of additional capital. We cannot be certain that any
such financing will be available on acceptable terms, or at all, and our failure to raise capital, when needed, could limit our ability
to continue our operations. Our ability to obtain additional funding will determine our ability to continue as a going concern. Failure
to secure additional financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms would have a material adverse effect on our financial performance,
results of operations, and stock price and require us to curtail or cease operations, sell off our assets, seek protection from its creditors
through bankruptcy proceedings, or otherwise. Furthermore, additional equity financing may be dilutive to the holders of our Common Stock,
and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants, and strategic relationships, if necessary, to raise additional funds,
and may require that we relinquish valuable rights. 

20 

Our
management has a limited experience operating a public company and is subject to the risks commonly encountered by early-stage companies. 

Although
our management has experience in operating small companies, our management has not had to manage expansion while being a public company.
Many investors may treat us as an early-stage company. In addition, our management has not overseen a company with large growth. Because
we have a limited operating history, our operating prospects should be considered in light of the risks and uncertainties frequently
encountered by early-stage companies in rapidly evolving markets. These risks include: 

risks
 that we may not have sufficient capital to achieve our growth strategy; 

risks
 that we may not develop our product and service offerings in a manner that enables us to be profitable and meet our customers 
 requirements; and 

risks
that our growth strategy may not be successful; 

These
risks are described in more detail herein. Our future growth will depend substantially on our ability to address these and the other
risks described herein. If we do not successfully address these risks, our business could be significantly harmed. 

We
have limited operational history in an emerging industry, making it difficult to accurately predict and forecast business operations. 

As
we have limited operations in our business and have yet to generate significant revenue, it is extremely difficult to make accurate predictions
and forecasts on our finances. This is compounded by the fact that we operate in a rapidly transforming industry. There is no guarantee
that our products or services will remain attractive to potential and current users as these industries undergo rapid change, or that
potential customers will utilize our services. 

As
a growing company, we have yet to achieve a profit and may not achieve a profit in the near future, if at all. 

We
have not yet produced a net profit and may not in the near future, if at all. While we expect to earn revenues and grow, we have not
achieved profitability and cannot be certain that we will be able to sustain our current growth rate or realize sufficient revenue to
achieve profitability. Our ability to continue as a going concern may be dependent upon raising capital from financing transactions,
generating revenues throughout the year and keeping operating expenses below revenue levels in order to achieve positive cash flows,
none of which can be assured. 

We
may be unable to manage growth, which may impact our potential profitability . 

Successful
implementation of our business strategy requires us to manage our growth. Growth could place an increasing strain on our management and
financial resources. To manage growth effectively, we will need to: 

establish
 definitive business strategies, goals and objectives; 

maintain
a system of management controls; 

attract
 and retain qualified personnel, as well as develop, train, and manage management-level and other employees. 

If
we fail to manage our growth effectively, our business, financial condition, or operating results could be materially harmed, and our
stock price may decline. 

21 

Our
lack of adequate D O insurance may also make it difficult for it to retain and attract talented and skilled directors and officers. 

In
the future, we may be subject to additional litigation, including potential class action and stockholder derivative actions. Risks associated
with legal liability are difficult to assess and quantify, and their existence and magnitude can remain unknown for significant periods
of time. To date, we have not obtained directors and officers liability D O insurance. Without adequate D O
insurance, the amounts we would pay to indemnify its officers and directors should they be subject to legal action based on their service
to the Company could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Furthermore, our
lack of adequate D O insurance may make it difficult for it to retain and attract talented and skilled directors and officers, which
could adversely affect our business. 

We
expect to incur substantial expenses to meet our reporting obligations as a public company. In addition, failure to maintain adequate
financial and management processes and controls could lead to errors in our financial reporting and could harm our ability to manage
our expenses. 

We
estimate that it will cost approximately 250,000 annually to maintain the proper management and financial controls for our filings required
as a public reporting company. In addition, if we do not maintain adequate financial and management personnel, processes and controls,
we may not be able to accurately report our financial performance on a timely basis, which could cause a decline in our stock price and
adversely affect our ability to raise capital. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

The
price of Common Stock may be volatile. 

In
the recent past, stocks generally, and financial services company stocks in particular, have experienced high levels of volatility. The
trading price of our Common Stock has been highly volatile since trading commenced. The trading price of our Common Stock depends on
a number of factors, including those described in this Risk Factors section, many of which are beyond our control and may
not be related to our operating performance. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our Common Stock include the
following: 

price
 and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; 

significant
 volatility in the market prices and trading volumes of financial services company stocks; 

actual
 or anticipated changes in our results of operations or fluctuations in our operating results; 

actual
 or anticipated changes in the expectations of investors or the recommendations of any securities analysts who follow our Common Stock; 

actual
 or anticipated developments in our business or our competitors businesses or the competitive landscape generally; 

the
 public s reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the SEC; 

business
 disruptions and costs related to shareholder activism; 

litigation
 and investigations or proceedings involving us, our industry or both or investigations by regulators into our operations or those
 of our competitors; 

new
 laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; 

changes
 in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations or principles; 

general
 economic conditions; 

changes
 to the markets in which our Common Stock is traded; and 

sales
 of shares of our Common Stock by us or our stockholders. 

22 

In
the past, many companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have become subject to securities class
action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial
costs and divert our management s attention from other business concerns, which could seriously harm our business. 

Our
Common Stock is very thinly traded, our stockholders may be unable to sell at or near ask prices or at all if they need to sell their
shares to raise money or otherwise desire to liquidate their shares. 

Our
Common Stock has historically been sporadically traded on the OTC Markets, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing
our shares at, or near ask prices at any given time, may be relatively small or non-existent. This situation is attributable to a number
of factors, including the fact that we are a small company which is relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional
investors and others in the investment community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention of
such persons, they tend to be risk-averse and would be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as us or purchase or recommend the
purchase of our shares until such time as we became more seasoned and viable. As a consequence, there may be periods of several days
or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer, which has a large and steady
volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. We cannot give shareholders
any assurance that a broader or more active public trading market for our shares of Common Stock will develop or be sustained, or that
current trading levels will be sustained. 

The
market price for our Common Stock is particularly volatile given our status as a relatively unknown company with a small and thinly traded
public float, limited operating history, and lack of revenue, which could lead to wide fluctuations our share price. The price at which
a shareholder purchases our shares may not be indicative of the price that will prevail in the trading market. Our shareholders may be
unable to sell their shares at or above the purchase price, which may result in substantial losses to our shareholders. 

The
market for our shares of Common Stock is characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers and we expect
that our share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. The volatility in our share
price is attributable to a number of factors. First, as noted above, our shares are sporadically traded. As a consequence of this lack
of liquidity, the trading of relatively small quantities of shares may disproportionately influence the price of those shares in either
direction. The price for our shares could, for example, decline precipitously in the event that a large number of our shares is sold
into the market without commensurate demand, as compared to a seasoned issuer which could better absorb those sales without adverse impact
on its share price. Secondly, we are a speculative investment due to, among other matters, our limited operating history and lack of
significant revenue or profit to date, and the uncertainty of future market acceptance for our products and services. As a consequence
of this enhanced risk, more risk-averse investors may, under the fear of losing all or most of their investment in the event of negative
news or lack of progress, be more inclined to sell their shares on the market more quickly and at greater discounts than would be the
case with the securities of a seasoned issuer. The following factors may add to the volatility in the price of our shares: actual or
anticipated variations in our quarterly or annual operating results, government regulations, announcements of significant acquisitions,
strategic partnerships or joint ventures, our capital commitments, and additions or departures of our key personnel. Many of these factors
are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of our shares regardless of operating performance. We cannot make any predictions
or projections as to what the prevailing market price for our shares will be at any time, including as to whether our shares will sustain
their current market prices, or as to what effect the sale of shares or the availability of shares for sale at any time will have on
the prevailing market price. 

We
do not expect to pay dividends in the future; any return on investment may be limited to the value of our Common Stock. 

We
do not currently anticipate paying cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on Common Stock
will depend on earnings, financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting it at such time as the board of directors
may consider relevant. Our current intention is to apply net earnings, if any, in the foreseeable future to increasing our capital base
and development and marketing efforts. There can be no assurance that we will ever have sufficient earnings to declare and pay dividends
to the holders of our Common Stock, and in any event, a decision to declare and pay dividends is at the sole discretion of our board
of directors. If we do not pay dividends, our Common Stock may be less valuable because a return on investment will only occur if our
stock price appreciates. 

23 

Our
charter documents and Nevada law could discourage, delay or prevent a takeover that stockholders consider favorable and could also reduce
the market price of our Common Stock. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control of our company. These provisions
could also make it more difficult for stockholders to nominate directors for election to our board of directors and take other corporate
actions. These provisions, among other things: 

provide
 for non-cumulative voting in the election of directors; 

authorize
 our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with terms determined by our board of directors and
 to issue additional shares of our Common Stock; and 

provide
 that only our board of directors may set the number of directors constituting our board of directors or fill vacant directorships. 

These
and other provisions in our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws, as well as provisions under Nevada law, could discourage potential
takeover attempts, reduce the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our Common Stock and result in
the trading price of our Common Stock being lower than it otherwise would be. 

ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED
 STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 

Our
principal corporate office is located at 4695 MacArthur Court, Suite 1100, Newport Beach, CA 92660. 

On
August 27, 2020, we formally executed a month-to-month cancellable operating lease for leasing office space in an executive suite, commencing
on September 1, 2020 for 259 per month. We paid a security deposit of 259 on September 7, 2020. The monthly rent increased to 279
effective January 1, 2021 and then to 289 effective October 9, 2022. 

On
October 26, 2020, we executed a non-cancellable operating lease agreement for our principal office for a monthly rent of 5,500 with
the lease commencing on November 1, 2020 for a period of 12 months. We paid a security deposit of 5,500 on October 28, 2020. On November
25, 2021, the Company amended the terms of the operating lease agreement to be on a month-to-month basis, and agreed to increase the
security deposit to 6,500 and a monthly lease payment of 6,500. 

On
April 13, 2023, we executed a multi-tenant shopping center lease for a sales office for a monthly rent of 2,196 for a term of three
years and two months. The rent is payable on the first day of the opening of business or 60 days after the commencement date. The lease
required a monthly common area maintenance expense of 1,531 and a security deposit of 4,392. 

We
believe our facilities are adequate to meet our current and near-term needs. 

ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL
 PROCEEDINGS 

We
anticipate that we (including any future subsidiaries) will from time to time become subject to claims and legal proceedings arising
in the ordinary course of business. It is not feasible to predict the outcome of any such proceedings and we cannot assure that their
ultimate disposition will not have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.
As of the filing of this Annual Report, we are not a party to any pending legal proceedings, nor are we aware of any civil proceeding
or government authority contemplating any legal proceeding. 

ITEM
 4. 
 MINE
 SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

24 

PART
II 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET
 FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
Common Stock is quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol BCRD. The table below sets forth for the periods indicated the quarterly
high and low bid prices as reported by OTC Markets. Limited trading volume has occurred during these periods. These quotations reflect
inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down, or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Quarter 
 High 
 Low 
 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2024 
 First 
 8.75 
 5.00 

Quarter 
 High 
 Low 
 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 
 First 
 8.50 
 8.50 

Second 
 8.50 
 8.50 

Third 
 8.50 
 8.50 

Fourth 
 8.75 
 8.50 

Quarter 
 High 
 Low 
 
 FISCAL YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2022 
 First 
 1.05 
 1.05 

Second 
 1.05 
 1.05 

Third 
 5.92 
 1.05 

Fourth 
 8.50 
 1.60 

Dividend
Information 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our Common Stock to our shareholders. The declaration of any future cash dividends is at the discretion
of our board of directors and depends upon our earnings, if any, our capital requirements and financial position, our general economic
conditions, and other pertinent conditions. It is our present intention not to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, but
rather to reinvest earnings, if any, in our business operations. 

Holders
of Record 

As
of July 14, 2023, an aggregate of 12,033,704 shares of our Common Stock were issued and outstanding and were owned by approximately 79
stockholders of record. An additional number of stockholders are beneficial holders
of our Common Stock in street name through banks, brokers and other financial institutions that are the record holders. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the three
months ended March 31, 2023. 

ITEM
 6. 
 [RESERVED] 

25 

ITEM
 7. MANAGEMENTS 
 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our financial statements
and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Some of the information contained in
this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy
for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. See Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements. 

Cautionary
Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results 

This
Annual Report, including Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Company may also make forward-looking
statements in other reports filed with the SEC in materials delivered to shareholders and in press releases. In addition, the Company s
representatives may from time to time make oral forward-looking statements. 

Forward-looking
statements relate to future events and typically address the Company s expected future business and financial performance. Words
such as plan, expect, aim, believe, project, target, 
 anticipate, intend, estimate, should, could, forecast 
and other words and terms of similar meaning, typically identify such forward-looking statements. In particular, these include, among
others, statements relating to: 

the
 Company s strategy for growth, future revenues, earnings, cash flow, uses of cash and other measures of financial performance,
 and market position, 

worldwide
 economic, political, and capital markets conditions, such as interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, financial conditions
 of our suppliers and customers, and natural and other disasters or climate change affecting the operations of the Company or our
 suppliers and customers, 

new
 business opportunities, product development, and future performance or results of current or anticipated products, 

the
 scope, nature or impact of acquisition, strategic alliance and divestiture activities, 

the
 outcome of contingencies, such as legal and regulatory proceedings, 

future
 levels of indebtedness, common stock repurchases and capital spending, 

future
 availability of and access to credit markets, 

pension
 and postretirement obligation assumptions and future contributions, 

asset
 impairments, 

tax
 liabilities, 

information
 technology security, and 

the
 effects of changes in tax (including the newly enacted Tax Cuts and Jobs Act), environmental and other laws and regulations in the
 United States and other countries in which we operate. 

Overview 

BlueOne
Card Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Company ), through our relationship with our program manager, EndlessOne Global,
Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Program Manager ), is a reseller of an all-in-one prepaid, branded card to be issued
by the Program Manager which we believe has numerous user benefits. Through our relationship with our Program Manager, we are aiming
to provide innovative pay out solutions and prepaid cards to consumers. Unlike other prepaid card distributors and companies, we specifically
aim to target those customers who are unbanked, or non-bankable, and who have needs crossing international borders. The Program Manager s
platform has been recently completed and is functional; however, nominal revenues have been derived therefrom. 

26 

Through
our relationship with the Program Manager, we will earn our revenues mostly through sale of debit cards and commissions derived from
monthly fees charged to customers to the Program Manager provided by us for the issued general purpose reloadable prepaid card, reloading
fees, ATM withdrawal fees, and card to card money transaction fees. We will be acting as an independent sales representative of the Program
Manager and we will not receive revenue from customer contracts, which will be executed with the Program Manager. 

To
date, we have generated minimal revenues from our planned business and our business is in a development stage. The Program Manager s
platform is functional and only nominal revenues have been derived therefrom. 

We
are currently headquartered in Newport Beach, California. 

Background 

BlueOne
Card, Inc. (formerly known as Avenue South Ltd., TBSS International, Inc., or Manneking Inc. was incorporated on July 6, 2007 under the laws of the State of Nevada. We started our business as a retailer and importer of domestic
home furnishings from Hong Kong. On September 30, 2011, we changed our name to TBSS International, Inc., and got engaged in gold mining
and drilling and general construction. On April 26, 2019, Corporate Compliance, LLC filed a re-application for custodianship pursuant
to NRS 78.347. The Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada granted custodianship over TBSS International, Inc. to Corporate
Compliance, LLC. On October 15, 2019, we changed our name to Manneking Inc., and then to BlueOne Card, Inc. 
on June 30, 2020. 

On
October 15, 2019, we executed a 1 for 100 reverse stock-split. On June 30, 2020, we also executed a 1 for 100 reverse stock-split with
a Certificate of Change, and changed our trading symbol to BCRD. We filed a FINRA corporate action pursuant to FINRA Rule
6490 which was announced on the Daily List as of July 23, 2020. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

We
apply the following critical accounting policies in the preparation of our financial statements: 

Use
of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity
with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
the reporting period. The Company regularly evaluates estimates and assumptions related to the valuation of its assets, liabilities, equity
and operations. The Company bases its estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience and various other factors that
it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about its estimates that
are not readily apparent from other sources. Significant estimates in the accompanying financial statements include the valuation of inventory,
software development costs, right-of-use assets, stock-based compensation and deferred tax assets. The actual results experienced by the
Company may differ materially and adversely from the Company s estimates. To the extent there are material differences between the
estimates and the actual results, future results of operations will be affected. 

Inventory 

Inventory
is finished goods which consists of plastic prepaid debit cards and gift cards and is valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value
using the specific identification method. The reported net value of inventory includes saleable prepaid debit cards and gift cards that
will be sold or used in future periods. The Company reserves for obsolete and slow-moving inventory. 

27 

Software
Development Costs 

Costs
incurred to develop internal-use software during the preliminary project stage are expensed as incurred. Internal-use software development
costs are capitalized during the application development stage, which is after: (i) the preliminary project stage is completed; and (ii)
management authorizes and commits to funding the project and it is probable the project will be completed and used to perform the function
intended. Capitalization ceases at the point the software project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use, and after
all substantial testing is completed. Upgrades and enhancements are capitalized if it is probable that those expenditures will result
in additional functionality. Amortization is provided for on a straight-line basis over the expected useful life of five years of the
internal-use software development costs and related upgrades and enhancements. When existing software is replaced with new software,
the unamortized costs of the old software are expensed when the new software is ready for its intended use. 

The
Company conducts a qualitative assessment of internal-use software impairment using the guidelines of ASC 350-40-35-1 Internal-Use
Software . If impairment is indicated, then the Company conducts a quantitative impairment test under ASC 360 for long lived assets
(see below). 

Long-lived
Assets 

The
Company tests long-lived assets or asset groups for recoverability in accordance with GAAP, when events or changes in circumstances indicate
that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. Circumstances which could trigger a review include, but are not limited to: significant
decreases in the market price of the asset; significant adverse changes in the business climate or legal factors; accumulation of costs
significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of the asset; current period cash flow
or operating losses combined with a history of losses or a forecast of continuing losses associated with the use of the asset; and current
expectation that the asset will more likely than not be sold or disposed of significantly before the end of its estimated useful life.
Recoverability is assessed based on the carrying amount of the asset compared to the estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected
to result from the use and the eventual disposal of the asset, as well as specific appraisal in certain instances. An impairment loss
equal to the excess of the carrying value over the assets fair market value is recognized when the carrying amount exceeds the undiscounted
cash flows. The impairment loss is recorded as an expense and a direct write-down of the asset. No impairment loss was recorded during
the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Stock-based
Compensation 

The
Company accounts for equity-based transactions with non-employees under the provisions of ASC Topic No. 505-50, Equity-Based Payments
to Non-Employees ASC 505-50 ). The Company has established that equity-based payment transactions with non-employees
shall be measured at the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever is more
reliably measurable. The fair value of common stock issued for payments to non-employees is measured on the date of grant. The fair value
of equity instruments, other than common stock, is estimated using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. In general, we recognize
the fair value of the equity instruments issued as deferred stock compensation and amortize the cost over the term of the contract. 

The
Company accounts for employee stock-based compensation in accordance with the guidance of ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock
Compensation. Under the fair value recognition provisions, stock-based compensation expense is measured at the grant date based on
the fair value of the award and is recognized ratably over the requisite service period. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenues from card sales,
when the product is deemed delivered to the customer, and the ownership/control is transferred. The Company will recognize revenue
from card services fees and card transactions once the service or transaction is completed, respectively. The Company s
revenue recognition policy is based on the revenue recognition criteria established under the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 Accounting Standards Codification 606 Revenue From Contracts With Customers which has established a
five-step process to govern contract revenue and satisfy each element is as follows: (1) Identify the contract(s) with a customer;
(2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the transaction price to
the performance obligations in the contract; and (5) recognize revenue when or as you satisfy a performance obligation. The Company
records the revenue once all the above steps are completed. Revenues earned by the Company for the years ended March 31, 2023 and
2022, are from the sale of the prepaid debit or gift cards to its customers. 

28 

Under
this guidance, revenue is recognized when control of promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects
the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. We review our sales transactions to identify contractual
rights, performance obligations, and transaction prices, including the allocation of prices to separate performance obligations, if applicable.
Revenue and costs of sales are recognized once products are delivered to the customer s control and performance obligations are
satisfied. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 2 of Notes to Financial Statements contained in this Annual Report for management s discussion of recent accounting pronouncements. 

Results
of Operations for the Year Ended March 31, 2023 Compared to the Year Ended March 31, 2022 

Revenue
and Cost of Sales 

We
recorded 25,000 and 72,200 in revenues from the sale of debit cards for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. We recorded
 14,000 and 54,778 for the cost associated with the purchase of debit cards for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively.
In addition, we recorded 26,385 as reserve for the net realizable value of prepaid cards inventory and charged to cost of sales for
the year ended March 31, 2023. As a result, we reported a gross profit (loss) of 15,385) and 17,422 for the years ended March 31,
2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Operating
Expenses 

Operating
expenses included legal, accounting and professional fees, all costs associated with marketing, rent and other expenses. We recorded
operating expenses of 1,098,486 and 545,685 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase of 552,801 in
operating expenses was primarily due to the increase in consulting and business advisory fees, increase in filing and regulatory fees,
increase in payroll costs of officer, and increase in legal, accounting, marketing and professional fees paid to consultants. 

Other
Income (Expense) 

Our
other income and expenses include interest expense relating to the finance arrangement on purchase of Company vehicle and interest on credit cards. We incurred
interest expense of 4,928 for the year ended March 31, 2023 as compared to 2,563 for the year ended March 31, 2022,
respectively. 

Net
Losses 

We
incurred a net loss of 1,118,799 for the year ended March 31, 2023 as compared to a net loss of 530,827 for the year ended March 31,
2022. The increase in loss of 587,972 was primarily due to the increase in operating expenses incurred by us. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources for the Year Ended March 31, 2023 Compared to the Year Ended March 31, 2022 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 Summary of Cash Flows: 

Net cash used in operating activities 
 (331,574 
 (452,472 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (28,700 
 (13,500 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 987,074 
 166,788 
 
 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 626,800 
 (299,184 
 
 Beginning cash and cash equivalents 
 41,318 
 340,502 
 
 Ending cash and cash equivalents 
 668,118 
 41,318 

29 

To
the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the issuance of such securities
may result in dilution to existing stockholders. If additional funds are raised through the issuance of debt securities, these securities
may have rights, preferences and privileges senior to holders of common stock and the terms of such debt could impose restrictions on
our operations. Regardless of whether our cash assets prove to be inadequate to meet our operational needs, we may seek to compensate
providers of services by issuance of stock in lieu of cash, which may also result in dilution to existing shareholders. Even if we are
able to raise the funds required, it is possible that we could incur unexpected costs and expenses, fail to collect significant amounts
owed to us, or experience unexpected cash requirements that would force us to seek alternative financing. 

No
assurance can be given that sources of financing will be available to us and/or that demand for our equity/debt instruments will be sufficient
to meet our capital needs, or that financing will be available on terms favorable to us. If funding is insufficient at any time in the
future, we may not be able to take advantage of business opportunities or respond to competitive pressures or may be required to reduce
the scope of our planned service development and marketing efforts, any of which could have a negative impact on our business and operating
results. In addition, insufficient funding may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, which could require us to: 

Curtail
 our operations significantly, or 

Seek
 arrangements with strategic partners or other parties that may require us to relinquish significant rights to technology platform
 and correlated services, or 

Explore
 other strategic alternatives including a merger or sale of our Company. 

Operating
Activities 

Net
cash used in operations of 331,574 for the year ended March 31, 2023 was primarily a result of a loss of 1,118,799, inventory
reserve of 26,385, depreciation of 32,470, noncash rent expense of 6,155, loss on sale of vehicle of 2,196 and stock-based
compensation expense of 500,000. In addition, the Company recorded a net increase in operating assets and liabilities of 232,329
due to an increase in inventory of 22,985, decrease in prepaid deposits of 68,366, increase in accounts payable and accrued
liabilities of 40,445, decrease in customer deposits of 20,000, increase in compensation payable to officer of 173,250, and
decrease in related party payables of 6,747. 

Net
cash used in operations of 452,472 for the year ended March 31, 2022 was primarily a result of a loss of 530,827, depreciation of
 42,388, and decrease in operating assets and liabilities of 35,967 due to increase in inventory of 28,587, increase in prepaid
deposits of 86,847, increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 11,600, increase in
compensation payable to officer of 157,500, and decrease in related party payables of 17,699. 

Investing
Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities for the year ended March 31, 2023 was 28,700 which resulted from purchase of software development costs. Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended
March 31, 2022 of 13,500 resulted from cash paid for the purchase of office furniture and computer equipment. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended March 31, 2023 was 987,074, consisted of cash proceeds from the sale of common
stock of 372,500, cash received from common stock subscriptions of 617,700, and cash paid for loan payable of 3,126. 

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended March 31, 2022 was 166,788, consisted of cash proceeds from the sale of common
stock of 179,000, and cash paid for loan payable of 12,212. 

30 

Future
Capital Requirements 

Our
current available cash and cash equivalents are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements. Our capital requirements for the
fiscal year ending March 31, 2024 will depend on numerous factors, including management s evaluation of the timing of projects
to pursue. Subject to our ability to generate revenues and cash flow from operations and our ability to raise additional capital (including
through possible joint ventures and/or partnerships), we expect to incur substantial expenditures to carry out our business plan, as
well as costs associated with our capital raising efforts and being a public company. 

Our
plans to finance our operations include seeking equity and debt financing, alliances or other partnership agreements, or other business
transactions, that would generate sufficient resources to ensure continuation of our operations. 

The
sale of additional equity or debt securities may result in additional dilution to our shareholders. If we raise additional funds through
the issuance of debt securities or preferred stock, these securities could have rights senior to those of our common stock and could
contain covenants that would restrict our operations. Any such required additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms,
if at all. If we were unable to obtain additional financing, we may be required to reduce the scope of, delay or eliminate some or all
of our planned activities and limit our operations which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Inflation 

The
amounts presented in our financial statements do not provide for the effect of inflation on our operations or financial position. The
net operating losses shown would be greater than reported if the effects of inflation were reflected either by charging operations with
amounts that represent replacement costs or by using other inflation adjustments. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis. For the year ended March 31, 2023, we recorded a net
loss of 1,118,799, reported net cash used in operating activities of 331,574, and recorded an accumulated deficit of 2,258,612 as of March 31, 2023.
These matters raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for a period of one year from the date of
this filing. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain the necessary financing to meet our
obligations and repay our liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due, to fund possible future
acquisitions, and to generate profitable operations in the future. Our management plans to provide for our capital requirements by
continuing to issue additional equity and debt securities. The outcome of these matters cannot be predicted at this time and there
are no assurances that, if achieved, we will have sufficient funds to execute our business plan or generate positive operating
results. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Contingencies 

Certain
conditions may exist as of the date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company, but which will only
be resolved when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. Our management, in consultation with its legal counsel as appropriate,
assesses such contingent liabilities, and such assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies
related to legal proceedings that are pending against us or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, we, in consultation
with legal counsel, evaluates the perceived merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims, as well as the perceived merits of
the amount of relief sought or expected to be sought therein. If the assessment of a contingency indicates it is probable that a material
loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be estimated, then the estimated liability would be accrued in our financial
statements. If the assessment indicates a potentially material loss contingency is not probable, but is reasonably possible, or is probable,
but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, together with an estimate of the range of possible loss, if determinable
and material, would be disclosed. Loss contingencies considered remote are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in
which case the guarantees would be disclosed. 

31 

ITEM
 7A. QUANTITATIVE
 AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
required for smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM
 8. FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The
financial statements of the Company are included beginning on page F-1 immediately following the signature page to this Annual Report. 

ITEM
 9. CHANGES
 IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM
 9A. CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

We
have established disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports
filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules
and forms of the SEC and, as such, is accumulated and communicated to our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, James
Koh, who serves as our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. Mr. Koh, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)
of the Exchange Act, as of March 31, 2023. Based on his evaluation, Mr. Koh concluded that, due to a material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting as described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of March 31, 2023.
In light of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting, we completed substantive procedures, including validating
the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used for accounting prior to filing this Annual Report. 

These
additional procedures have allowed us to conclude that, notwithstanding the material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting, the financial statements included in this report fairly present, in all material respects, our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined
in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of March 31, 2023 based upon Internal
Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 

32 

During
its evaluation, management noted certain matters involving internal control and its operation that we consider to be material weaknesses under standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ). A control deficiency
exists when the design or operation of a control does not allow management or employees, in the normal course of performing their assigned
functions, to prevent or detect misstatements on a timely basis. 

A
material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is
a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis. 

We
noted deficiencies involving lack of segregation of duties, lack of governance/oversight, and lack of internal control documentation
that we believe to be material weaknesses. Other material weaknesses include lack of monitoring controls over the valuation of stock-based compensation, and
evaluation of impairment of intangibles and long-lived assets. 

Because
of this material weaknesses, management concluded that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of
March 31, 2023, based on criteria described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 

Plan
for Remediation of Material Weaknesses 

Since
these entity level controls have a pervasive effect across the organization, management has determined that these circumstances constitute
a material weakness. 

We
believe that, since the date that we were made aware of our material weakness, we have improved our internal control over financial reporting
by taking certain corrective steps that we believe minimize the likelihood of a recurrence. We have designed a disclosure controls and
procedures regime pursuant to which our management has, among other things: 

(a)
identified the definition, objectives, application and scope of our internal control over financial reporting; 

(b)
delineated the duties of each member of the group responsible for maintaining the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting.
This group consists of: 

(i)
our Chief Executive Officer; and 

(ii)
an independent consultant who was engaged to prepare and assure compliance with both our internal control over financial reporting as
well as our disclosure controls and procedures and review our disclosure controls and procedures on a regular basis, subject to our management s
supervision. 

We
continue to work with our structure in which we have an independent consultant, in order to continue implementation of required key controls,
the necessary steps required for procedures to ensure the appropriate communication and review of inputs necessary for the financial
statement closing process, as well as for the appropriate presentation of disclosures within the financial statements. The remediation
steps taken are subject to the Chief Executive Officer s oversight. While management believes there have been improvements of internal
controls over financial reporting during the year ended March 31, 2023, management anticipates that further continuing efforts will be
needed to effectively remediate the material deficiencies relating to segregation of duties and maintaining adequate supporting documentation
to substantiate the information reported in the financial statements which existed as of March 31, 2023, and to assure that complex transactions
are properly recorded as the business continues to grow. Our management has been actively engaged in planning for, designing and implementing
the corrective steps described above to enhance the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as well as our internal control
over financial reporting. Our management is committed to achieving and maintaining a strong control environment, high ethical standards,
and financial reporting integrity, and will take further steps to ensure that personnel are adequate in terms of sophistication and quantity
to adequately assure that the financial reporting process is efficient and operated with the sufficient level of integrity to meet and
surpass all regulatory standards. 

33 

While
management is implementing corrective steps to remediate its internal control deficiencies, we cannot assure you that they will be sufficient
enough to be free of a material weakness. If we should in the future conclude that our internal control over financial reporting suffers
from a material weakness, we will be required to expend additional resources to improve it. Any additional instances of material deficiencies
could require a restatement of our financial statements. If such restatements are required, there could be a material adverse effect
on our investors confidence that our financial statements fairly present our financial condition and results of operations, which
in turn could materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Other
than the remediation activities undertaken by us as disclosed above, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial
reporting during the year ended March 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
 9B. OTHER
 INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
 9C. DISCLOSURE
 REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM
 10. DIRECTORS,
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The
following table sets forth the names, positions and ages of our current executive officers and directors. All directors serve until the
next annual meeting of stockholders or until their successors are elected and qualified. Officers are appointed by our board of directors
and their terms of office are, except to the extent governed by an employment contract, at the discretion of our board of directors. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 James
 Koh 
 
 55 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Mr.
 Koh is the sole officer and director of the Company and its majority shareholder. 

Our
President, CEO, CFO and Chairman 

Mr.
Koh was appointed as an officer and director of the Company on October 7, 2019. Mr. Koh has extensive experience in the wireless telecommunications
industry having worked for the past 16 years in R D, manufacturing, and within senior management positions engaged in developing
cellular phones for AT T, T-Mobile, Telcel (Mexico), and Fido (Canada). From his role as the Chief Executive Officer of Tiger Stand
Corp. from 2005 to 2017, he was engaged in sales, marketing, and operations management. Mr. Koh has been a private pilot and FAA licensed
since 1990. 

Associations
with Companies with a Class of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act 

On
November 1, 2017, American Standard Wallet, Inc. (now known as Monetiva, Inc. ( ASW ), effected a change
of control whereby then existing owner James Koh, the sole shareholder, officer and director of ASW, sold all 8,000,000 of his shares
of ASW s common stock to Mr. Pierre Sawaya. ASW accepted the resignation of Mr. Koh as the existing officer and director, electing
a new officer and sole director Mr. Pierre Sawaya, upon issuance of the shares to Mr. Sawaya. 

Mr.
Sawaya founded EndlessOne Global Inc. in 2011 and served as its CEO until October 2016, and is no longer an officer, director, or owner
of EndlessOne. 

34 

On
May 17, 2017, James Koh was appointed as the sole director and officer of Golden Rush, Inc. Effective October 9, 2019, pursuant the settled
Order between the SEC and Golden Rush, the registration of each class of Golden Rush s securities registered pursuant to Section
12 of the Exchange Act was revoked. 

Legal
Proceedings 

During
the past ten years, none of the following events would apply to any of our directors or executive officers: 

A
 petition under the Federal bankruptcy laws or any state insolvency law was filed by or against, or a receiver, fiscal agent or similar
 officer was appointed by a court for the business or property of such person, or any partnership in which he was a general partner
 at or within two years before the time of such filing, or any corporation or business association of which he was an executive officer
 at or within two years before the time of such filing; 

Such
 person was convicted in a criminal proceeding or is a named subject of a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations
 and other minor offenses); 

Such
 person was the subject of any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent
 jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from, or otherwise limiting, the following activities: 

Acting
 as a futures commission merchant, introducing broker, commodity trading advisor, commodity pool operator, floor broker, leverage
 transaction merchant, any other person regulated by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or an associated person of any of the
 foregoing, or as an investment adviser, underwriter, broker or dealer in securities, or as an affiliated person, director or employee
 of any investment company, bank, savings and loan association or insurance company, or engaging in or continuing any conduct or practice
 in connection with such activity; 

Engaging
 in any type of business practice; or 

Engaging
 in any activity in connection with the purchase or sale of any security or commodity or in connection with any violation of Federal
 or State securities laws or Federal commodities laws; 

Such
 person was the subject of any order, judgment or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any Federal or State
 authority barring, suspending or otherwise limiting for more than 60 days the right of such person to engage in any activity described
 in paragraph (f)(3)(i) of this section, or to be associated with persons engaged in any such activity; 

Such
 person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commission to have violated any Federal or State
 securities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commission has not been subsequently reversed, suspended,
 or vacated; 

Such
 person was found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action or by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated
 any Federal commodities law, and the judgment in such civil action or finding by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission has not
 been subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated; 

Such
 person was the subject of, or a party to, any Federal or State judicial or administrative order, judgment, decree, or finding, not
 subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of: 

Any
 Federal or State securities or commodities law or regulation; or 

Any
 law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies including, but not limited to, a temporary or permanent
 injunction, order of disgorgement or restitution, civil money penalty or temporary or permanent cease-and-desist order, or removal
 or prohibition order; or 

Any
 law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

Such
 person was the subject of, or a party to, any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any self-regulatory
 organization (as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act (15 U.S.C. 78c(a)(26))), any registered entity (as defined in Section
 1(a)(29) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1(a)(29))), or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that
 has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

35 

Code
of Ethics . 

During
the period of this Annual Report, the Company did not have in place an adopted Code of Ethics due to the fact that the Company has had
only one director and officer and the Company had minimal operations or business and did not generate any revenues. We do not believe
that the adoption of an Ethical Code would serve the primary purpose of such a code to provide a manner of conduct as the development,
execution and enforcement of such a code would be by the same persons and only persons to whom such code applied. At such time as the
Company commences more significant business operations, current management will recommend that such a code be adopted. 

Corporate
Governance 

For
reasons similar to those described above, the Company does not have a nominating, compensation committee, or audit committee of the board
of directors. At such time as the Company commences more significant business operations and/or has additional shareholders and a larger
board of directors, the Company will propose creating committees of its board of directors, including a nominating, compensation, and
an audit committee. Because there has been only one shareholder of the Company, there was no established process by which shareholders
to the Company could nominate members to the Company s board of directors. Similarly, however, at such time as the Company has
more shareholders and an expanded board of directors, the Company may review and implement, as necessary, procedures for shareholder
nomination of members to the Company s board of directors. 

Beneficial
Ownership Reporting Compliance Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company s executive officers and directors, and persons who beneficially
own more than 10 of the Company s stock, to file initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the Securities
and Exchange Commission. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by applicable regulations
to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of the copies of the forms furnished
to the Company and information involving securities transactions of which the Company is aware, none of the Company s officers,
directors and holders of more than 10 of the outstanding common stock of the Company failed to timely file reports required by Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act during the year ended March 31, 2023. 

ITEM
 11. EXECUTIVE
 COMPENSATION 

Executive
Compensation 

The
following table and related footnotes show the compensation paid to our named executive officers during the last fiscal years ended
March 31, 2023 and 2022, and information concerning all compensation paid for services rendered to us in all capacities for our last two
fiscal years. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year-Ended 
 Salary( 
 All Other Compensation( 
 Total( 
 
 James Koh, President, CEO, and Chairman 
 March 31, 2023 
 173,250 
 - 
 173.250 

March 31, 2022 
 157,500 
 - 
 157,500 

All compensation in the form of salary owed pursuant to the employment agreement has been unpaid and is being deferred by Mr. Koh. The
Company intends to defer payment of executive s salary compensation until the Company has sufficient amounts to fund both the Company s
operations and executive s salary. 

36 

Employment
Agreements 

CEO
Employment Agreement 

On
December 1, 2020, we entered into an Employment Agreement with James Koh, our President, CEO, Secretary, and Chairman. The initial term
of the agreement is for three years and, if written notice is not provided within 90 days of the termination of each term, the term is
automatically extended for an additional year term. The agreement may be terminated by either party upon 90 days prior written
notice. Whether the agreement is terminated without Cause, for Good Reason, or for Cause, as
defined in the agreement, determines what compensation is owed and when. There is also a 30-day cure period for any termination for Cause, 
as defined in the agreement. The agreement contains confidentiality, non-compete, and non-solicitation provisions. 

As
a bonus for entering into the agreement, Mr. Koh was issued 1,000,000 shares of our common stock and, in the event that the agreement
is terminated prior to one year from the date of the agreement, Mr. Koh is obligated to return the shares to us. Pursuant to the agreement,
Mr. Koh is entitled to an annual base salary of 150,000 and that amount is subject to an automatic 10 annual increase. 

Pursuant
to the agreement, Mr. Koh is entitled to bonuses, reimbursement of expenses, a vehicle allowance, four weeks of paid vacation, and other
incentives. 

This
agreement does provide for payments to be made as a result of any Change in Control, as defined in the agreement, of us. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

None. 

Director
Compensation 

At
this time, our director does not receive cash compensation for serving as a member of our Board of Directors. The term of office for
each Director is one year, or until his/her successor is elected at our annual meeting and qualified. The term of office for each of
our officers is at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors has no nominating, auditing committee or a compensation
committee. Therefore, the selection of person or election to the Board of Directors was neither independently made nor negotiated at
arm s length. 

During
the fiscal years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, our sole director, and President and CEO, Mr. Koh, received no compensation for services
provided as a director. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification 

The
Nevada Revised Statutes limits or eliminates the personal liability of directors to corporations and their stockholders for monetary
damages for breaches of directors fiduciary duties as directors. 

The
limitation of liability and indemnification provisions under the Nevada Revised Statues and in our governing documents may discourage
stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their fiduciary duties. These provisions may also have the effect
of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might
otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. However, these provisions do not limit or eliminate our rights, or those of any stockholder,
to seek non-monetary relief such as injunction or rescission in the event of a breach of a director s fiduciary duties. Moreover,
the provisions do not alter the liability of directors under the federal securities laws. In addition, your investment may be adversely
affected to the extent that, in a class action or direct suit, we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and
officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

37 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

2022
Stock Incentive Plan 

On
March 11, 2022, the Board of Directors adopted the 2022 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ). The purposes of the
2022 Plan are (a) to enhance our ability to attract and retain the services of qualified employees, officers, directors, consultants,
and other service providers upon whose judgment, initiative and efforts the successful conduct and development of our business largely
depends, and (b) to provide additional incentives to such persons or entities to devote their utmost effort and skill to the advancement
and betterment of our company, by providing them an opportunity to participate in the ownership of our Company and thereby have an interest
in the success and increased value of our Company. 

The
2022 Plan is administered by our board of directors; however, the board of directors may designate administration of the 2022 Plan to
a committee consisting of at least two independent directors. Awards may be made under the 2022 Plan for up to 5,000,000 shares of common
stock of the Company. Only employees of our Company or of an Affiliated Company , as defined in the 2022 Plan, (including
members of the board of directors if they are employees of our Company or of an Affiliated Company) are eligible to receive incentive
stock options under the 2022 Plan. Employees of our Company or of an Affiliated Company, members of the board of directors (whether or
not employed by our company or an Affiliated Company), and Service Providers , as defined in the 2022 Plan, are eligible
to receive non-qualified options, restricted stock units, and stock appreciation rights under the 2022 Plan. All awards are subject to
Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

No
option awards may be exercisable more than ten years after the date it is granted. In the event of termination of employment for cause,
the options terminate on the date of employment is terminated. In the event of termination of employment for disability or death, the
optionee or administrator of optionee s estate or transferee has six months following the date of termination to exercise options
received at the time of disability or death. In the event of termination for any other reason other than for cause, disability or death,
the optionee has 30 days to exercise his or her options. 

The
2022 Plan will continue in effect until all the stock available for grant or issuance has been acquired through exercise of options or
grants of shares, or until ten years after its adoption, whichever is earlier. Awards under the 2022 Plan may also be accelerated in
the event of certain corporate transactions such as a merger or consolidation or the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially
all our assets. 

As
of March 31, 2023, the Board had awarded to consultants 250,000 shares of Common Stock under the 2022 Plan. 

38 

ITEM
 12. SECURITY
 OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table and footnotes thereto sets forth information regarding the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by (i)
each director and named executive officer of our Company, (ii) named executive officers, executive officers, and directors of the Company
as a group, and (iii) each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of our issued and outstanding shares of Common
Stock. In calculating any percentage in the following table of common stock beneficially owned by one or more persons named therein,
the following table assumes 10,278,861 shares of Common Stock outstanding. Unless otherwise further indicated in the following
table, the footnotes thereto and/or elsewhere in this report, the persons and entities named in the following table have sole voting
and sole investment power with respect to the shares set forth opposite the shareholder s name, subject to community property laws,
where applicable. Unless as otherwise indicated in the following table and/or the footnotes thereto, the address of our named executive
officers and directors in the following table is: 4695 MacArthur Court, Suite 1100, Newport Beach, CA 92660. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owners 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership (1) 
 Percent of Class (1) 
 
 Named Executive Officers and Directors 

James Koh, President, CEO, Secretary, and Chairman 
 301,000,000 (2) 
 99.00 
 
 Executive Officers, Named Executive Officers, and Directors as a Group (One Person) 
 301,000,000 
 99.00 

5 Beneficial Holders (Not Named Above) 

Eric Kwon 
 557,143 
 5.42 
 
 415 Vanness Ave 

Los Angeles, CA 90020 

(1) 
 Under
 Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act, a beneficial owner of a security includes any person who, directly or indirectly, through any contract,
 arrangement, understanding, relationship, or otherwise has or shares: (i) voting power, which includes the power to vote, or to direct
 the voting of shares; and (ii) investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. Certain
 shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by more than one person (if, for example, persons share the power to vote or the power
 to dispose of the shares). In addition, shares are deemed to be beneficially owned by a person if the person has the right to acquire
 the shares (for example, upon exercise of an option) within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided. In computing
 the percentage ownership of any person, the amount of shares outstanding is deemed to include the number of shares beneficially owned
 by such person (and only such person) by reason of these acquisition rights. As a result, the percentage of outstanding shares of
 any person as shown in the above table does not necessarily reflect the person s actual ownership or voting power with respect
 to the number of shares of common stock actually outstanding on the date of this Annual Report. 

(2) 
 Includes
 292,000,000 shares issuable upon the conversion of 292,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock owned by Mr. Koh. 

Changes
in Control 

There
are no arrangements known to us the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the Company. 

ITEM
 13. CERTAIN
 RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Except
as disclosed below, for transactions with our executive officers and directors, please see the disclosure under EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
above. 

On
September 30, 2020, our Chief Executive Officer converted 8,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock into 8,000,000 shares
of our Common Stock. 

Our
CEO, from time to time, has provided advances to us for our working capital needs. We have recorded a payable to the CEO of 25,765 and
 32,512 at March 31, 2023 and at March 31, 2022, respectively. The funds advanced are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and due on demand. 

ITEM
 14. PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

Audit
Fees 

The
aggregate fees incurred for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 for professional services rendered by the independent registered public
accounting firm for the audits of the Company s annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the
Company s Form 10-K and Form 10-Q reports and services normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or
engagements were as follows: 

March 31, 2023 

(Salberg Company, P.A) 

March 31, 2022 
 (SS Accounting Auditing) 
 
 Audit Fees 
 26,000 
 21,500 
 
 Audit Related Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees 
 26,000 
 21,500 

39 

The
Company does not currently have an audit committee serving and as a result its board of directors performs the duties of an audit committee.
The board of directors will evaluate and approve in advance, the scope and cost of the engagement of an auditor before the auditor renders
audit and non-audit services. The Company does not rely on pre- approval policies and procedures. 

PART
IV 

ITEM
 15. EXHIBIT
 AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)
(1) Financial Statements. The financial statements filed as part of this report are listed in the index to financial statements at the
beginning of this document. 

(a)
(2) Financial Statement Schedules. Financial statement schedules are omitted because of the absence of the conditions under which they
are required or because the required information is included in the Financial Statements or the notes thereto. 

(a)
(3) Exhibits. The exhibits are either filed with this report or incorporated by reference into this report. Exhibit numbers. See (b)
Exhibits, which follow. 

(b)
Exhibits. 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 3.1 (1) 
 
 Articles
 of Incorporation dated July 6, 2007 
 
 3.2 (2) 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment dated October 22, 2019 
 
 3.3 (2) 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment dated June 22, 2020 
 
 3.4 (2) 
 
 Bylaws 
 
 4.1 (2) 
 
 Certificate
 of Designation for Series A Preferred Stock 
 
 4.2 (4) 
 
 2022
 Stock Incentive Plan 
 
 10.1 (2) 
 
 Agreement
 to Partially Convert Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to Common Stock 
 
 10.2 (2) 
 
 Employment
 Agreement dated December 1, 2020 with Mr. James Koh 
 
 10.3 (2)(3) 
 
 Reseller Agreement dated April 15, 2020 with EndlessOne Global Inc. 
 
 10.4 (5) 
 
 A mendment No. 1 to the Reseller Agreement with EndlessOne Global, Inc. dated August 1, 2022 
 
 10.5 (3) 
 
 Service Agreement dated September 1, 2020 with EndlessOne Global, Inc. 
 
 23.1 (6) 
 
 Consent of SS Accounting Auditing, Inc. 
 
 23.2 (7) 
 
 Consent of SS Accounting Auditing, Inc. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Rule
 13a-14(a) Certification by Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section
 1350 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted in IXBRL, and included in exhibit 101) 

Filed
herewith. 

 Furnished
herewith. 

Management
 contract or compensatory plan 

(1) 
 Filed
 as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form S-1/A filed with the Commission on July 28, 2010 under Commission File No. 333-168346 
 
 (2) 
 Filed
 as an exhibit to the Company s Form 10 filed with the Commission on December 29, 2020 under Commission File No. 000-56060 
 
 (3) 
 Portions
 of the exhibit have been omitted 
 
 (4) 
 Filed
 as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 17, 2022 under Commission File
 No. 000-56060 
 
 (5) 
 Filed
 as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on November 21, 2022 under Commission File No. 000-56060 
 
 (6) 
 Filed
 as Exhibit 23.1 to the Company s Form S-8 filed with the Commission on March 18, 2022 under Commission File No. 333-263668 
 
 (7) 
 Filed
 as Exhibit 23.1 to the Company s Form S-1/A filed with the Commission on September 28, 2022 under Commission File No. 333-259222 

ITEM
 16. FORM
 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

40 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BlueOne
 Card, Inc. 

Date:
 July 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 James Koh 

James
 Koh 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
person on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

NAME 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/
 James Koh 
 
 Director 
 
 July
 14, 2023 
 
 James
 Koh 

41 

BLUEONE
CARD, INC. 

 FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE YEARS ENDED 

 MARCH
31, 2023 AND 2022 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Firm ID 
 F-2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Firm ID 
 F-3 

Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-4 

Statements of Operations for the Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-5 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-6 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 
 F-7 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-8
to F-16 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of: 

 BlueOne
Card, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of BlueOne Card, Inc. (the Company as of March 31, 2023, the related statements
of operations, changes in stockholders equity and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of March 31, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
1 to the financial statements, the Company has minimal revenues, has suffered operating losses since inception and in fiscal 2023 has
a net loss of 1,118,799 and cash used in operations of 331,574. The Company also had an accumulated deficit as of March 31, 2023 of
 2,258,612. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
Plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/

SALBERG
 COMPANY, P.A. 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2023 . 

July
14, 2023 

2295
NW Corporate Blvd., Suite 240 Boca Raton, FL 33431-7328 

 Phone:
(561) 995-8270 Toll Free: (866) CPA-8500 Fax: (561) 995-1920 

 www.salbergco.com
 info@salbergco.com 

 Member
National Association of Certified Valuation Analysts Registered with the PCAOB 

 Member
CPAConnect with Affiliated Offices Worldwide Member AICPA Center for Audit Quality 

F- 2 

SS
Accounting Auditing, Inc. 

 8705
Havenwood Trail 

 Plano,
TX 75024 

 Phone:
+ (817) 437-9479 

 E-
Mail: saimasayani@sscpafirm.com 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

PRIOR
AUDITOR S RE-ISSUED OPINION 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of BlueOne Card, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of BlueOne Card, Inc. (the Company) as of March 31, 2022, and the related statements of
operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2022, and the related notes and schedules (collectively
referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of March 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended March 31, 2022,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going
Concern 

The
Company s financial statements are prepared using the generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern. As
described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, negative cash flows from
operating activities, and not generated any significant revenues since inception, that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plan in regard to these matters is also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

The
critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements
and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We
determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/
 . 

Firm
 ID: 6717 

We
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

June
 29, 2022 

F- 3 

BLUEONE
CARD, INC. 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

March 31, 2023 
 March 31, 2022 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Inventory 

Prepaid assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Software development 
 
 - 
 
 Right-of-use asset 
 
 - 
 
 Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Compensation payable to officer 

Related party payables 

Customer deposits 
 - 

Loan payable, current portion 
 - 

Lease liability - current maturity 
 
 - 
 
 Total Current Liabilities 

Loan payable, non-current portion 
 - 

Lease liability - net of current maturity 
 
 - 
 
 Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (See Note 8) 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively 

Additional paid in capital 

Stock subscriptions received 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

BLUEONE
CARD, INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

2023 
 2022 

For the Year Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Revenues 

Cost of sales 

Cost of sales - Inventory reserve 
 
 - 

Gross Profit (Loss) 

Operating Expenses 

Legal and filing fees 

Rent 

General and administrative 

Total Operating Expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other Income (Expense) 

Interest expense 

Total Other Income (Expense) 

Loss before Income Taxes 

Provision for Income Tax 
 - 
 - 

Net Loss 

Basic and Diluted Net Loss Per Share 

Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding - Basic and Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

BLUEONE
CARD, INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

For
the Year Ended March 31, 2023 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Received 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Subscriptions 
 Accumulated 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Received 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance - March 31, 2022 

- 

Sale of common stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Common stock issued for services 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Stock subscriptions received 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - March 31, 2023 

For
the Year Ended March 31, 2022 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Subscriptions 
 Accumulated 
 Total Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Received 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balance - March 31, 2021 

- 

Balance 

- 

Sale of common stock 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance - March 31, 2022 

- 

Balance 

- 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

BLUEONE
CARD, INC. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

2023 
 2022 

For the Year Ended March 31, 

2023 
 2022 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Inventory reserve 
 
 - 
 
 Non-cash rent expense 
 
 - 
 
 Loss on sale of vehicle 
 
 - 
 
 Stock compensation expense 
 
 - 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) in inventory 

Decrease (Increase) in prepaid deposits 

Increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

(Decrease) in customer deposits 
 
 - 
 
 Increase in compensation payable to officer 

(Decrease) in related party payables 

Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

Cash paid for purchase of software development costs 
 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for purchase of property and equipment 
 - 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Cash proceeds from sale of common stock 

Cash received from stock subscriptions 
 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for loan payable 

Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash 

Cash - Beginning of the Year 

Cash - End of the Year 

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flows 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Supplemental Disclosures of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities 

Sale of vehicle 
 
 - 
 
 Present value of initial lease liability and right-of-use asset 
 
 - 
 
 Reclassification of prepaid assets to software development 
 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 7 

BLUEONE
CARD, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 MARCH
31, 2023 AND 2022 

,
and used net cash flows in operating activities of 
during fiscal 2023, and has an accumulated deficit of 
as of March 31, 2023. These factors, among others, raise a substantial doubt regarding the Company s ability to continue as a
going concern operations for a period of 12 months from the issuance date of these financial statements. The continuation of the
Company as a going concern is dependent upon the continued financial support from its shareholders, the ability of the Company to
obtain necessary financing to continue operations, and the attainment of profitability. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate
capital, it could be forced to cease operations. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the
recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the
Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

costs incurred for the purchase of prepaid cards from prepaid deposits to inventory, and reclassified 
from related party payables to compensation payable to officer as of March 31, 2022, to conform to the presentation at March 31, 2023.
There was no net effect on the total assets of such reclassification. 

t have any cash equivalents as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the
Company s financial condition, results of operation and cash flows. 

Customer
Concentration 

For
the year ended March 31, 2023, 
of revenue was derived from one sale to one customer. For the year ended March 31, 2022, of the revenues were derived from two sales to two customers. 

Significant
Vendor and Concentration 

The
Company relies solely on one vendor for key components and processing services related to the manufacturing, distribution and servicing
of its prepaid debit cards and gift cards. The same vendor is also the sole developer and provider of the software for Company s operations. 

and 0 , respectively, to reduce the inventory to net realizable value. 

. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter
of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the related assets when they are placed into service. The Company evaluates property
and equipment for impairment periodically to determine if changes in circumstances or the occurrence of events suggest the carrying value
of the asset or asset group may not be recoverable. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Expenditures which
substantially increase the useful lives of the related assets are capitalized. 

of the
internal-use software development costs and related upgrades and enhancements. When existing software is replaced with new software,
the unamortized costs of the old software are expensed when the new software is ready for its intended use. 

The
Company conducts a qualitative assessment of internal-use software impairment using the guidelines of ASC 350-40-35-1 Internal-Use
Software . If impairment is indicated, then the Company conducts a quantitative impairment test under ASC 360 for long lived assets
(see below). 

impairment loss was recorded during
the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

and for the years ended March 31,
2023 and 2022, respectively. 

likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated
with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax
benefits in the accompanying balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities
upon examination. 

Basic and diluted net loss per share: 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share 

Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 

Total anti-dilutive weighted average shares 

Less: reserve to reduce to net realizable value 
 
 - 
 
 Total 

Office equipment 

Vehicle 
 
 - 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Total 

On
July 15, 2022, the Company sold its vehicle to a third party who agreed to assume the loan outstanding on the vehicle. The net book value
of the vehicle upon sale was and outstanding loan payable was . As a result, the Company recorded a net loss of 
upon sale of its vehicle which is included in general and administrative expenses. Depreciation expense amounted to and 
for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

relating to development of internal-use software. A portion of these costs totaling
 were included as prepaid assets as of March 31, 2022, and reclassified to software development costs as of March 31, 2023. This
software was developed by a third party and has passed the preliminary project stage prior to capitalization. Amortization will begin
once the software is placed in service which management has determined will start once service revenues begin. 

- 
 
 Less: Accumulated amortization 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 
 - 

and as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The funds
advanced are unsecured, non-interest bearing, and due on demand. 

On
December 1, 2020, the Company entered into an employment agreement with its CEO for a three-year term, for an annual compensation of
 ,
with a 
annual increase in compensation effective October 1 of each year. The Company has recorded compensation expense of 
and 
for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Compensation payable to the CEO totaled 
and 
as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively (see Note 8). 

, payable over a
term of months, interest bearing at , with a monthly payment of principal and interest of . On July 15, 2022, the Company
sold the vehicle to a third party and assigned the loan payments to the third party. The Company had recorded a loan balance of 
as of July 15, 2022 which was paid off by the purchaser of vehicle directly to the loan holder. The net book value of vehicle after accumulated
depreciation of at July 15, 2022 was . The Company recorded a loss on sale of vehicle of for the year ended March
31, 2023. 

Less: Current portion 
 - 

Loan Payable - Non-current portion 
 - 

The
Company recorded interest expense on the loan of and for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The
Company uses its credit cards to make purchases in the normal course of business. The Company recorded and in interest charges
payable to the credit card company for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

at the execution of the lease which included as first month payment, and as vehicle
registration, capitalized cost reduction and other handling fees. The Company recorded rent expense of for the year ended March
31, 2023. The lease expires on . 

The
Company recorded an initial right-of-use asset and lease liability of in fiscal 2023. 

Current lease liabilities 

Non-current lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) 

Weighted average discount rate per annum 

As
the lease do not provide an implicit rate, the Company used an incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease
commencement date in determining the present value of the lease payment, which is reflective of the specific term of the lease. 

March 31, 2025 

March 31, 2026 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Office
Lease 

On
August 27, 2020, the Company formally executed a month-to-month cancellable operating lease for leasing office space in an executive
suite, commencing on September 1, 2020 for per month. The Company paid a security deposit of on September 7, 2020. The monthly
rent increased to effective January 1, 2021 and to effective October 9, 2022. The Company has recorded rent expense of 
and for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

On
October 26, 2020, the Company executed a non-cancellable operating lease agreement for its principal office for a monthly rent of ,
with the lease commencing on November 1, 2020 for a period of 12 months. The Company paid a security deposit of on October 28,
2020. On November 25, 2021, the Company amended the terms of the operating lease agreement to be on a month-to-month basis, and agreed
to increase the security deposit to and a monthly lease payment of . The Company has recorded rent expense of and
 for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The
Company has recorded total rent expense of and for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

The
Company has considered the provisions of ASC 842 Topic 842 Leases . The Company has elected not to recognize lease
assets and lease liabilities for leases with a term of 12 months or less, as it is permitted to make an accounting policy election. The
Company has elected to record the rent expense on a straight-line basis ratable over the term of the lease. 

Legal
Costs and Contingencies 

In
the normal course of business, the Company incurs costs to hire and retain external legal counsel to advise it on regulatory, litigation
and other matters. The Company expenses these costs as the related services are received. 

If
a loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonable estimated, the Company recognizes an expense for the estimated loss. If
the Company has the potential to recover a portion of the estimated loss from a third party, the Company makes a separate assessment
of recoverability and reduces the estimated loss if recovery is also deemed probable. The Company was not aware of any loss contingencies
as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Employment Agreement 

On December 1, 2020, the Company entered into an Employment
Agreement (the Agreement with its President, CEO, Secretary, and Chairman (the Officer ). The initial term
of the Agreement is for three years and, if written notice is not provided within 90 days of the termination of each term, the term is
automatically extended for an additional one-year term. The Agreement may be terminated by either party upon 90 days prior written
notice. Whether the Agreement is terminated without Cause, for Good Reason, or for Cause, as
defined in the Agreement, determines what compensation is owed and when. There is also a 30-day cure period for any termination for Cause, 
as defined in the Agreement. The Agreement contains confidentiality, non-compete, and non-solicitation provisions. Pursuant to the terms
of Agreement, Mr. Koh is entitled to bonuses, reimbursement of expenses, a vehicle allowance, four weeks of paid vacation, and other incentives.
The Agreement does provide for payments to be made as a result of any Change in Control, as defined in the agreement. 

As a bonus for entering into the agreement, the Company
issued shares of its common stock to its Officer and, in the event that the Agreement is terminated prior to one year from the
date of the Agreement, the Officer is obligated to return the shares to the Company. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Officer is entitled
to an annual base salary of and that amount is subject to an automatic annual increase on the anniversary date (see Note
6). 

Service Agreement with EndlessOne Global
Inc. E1G 

The Company entered into a Service Agreement with
E1G on September 1, 2020 whereby, E1G provided data processing, transaction processing and related services for its cardholders, mobile
apps, website s back office and integration services with sponsoring banks and processors. The Service Agreement required a one-time
fee of to initiate the process to establish the banking identification number, including the program setup, integration and API
connection and implementation process required to bring the program live. The Company has paid to E1G towards the software development
as of March 31, 2023. 

authorized common shares with a par value of per share,
and authorized preferred shares with a par value of per share. 

Common
Stock 

During
the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company sold shares of common stock at per share for cash consideration of . 

During
the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company sold shares of common stock at per share for cash consideration of . 

During
the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company issued 
shares of common stock to consultants for consulting and business advisory services under the 2022 Stock Incentive Plan. The common
shares were valued at their fair value of 
per share based upon the most recent share price of the capital raise when services were performed. The Company
recorded 
in consulting expense for such issuances. 

As
of March 31, 2023, the Company received cash proceeds of in stock subscriptions from three accredited investors. The Company
recorded the cash proceeds as subscriptions received in advance as of March 31, 2023 (see Note 11). 

As
a result of all common stock issuances, the total issued and outstanding shares of common stock were shares and 
shares as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

Preferred
Stock 

The
Board of Directors, without further approval of its stockholders, is authorized to fix the dividend rights and terms, conversion rights,
voting rights, redemption rights, liquidation preferences and other rights and restrictions relating to any series. Issuances of shares
of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible financings, acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could,
among other things, adversely affect the voting power of the holders of our Common Stock and other series of Preferred Stock then outstanding. 

Designation 

There
are shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock designated and shares issued and outstanding as of March 31, 2023
and 2022, respectively. 

Liquidation
Rights 

In
the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, either voluntary or involuntary, after setting apart or paying
in full the preferential amounts due to Holders of senior capital stock, if any, the Holders of Series A Preferred Stock and parity capital
stock, if any, shall be entitled to receive, prior and in preference to any distribution of any of the assets or surplus funds of the
Corporation to the Holders of junior capital stock, including Common Stock, an amount equal to per share (the Liquidation
Preference ). If upon such liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, the assets of the Corporation available for
distribution to the Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and parity capital stock, if any, shall be insufficient to permit in full
the payment of the Liquidation Preference, then all such assets of the Corporation shall be distributed ratably among the Holders of
the Series A Preferred Stock and parity capital stock, if any. Neither the consolidation or merger of the Corporation nor the sale, lease
or transfer by the Corporation of all or a part of its assets shall be deemed a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation
for purposes of these Liquidation Rights. 

Conversion
Rights 

Voting
Rights 

. 

Stock
Splits, Dividends and Distributions 

If
the Corporation, at any time while any Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is outstanding, (a) shall pay a stock dividend or otherwise
make a distribution or distributions on shares of its Common Stock payable in shares of its capital stock [whether payable in shares
of its Common Stock or of capital stock of any class], (b) subdivide outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares,
(c) combine outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares. or (d) issue reclassification of shares of Common Stock
for any shares of capital stock of the Corporation, the conversion ratio, as defined, shall be adjusted by multiplying the number of
shares of Common Stock issuable by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock of the Corporation
outstanding after such event and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding before such event.
Any adjustment made pursuant to this paragraph (e)(iii) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination
of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in
the case of a subdivision, combination or reclassification. 

As
a result of all preferred stock issuances, the total issued and outstanding shares of preferred stock were 
shares as of March 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

2022 Stock Incentive
Plan 

On March 11, 2022, the Board
of Directors adopted the 2022 Stock Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ). The purposes of the 2022 Plan are (a) to enhance
our ability to attract and retain the services of qualified employees, officers, directors, consultants, and other service providers upon
whose judgment, initiative and efforts the successful conduct and development of our business largely depends, and (b) to provide additional
incentives to such persons or entities to devote their utmost effort and skill to the advancement and betterment of our company, by providing
them an opportunity to participate in the ownership of our Company and thereby have an interest in the success and increased value of
our Company. 

The 2022 Plan is administered
by our board of directors; however, the board of directors may designate administration of the 2022 Plan to a committee consisting of
at least two independent directors. Awards may be made under the 2022 Plan for up to shares of common stock of the Company.
Only employees of our Company or of an Affiliated Company , as defined in the 2022 Plan, (including members of the board
of directors if they are employees of our Company or of an Affiliated Company) are eligible to receive incentive stock options under the
2022 Plan. Employees of our Company or of an Affiliated Company, members of the board of directors (whether or not employed by our company
or an Affiliated Company), and Service Providers , as defined in the 2022 Plan, are eligible to receive non-qualified options,
restricted stock units, and stock appreciation rights under the 2022 Plan. All awards are subject to Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue
Code. 

No option awards may be exercisable
more than ten years after the date it is granted. In the event of termination of employment for cause, the options terminate on the date
of employment is terminated. In the event of termination of employment for disability or death, the optionee or administrator of optionee s
estate or transferee has six months following the date of termination to exercise options received at the time of disability or death.
In the event of termination for any other reason other than for cause, disability or death, the optionee has 30 days to exercise his or
her options. 

The 2022 Plan will continue
in effect until all the stock available for grant or issuance has been acquired through exercise of options or grants of shares, or until
ten years after its adoption, whichever is earlier. Awards under the 2022 Plan may also be accelerated in the event of certain corporate
transactions such as a merger or consolidation or the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all our assets. 

As of March 31, 2023, the
Board had awarded to consultants shares of Common Stock under the 2022 Plan. 

State taxes 
 
 - 
 
 Other permanent items 

Change in valuation allowance 
 - 
 - 
 
 Income tax expense 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred
income taxes are provided for the tax effects of transactions reported in the financial statements and consist of deferred taxes related
primarily to differences between the bases of certain assets and liabilities for financial and tax reporting. The deferred taxes represent
the future tax return consequences of those differences, which will either be deductible or taxable when the assets and liabilities are
recovered or settled. 

At
March 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had accumulated net operating loss carryforwards of approximately and , respectively,
for U.S. federal and Nevada income tax purposes available to offset future taxable incomes. These loss carryforwards will begin to expire
in the year ending March 31, 2031, subject to IRS limitations, including change in ownership. The Company periodically evaluates the
likelihood of the realization of deferred tax assets, and adjusts the carrying amount of the deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance
to the extent the future realization of the deferred tax assets is not judged to be more likely than not. The Company considers many
factors when assessing the likelihood of future realization of its deferred tax assets, including expectations of future taxable income
or loss, the carryforward periods available to us for tax reporting purposes, and other relevant factors. 

Based
 on the weight of available evidence, including cumulative losses in recent years and expectations of future taxable income, the
 Company has determined that it was more likely than not that its deferred tax assets would not be realized at March 31, 2023 and
 2022, respectively. Accordingly, the Company has recorded a valuation allowance for of
 its cumulative deferred tax assets. The change in valuation allowance during fiscal 2023 was an increase of . 

In
the ordinary course of business, the Company s income tax returns are subject to examination by various taxing authorities. Such
examinations may result in future tax and interest assessment by these taxing authorities. Accordingly, the Company believes that it
is more likely than not that it will realize the benefits of tax positions it has taken in its tax returns or for the amount of any tax
benefit that exceeds the cumulative probability threshold in accordance with FASB ASC 740. Differences between the estimated and actual
amounts determined upon ultimate resolution, individually or in the aggregate, are not expected to have a material adverse effect on
the Company s financial position. The Company believes its tax positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination.
As such, the Company has not recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits. As of March 31, 2023, tax years 2022, 2021, and 2020
remain open for examination by the Internal Revenue Service and the Nevada Division of Revenue. The Company has received no notice of
audit from the Internal Revenue Service or the Nevada Division of Revenue for any of the open tax years. 

and
monthly common area maintenance charges of . . The rent is payable
on the first day of each month, commencing either (1) opening of the business after tenant improvements, or (2) sixty days after the
lease execution date. The Company made a payment of of one-month rent and a security deposit of two months base rent of . 

Common
stock issued for subscriptions received in fiscal 2023 

On
April 28, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to an accredited investor for a cash consideration of pursuant
to a Stock Purchase Agreement. The Company had received of cash consideration for the sale of common stock on March 30, 2023
and recorded it as subscriptions received in advance as of March 31, 2023. The remaining balance of for the purchase of common
stock was received in two tranches of on April 13, 2023 and on April 28, 2023. 

On
April 28, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to an accredited investor for a cash consideration of pursuant
to a Stock Purchase Agreement. The Company received the cash consideration of for the sale of common stock on March 24, 2023
and recorded it as subscriptions received in advance as of March 31, 2023. 

On
April 28, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to an accredited investor for a cash consideration of pursuant
to a Stock Purchase Agreement. The Company had received of cash consideration for the sale of common stock as of March 31, 2023
and recorded it as subscriptions received in advance as of March 31, 2023. The Company has received the balance of of cash consideration
for the sale of common stock during April and May 2023 in multiple tranches. 

Common
stock issued for cash 

On
April 28, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to an accredited investor for a cash consideration of pursuant
to a Stock Purchase Agreement. The accredited investor had paid the cash consideration for sale of common stock on April 13, 2023. 

On
May 31, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to an accredited investor for a cash consideration of pursuant
to a Stock Purchase Agreement. The Company has received the cash consideration for the sale of common stock in June 2023 in multiple
tranches. 

On
June 21, 2023, the Company issued shares of common stock to an accredited investor for a cash consideration of pursuant
to a Stock Purchase Agreement. The Company has received the cash consideration for the sale of common stock in June 2023 in multiple
tranches. 

F- 16 

<EX-10.5>
 2
 ex10-5.htm

Exhibit 10.5 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
James Koh, certify that: 

1.
 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of BlueOne Card, Inc.; 

2.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4.
 
 Management
 is responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
 and has: 

a)
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
 under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
 evaluation; and 

d)
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
 has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting;
 and 

5.
 
 I
 have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b)
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
July 14, 2023 

/s/
 James Koh 

James
 Koh 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

The
undersigned, James Koh, the Chief Executive Officer of BlueOne Card, Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify that: 

1.
The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2023 (the Report ), fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
Information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the
Company. 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this statement this 14th day of July, 2023 

/s/
 James Koh 

James
 Koh 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to BlueOne Card, Inc. and will be retained by BlueOne
Card, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

The
forgoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is
not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is not to be incorporated by reference
into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such
filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 47
 bcrd-20230331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 49
 bcrd-20230331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 50
 bcrd-20230331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 51
 bcrd-20230331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

